Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Will Merck Let Incyte Go After AstraZeneca, Bristol, Roche Team-Ups Too? Incyte could be in line for more partnerships with some of the largest drugmakers, says an analyst. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) ALLISON GATLIN 1/27/2017 Reprints Incyte (INCY) could pull in $4.8 billion in 2026 peak sales on its Merck (MRK) partnership alone, Goldman Sachs analyst Salveen Richter said Friday — and that's without noting collaborations with AstraZeneca (AZN), Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) and Roche (RHHBY). But those collaborations with AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers and Roche don't target the substantial non-small cell lung cancer market, an opportunity that Richter pegs at $2.7 billion in 2026 peak sales. And whether Incyte goes that route will likely depend on whether Merck pushes for exclusivity, she says. Richter boosted her price target Friday on Incyte stock to 149 from 116, and kept her buy rating. In the stock market today, Incyte stock rose 0.9% to 121.72. Shares are up 21% for the year but are now extended from a 110.05 buy point out of a flat base first touched on Jan. 9. Incyte's epacadostat is an immune-oncology, or I-O, drug, as are Keytruda from Merck, Opdivo and Yervoy from Bristol-Myers, Tecentriq from AstraZeneca and durvalumab from Roche. These therapies target PD-1, PD-L1, CTLA-4 and IDO molecules, which act as "brakes" on the immune system, providing a negative signal to T cells. IBD'S TAKE: Incyte has a slew of potential blockbusters, and not all in the immune-oncology sector. Dive into The New America for a deeper analysis for more "Incyte" into those potential markets. Tumor cells apply the brakes to prevent their destruction by the immune system, Richter explained. I-O drugs remove the brake, allowing T cells to attack the tumor. Combinations of I-O drugs are thought to be more potent than combining I-O with chemo (though Merck is testing that too). "Based on encouraging early data from epacadostat in combinations with Keytruda, we view Incyte's IDO (inhibitor) as one of the leading 'add-ons' to PD-1/PD-L1," she wrote in a research report. Merck and Bristol-Myers are often seen as going head-to-head in the I-O space as their Keytruda and Opdivo both target PD-1 and are approved as monotherapies for melanoma, advanced lung cancer, and head and neck cancer. Both firms are also working on combos. This month, though, Merck announced an expanded collaboration with Incyte to test Keytruda and epacadostat in a total of five tumor types: first-line melanoma, advanced lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, head and neck cancer and bladder cancer. Incyte's epacadostat is safe as a monotherapy, but only 29% of advanced melanoma patients in an earlier phase 1 trial could achieve a stable disease. In an earlier combo of epacadostat and Yervoy, 31% of patients hit an overall response rate. But toxicity also rose in the liver. "In our view, this result highlights the potential for I-O/I-O synergies with IDO, with a continued focus on finding the most effective I-O doublets as second generation immunotherapies continue to emerge," Richter said. She sees Incyte hitting $2.7 billion in 2026 peak sales in the NSCLC market alone. But that estimate could be conservative. Incyte could also team up with AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers and Roche in NSCLC, pending the details of exclusivity with Merck. Outside its partnership with Merck, Incyte is already testing epacadostat with AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers and Roche in treating other types of cancer. RELATED: Bristol-Myers Topples On 2017 Guidance Cut Amid Merck I-O Rivalry Could Merck's 'Meaningful' Keytruda Royalty Give Bristol-Myers A Leg Up? Biotech Stocks Might Catalyze, Or Plunge, On These 4 Key Sectors In 2017 ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Bristol-Myers lowered its guidance, sending its stock falling. (Bristol-Myers) Bristol-Myers Topples On 2017 Guidance Cut Amid Merck I-O Competition 1/26/2017 Bristol-Myers stock toppled after the company posted mixed earnings and lowered its earnings guidance. 1/26/2017 Bristol-Myers stock toppled after the company posted mixed earnings and... Incyte Gets $112 Million Boost On Novartis Jakavi Royalties: RBC Novartis Signals It's Ready To Give Up On Alcon Eye-Care Unit Roche Gouges Bristol-Myers' Q4 Lung Cancer Share Amid Merck Rivalry Could Merck's 'Meaningful' Keytruda Royalty Give Bristol-Myers A Leg Up? Incyte Has Insight Into Market With Potential Blockbuster Drugs Amgen Could Gouge 'Top Pick' AbbVie With Humira Biosimilar: Jefferies Dow Leads As Trump Sworn In, But Stocks Close Lower For The Week Prothena Grabbing At Chunk Of $201B Immunotherapy Market: CEO Exclusive Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Health News, Good to Know Where Is the Vaccine Safety Grey Area? Health News, Good to Know Where Is the Vaccine Safety Grey Area? Vaccines Are Not All Dangerous but Not All Safe By Martha Rosenberg | January 27, 2017 AT 2:52 PM Last Updated: January 27, 2017 2:52 pm (pedalist/shutterstock) There may be no more volatile American debate than between the scientific community and anti-vaccine activists—or more absolutist. “Anti-vaxxers” are unscientific and putting the public at risk scream mainstream scientists. Pharma is overwhelming children with tsunamis of vaccines that are harming them in droves scream activists. Even news sites that are so anti-mainstream they claim that ISIS was created by the U.S. government to advance its global mission bash anti-vaccine activists and call them “unscientific.” Nowhere is the vaccine grey area even given an airing. Nowhere is the vaccine grey area even given an airing. What is the grey area? Not all vaccines are safe or unsafe. Not all vaccines are life-saving or necessary. There is no defensible reason for vaccines to be given all at once to a child, which many say heightens risks. And finally, disturbing financial conflicts of interest among pro-vaxxers do exist. It is not surprising mainstream scientists would counsel unconditional trust of Pharma vaccines since their medical centers, hospital wings, universities and sometimes personal paychecks are funded by the drug industry. But a quick look at withdrawn drugs like Vioxx, Bextra, Baycol, Trovan, Meridia, Darvon, Phen-Fen, Raxar, Seldane and more shows that expensive drugs that harm is very much part of Pharma’s history. We ignore it at our own peril. Related Coverage Study Finds Surprising Results in Vaccine Debate on Zuckerberg’s Facebook Post CDC Says FluMist Vaccine Doesn’t Work, Shouldn’t Be Used While vilifying anti-vaccine activists, mainstream scientists never mention the existence of the federal National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP) which, since 1988, has settled more than 16,000 claims and awarded $3.18 billion in injury settlements. When I asked a vaccine expert why the court existed if vaccines are unremittingly safe he told me that vaccines are so basic to public health yet so non-lucrative (compared to billion dollar pills), the government does not want vaccine makers bankrupted by lawsuits. By ignoring the court and the ghastly injuries it settles—I was told, off the record, about a woman who lost her fingers and toes from vasculitis caused by a vaccine—mainstream scientists do themselves a disservice. They should admit that vaccines do harm, even if only rarely, and also admit that not all vaccines are “life-saving.” It is no secret that vaccines and other “biologics”—liquid drugs that have to be injected—are the new marketing focus of Pharma as its billion dollar blockbuster pills like Lipitor and Viagra have gone off patent. The Case of Gardasil A few years ago, Merck attempted to cast Gardasil, a vaccine against the HPV virus (which is linked to venereal warts and cervical cancer) as virtually life-saving. Merck even marketed it in poor countries where cervical cancer is hardly a leading cause of death compared to malaria or diarrheal diseases. (In developed countries, a Pap test is as effective as a vaccine in preventing cervical cancer.) Last year, judges in India’s Supreme Court demanded answers after children died during a trial of Gardasil and Cervarix, GlaxoSmithKline’s counterpart vaccine, a few years earlier. According to CBS News there was another cloud over Gardasil. “Merck gave $6,000 to [Texas Gov. Rick] Perry’s election campaign fund as part of a national lobbying effort to persuade states that it ought to require Gardasil as one of the vaccines all kids should have before attending school,” it wrote. The director of a Merck-funded pro-Gardasil group was also Perry’s then-chief of staff’s mother-in-law. Nor did the departure of former CDC director Julie Gerberding to head Merck’s vaccines division look right to many ethics specialists. Docs Gone Bad Mainstream scientists have savaged Andrew Wakefield, a British medical researcher found to have conducted fraudulent research linking the measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine to autism with financial gain his apparent motive. His corruption is said to disprove any scientific doubts about vaccine safety. Yet when researchers in the U.S. have been so dishonest they have gone to jail, the science they published still stands. Scott Reuben published fraudulent research on Lyrica, Effexor, Celebrex and other drugs for Pharma. He went to prison for six months but the “science” behind the drugs he promoted stands. Richard Borison, former psychiatry chief at Augusta Veterans Affairs (VA) medical center and Medical College of Georgia, went to prison for 15 years for using clinical trials of the antipsychotic Seroquel to line his own pockets. The drug went on to earn billions and the “research” still stands. What is the Middle Ground? As a reporter I have interviewed a man whose blindness was caused by a 1976 flu vaccine for which the government compensated him. More recently I interviewed a parent whose normal toddler was never the same after a vaccine and is now institutionalized. “He cried hysterically for 24 hours,” the parent, who is a medical practitioner, told me. Pharma is unwise to cast such parents, of whom there are many, as “nuts.” The degeneration of their child is not their imagination. Why doesn’t Pharma improve its credibility and say, “yes there are dangers but they are usually worth it?” But anti-vaccination activists also need to honor the “grey area.” Would anyone refuse a rabies vaccine after being bitten by a rabid raccoon? A tetanus shot after a serious wound? Would responsible parents deny their child a whooping cough or polio vaccine? Vaccines save lives. Like all drugs marketed these days, patients and parents need to weigh benefits and risks and do their own research—never forgetting Pharma’s spotty safety record. Martha Rosenberg is author of the award-cited food exposé “Born With a Junk Food Deficiency,” distributed by Random House. A nationally known muckraker, she has lectured at the university and medical school level and appeared on radio and television. Views expressed in this article are the opinions of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of Epoch Times. Editor’s Picks The Danger of Political Labels In India, Support for Currency Ban Holds Despite Hardships Book Review: ‘$uperhubs’ Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in Health NewsTo Brew or Not to Brew? Expert Advice on Coffee’s Health BenefitsDying From Cancer: Could Your Location Determine Your Fate?You Might Be Working Yourself to Death (Really)Foods to Eat More, Not Less in 2017 Latest in Health Traditional Chinese Medicine Conscious Beauty and Well-Being: Caring for the Body During ‘Major Cold’ Health News To Brew or Not to Brew? Expert Advice on Coffee’s Health Benefits Fitness & Nutrition Want to Lose Weight? Train the Brain, Not the Body Traditional Chinese Medicine Attracting Good Fortune in the Year of the Fire Rooster Treatments and Techniques Dry Winter Hair Care Fitness & Nutrition Dedication’s What You Need Health News Dying From Cancer: Could Your Location Determine Your Fate? Fitness & Nutrition 5 Wellness Trends That Are Going To Be Huge in 2017 Treatments and Techniques It’s Not Too Late to Make a Resolution to Raise Great Kids! × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Alphabet Delivers Another 'Exceptional' Quarter Alphabet investors have much to be pleased with Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Ways to Prevent a Tax Audit How to minimize the risk of an audit My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history January 27, 2017, 02:05:00 PM EDT By Reuters Shutterstock photo 
By Bill BerkrotJan 27 (Reuters) - Merck & Co <MRK.N> on Friday posted seven
years of information showing a high single-digit percentage
annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a
move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the
U.S. market.
    Politicians, health insurers and most recently President
Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S.
prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump
said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with
murder." [nL1N1F11F0]
    Other pharmaceutical companies have also signaled intentions
to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost.
    In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price
hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent,
peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10
percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers
have targeted recently.
    See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw
    The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's
website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual
increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts
and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers
and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year.
    Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer
drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment.
The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by
helping the immune system to attack tumors command high prices
but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive
them.
    Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases
ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2
percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent.
    The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3
percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have
been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for
covering a drugmakers' medicines.
    Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N> on Tuesday said it was planning to
release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new
disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses,
and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford
them. [nL4N1FE3YQ]
    Earlier this month, AbbVie <ABBV.N> became the third major
drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10
percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once
this year, rather than the common industry standard of two,
often double-digit percentage, price increases.
[nL1N1F11NH][nL1N1F21JF]

    <^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
GRAPHIC-Merck's drug price history    http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^>
 (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline
Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr)
 ((bill.berkrot@thomsonreuters.com; 1 646 223 6030; Reuters
Messaging: bill.berkrot.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))

Keywords: MERCK & CO DRUGPRICING/ (GRAPHIC)
 This article appears in: News Headlines Referenced Symbols: ABBV , JNJ , MRK More from Reuters Subscribe Johnson & Johnson's Most Exciting Opportunity 3 Top Biotech Stocks to Buy Now Gilead Sciences Stock: What Could Go Wrong? Related stocks Articles Subscribe An Exhausting, Yet Positive Week 1/28/2017 01:30 AM Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 1/27/2017 09:30 PM Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter 1/27/2017 09:04 PM See headlines for ABBV Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Microsoft Corporation Q2 Earnings Climb 6% Whole Foods Market To Close Three Commercial Kitchens BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Arctic Cat, Halcon Resources, Bob Evans BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Arctic Cat, Freeport, Horizon Global WestRock To Acquire Multi Packaging Solutions For $18.00/shr - Quick Atos integrates heartbeat identification into its unique... 3 Tips For Finding Your First ETF ZipBooks Awarded $100K from Utah Governor’s Office of Economic... View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced ABBV 100% Rate It JNJ 85% Rate It MRK 84% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #GST #Budget2017 #Budget News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil prices fall as U.S. drillers add rigs Global stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances Business Standard Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history Reuters  January 28, 2017 Last Updated at 00:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USjtXq ALSO READ Merck receives demand notice from National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority Merck announces change in directorate Merck to hold board meeting Merck directors Brijesh Kapil and Ali Sleiman resign Leading psychoanalyst Sudhir Kakar gets Merck-Tagore Award By Bill Berkrot (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signalled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumours command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Merck | Co | Drugpricing PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. By Bill Berkrot (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signalled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumours command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history By Bill Berkrot (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signalled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumours command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Merck reveals seven years of its U.S. drug price increase history Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Fri Jan 27, 2017 | 2:08pm EST Merck reveals seven years of its U.S. drug price increase history By Bill Berkrot Merck & Co (MRK.N) on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signaled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumors command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie (ABBV.N) became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) Next In Business News Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension NEW YORK Bill Gates and Warren Buffett on Friday expressed optimism that the United States will move ahead as a nation, even as it works through political differences and gets used to the new Trump administration. Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers MEXICO CITY Seeking to quell a social media campaign imploring Mexicans to boycott U.S. companies, Starbucks defended itself on Friday, saying it had invested millions in the country, created more than 7,000 jobs, and that its local unit is Mexican-owned. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history By Reuters Published: 14:05 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 14:06 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail By Bill Berkrot Jan 27 (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signaled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumors command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Companies Putting the Squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb Bristol-Myers Squibb's executives acknowledge stiff competition from Merck, Roche, and Gilead Sciences. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 27, 2017 at 12:03PM Most executives prefer to talk about their own companies instead of discussing rivals. However, Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) CEO Giovanni Caforio and other officers spent a lot of time in the company's fourth-quarter earnings call on Thursday talking about products made by other companies, specifically Merck (NYSE:MRK), Roche (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY), and Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD). Here's what was said about how these three competitors are putting the squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb. (Quotes courtesy of S&P Global Market Intelligence.) Image source: Getty Images. Merck, Merck, and more Merck Caforio first mentioned Merck in reference to the recent settlement made over Bristol-Myers Squibb's lawsuit alleging patent infringement. Merck agreed to pay $625 million upfront to BMS and its partner, Ono Pharmaceutical, plus royalties on sales of Keytruda. However, there was a lot more discussion about how Merck and Keytruda threaten Opdivo. Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers Squibb's chief commercial officer, was asked point-blank how the company would defend Opdivo against Keytruda if the drug gains approval as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. Gordon acknowledged that BMS was assuming Merck will win a thumbs-up from the FDA and said, "that clearly puts our lung business under some pressure going forward." However, Caforio emphasized his company's broad program of exploring combination regimens with Opdivo, including with Yervoy and with chemotherapies. He added that these opportunities could allow BMS "to play a meaningful role in first-line lung cancer going forward." Caforio later had to answer a question that included a premise that BMS once held a significant lead in immuno-oncology, but had given up that lead to Merck. His response didn't dispute the premise of the question. Caforio instead pointed to the significant number of late-stage programs in the pipeline that read over the next 12 to 24 months. And that wasn't the end of it. Another question related to the potential threat from Merck's combination of Keytruda with Incyte's ID01 inhibitor epacadostat. Chief scientific officer Francis Cuss pointed to Bristol-Myers Squibb's own combo studies with Incyte as well as the company's studies with an IDO inhibitor it gained with the 2015 acquisition of Flexus. Roche gaining ground While Merck and Keytruda dominated the discussion about Opdivo's prospects, another competitor's product also came up. Bristol-Myers Squibb CFO Charles Bancroft said in his initial remarks that "the U.S. lung market has started to become more competitive" primarily because of the entrance of Roche's Tecentriq as a second-line treatment. Murdo Gordon later acknowledged that most of Opdivo's erosion of market share as a second-line lung cancer treatment has been to Tecentriq. Gordon said Bristol-Myers Squibb ended 2016 with around a 40% share of the second-line market, which was in line with the company's expectations. He added later that Tecentriq took 10% of market share away from Opdivo in the fourth quarter. Gordon admitted that Roche was putting pressure on Opdivo in the second-line market. However, he said Bristol-Myers Squibb should be able to defend the business "with strong execution and a strong profile in second line."   Waving the white flag to Gilead Sciences in hepatitis C Bristol-Myers Squibb's fourth-quarter numbers looked good overall. However, a glaring weak spot was with its hepatitis C virus (HCV) franchise. Sales fell off a cliff in the fourth quarter, coming in 51% below the prior-year period. CFO Charles Bancroft didn't shy away from explaining why the HCV results were so bad. He said that competition from Gilead Sciences' new HCV drug Epclusa was the culprit. Bancroft said Bristol-Myers Squibb had halted all promotional activities for its HCV franchise in the U.S. and expected sales to drop off even faster in 2017.  While international sales for the company's HCV franchise didn't slip as badly as U.S. sales, Bancroft stated that the situation outside the U.S. would probably get worse. Gilead is steadily winning access for Epclusa in increasingly more countries.   From defense to offense If it sounds like Bristol-Myers Squibb's executive team was on the defensive during much of the fourth-quarter conference call, it's because they were. Roche and Gilead Sciences are already hurting the company's sales. Merck probably won't be far behind. However, BMS still has a lot going for it. Giovanni Caforio played up the company's strategy several times. The first priority of that strategy is commercial execution, particularly in international markets and with Eliquis and Orencia. The second priority is completing late-stage studies of Opdivo combos as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. The third priority is advancing the rest of the company's immuno-oncology programs. And the last priority is accelerating progress with the rest of the pipeline. If Bristol-Myers Squibb can deliver on these goals, the stock should be a winner for investors over the long run. And maybe in a future earnings call, the company's management will be able to talk less about competitors and more about Bristol-Myers Squibb.   Keith Speights owns shares of Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 27, 2017 at 12:03PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $71.26 up $0.04 (0.06%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $47.74 up $0.92 (1.96%) Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.68 up $0.17 (0.58%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Beaten-Up Healthcare Stocks: Are They Bargains? 2016's Worst Clinical Failures After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? The Scariest Thing About Bristol-Myers Squibb's Dividend Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Companies Putting the Squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GILD, $BMY, $RHHBY
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Companies Putting the Squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb Bristol-Myers Squibb's executives acknowledge stiff competition from Merck, Roche, and Gilead Sciences. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 27, 2017 at 12:03PM Most executives prefer to talk about their own companies instead of discussing rivals. However, Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) CEO Giovanni Caforio and other officers spent a lot of time in the company's fourth-quarter earnings call on Thursday talking about products made by other companies, specifically Merck (NYSE:MRK), Roche (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY), and Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD). Here's what was said about how these three competitors are putting the squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb. (Quotes courtesy of S&P Global Market Intelligence.) Image source: Getty Images. Merck, Merck, and more Merck Caforio first mentioned Merck in reference to the recent settlement made over Bristol-Myers Squibb's lawsuit alleging patent infringement. Merck agreed to pay $625 million upfront to BMS and its partner, Ono Pharmaceutical, plus royalties on sales of Keytruda. However, there was a lot more discussion about how Merck and Keytruda threaten Opdivo. Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers Squibb's chief commercial officer, was asked point-blank how the company would defend Opdivo against Keytruda if the drug gains approval as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. Gordon acknowledged that BMS was assuming Merck will win a thumbs-up from the FDA and said, "that clearly puts our lung business under some pressure going forward." However, Caforio emphasized his company's broad program of exploring combination regimens with Opdivo, including with Yervoy and with chemotherapies. He added that these opportunities could allow BMS "to play a meaningful role in first-line lung cancer going forward." Caforio later had to answer a question that included a premise that BMS once held a significant lead in immuno-oncology, but had given up that lead to Merck. His response didn't dispute the premise of the question. Caforio instead pointed to the significant number of late-stage programs in the pipeline that read over the next 12 to 24 months. And that wasn't the end of it. Another question related to the potential threat from Merck's combination of Keytruda with Incyte's ID01 inhibitor epacadostat. Chief scientific officer Francis Cuss pointed to Bristol-Myers Squibb's own combo studies with Incyte as well as the company's studies with an IDO inhibitor it gained with the 2015 acquisition of Flexus. Roche gaining ground While Merck and Keytruda dominated the discussion about Opdivo's prospects, another competitor's product also came up. Bristol-Myers Squibb CFO Charles Bancroft said in his initial remarks that "the U.S. lung market has started to become more competitive" primarily because of the entrance of Roche's Tecentriq as a second-line treatment. Murdo Gordon later acknowledged that most of Opdivo's erosion of market share as a second-line lung cancer treatment has been to Tecentriq. Gordon said Bristol-Myers Squibb ended 2016 with around a 40% share of the second-line market, which was in line with the company's expectations. He added later that Tecentriq took 10% of market share away from Opdivo in the fourth quarter. Gordon admitted that Roche was putting pressure on Opdivo in the second-line market. However, he said Bristol-Myers Squibb should be able to defend the business "with strong execution and a strong profile in second line."   Waving the white flag to Gilead Sciences in hepatitis C Bristol-Myers Squibb's fourth-quarter numbers looked good overall. However, a glaring weak spot was with its hepatitis C virus (HCV) franchise. Sales fell off a cliff in the fourth quarter, coming in 51% below the prior-year period. CFO Charles Bancroft didn't shy away from explaining why the HCV results were so bad. He said that competition from Gilead Sciences' new HCV drug Epclusa was the culprit. Bancroft said Bristol-Myers Squibb had halted all promotional activities for its HCV franchise in the U.S. and expected sales to drop off even faster in 2017.  While international sales for the company's HCV franchise didn't slip as badly as U.S. sales, Bancroft stated that the situation outside the U.S. would probably get worse. Gilead is steadily winning access for Epclusa in increasingly more countries.   From defense to offense If it sounds like Bristol-Myers Squibb's executive team was on the defensive during much of the fourth-quarter conference call, it's because they were. Roche and Gilead Sciences are already hurting the company's sales. Merck probably won't be far behind. However, BMS still has a lot going for it. Giovanni Caforio played up the company's strategy several times. The first priority of that strategy is commercial execution, particularly in international markets and with Eliquis and Orencia. The second priority is completing late-stage studies of Opdivo combos as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. The third priority is advancing the rest of the company's immuno-oncology programs. And the last priority is accelerating progress with the rest of the pipeline. If Bristol-Myers Squibb can deliver on these goals, the stock should be a winner for investors over the long run. And maybe in a future earnings call, the company's management will be able to talk less about competitors and more about Bristol-Myers Squibb.   Keith Speights owns shares of Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 27, 2017 at 12:03PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $71.26 up $0.04 (0.06%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $47.74 up $0.92 (1.96%) Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.68 up $0.17 (0.58%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Beaten-Up Healthcare Stocks: Are They Bargains? 2016's Worst Clinical Failures After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? The Scariest Thing About Bristol-Myers Squibb's Dividend Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Companies Putting the Squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GILD, $BMY, $RHHBY
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia & FSU Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Español Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US-NATO War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science Mercury and Vaccines. “Thimerisol, Let The Science Speak” by RFK Jr. By Robert F. Kennedy Jr Global Research, January 27, 2017 Robert F Kennedy Jr. Region: USA Theme: Science and Medicine RFK, JR manifesto on mercury and vaccines  I am pro vaccine. I had all of my six children vaccinated. I believe that vaccines save millions of lives.  So let me explain why I edited the book Thimerosal: Let The Science Speak, which exposes the dangerous—and wholly unnecessary—use of the mercury-based preservative thimerosal in vaccines being given to millions of children and pregnant women here and around the world. image RFK Jr.  Vaccines are big business. Pharma is a trillion-dollar industry with vaccines accounting for $25 billion in annual sales. CDC’s decision to add a vaccine to the schedule can guarantee its manufacturer millions of customers and billions in revenue with minimal advertis- ing or marketing costs and complete immunity from lawsuits. High stakes and the seamless marriage between Big Pharma and government agencies have spawned an opaque and crooked regulatory system. Merck, one of America’s leading vaccine outfits, is currently under investigation for deceiving FDA regulators about the effectiveness of its MMR vaccine. Two whistleblowers say Merck ginned up sham studies to maintain Merck’s MMR monopoly. Big money has fueled the exponential expansion of CDC’s vaccine schedule since 1988, when Congress’ grant of immunity from lawsuits suddenly transformed vaccines into paydirt. CDC recommended five pediatric vaccines when I was a boy in 1954. Today’s children cannot ­­ school without at least 56 doses of 14 vaccines by the time they’re 18. An insatiable pharmaceutical industry has 271 new vaccines under development in CDC’s bureaucratic pipeline in hopes of boosting vaccine revenues to $100 billion by 2025. The industry’s principle spokesperson, Dr. Paul Offit, says that he believes children can take as many as 10,000 vaccines. Public health may not be the sole driver of CDC decisions to mandate new vaccines. Four scathing federal studies, including two by Congress, one by the US Senate, and one by the HHS Inspector General, paint CDC as a cesspool of corruption, mismanagement, and dysfunction with alarming conflicts of interest suborning its research, regulatory, and policymaking functions. CDC rules allow vaccine industry profiteers like Dr. Offit to serve on advisory boards that add new vaccines to the schedule. In a typical example, Offit in 1999 sat on the CDC’s vaccine advisory committee and voted to add the rotavirus vaccine to CDC’s schedule, paving the way for him to make a fortune on his own rotavirus vaccine. Offit and his business partners sold the royalties to his rotavirus vaccine patent to Merck in 2006 for $182 million. Offit told Newsweek, “It was like winning the lottery!” A 2009 HHS Inspector General’s report found that the CDC certified financial disclosure forms with at least one omission for 97% of committee members—and most forms had more than one type of omission. The same report stated that as many as 64% of committee members had potential conflicts of interest that CDC did not identify or resolve before certifying their forms. In addition to lucrative business partnerships with Merck, Offit holds a $1.5 million research chair, funded by Merck, at Children’s Hospital in Philadelphia. From this industry sinecure, he broadcasts vaccine industry propaganda and annually publishes books urging unlimited vaccinations and vilifying safe-vaccine advocates. The corruption has also poisoned CDC’s immunization safety office, the research arm that tests vaccines for safety and efficacy. In August 2014, seventeen-year CDC veteran, Dr. William Thompson, who is author of the principal study cited by CDC to exculpate mercury- preserved vaccines from the autism link, invoked whistleblower protection, and turned extensive agency files over to Congress. Thompson, who is still employed at CDC, says that for the past decade his superiors have pressured him and his fellow scientists to lie and manipulate data about the safety of the mercury-based preservative thimerosal to conceal its causative link to a suite of brain injuries, including autism. Thimerosal is 50% ethylmercury, which is far more toxic and persistent in the brain than the highly regulated methylmercury in fish. Hundreds of peer reviewed studies by leading government and university scientists show that thimerosal is a devastating brain poison linked to neurological disorders now epidemic in American children. My book, Thimerosal: Let the Science Speak, is a summary of these studies, which CDC and its credulous jour- nalists swear don’t exist. Although Thompson’s CDC and vaccine industry colleagues have created nine patently fraudulent and thoroughly discredited epidemiological studies to defend thimerosal, no published study shows thimerosal to be safe. The common canard that US autism rates rose after drug makers removed most thimerosal from pediatric vaccines in 2003 is wrong. That same year, CDC added flu shots containing massive doses of thimerosal to the pediatric schedule. As a result, children today can get nearly as much mercury exposure as children did from all pediatric vaccines combined in the decade prior to 2003. Worse, thimerosal, for the first time, is being given to pregnant women in flu shots. Furthermore, CDC’s current autism numbers are for children born in 2002, when kids were still getting thimerosal in their pediatric vaccines. The best science suggests that thimerosal’s complete removal from vaccines is likely to prompt a significant decline in autism. For example, a 2013 CDC study in JAMA Pediatrics shows a 33% drop in autism spectrum disorder in Denmark following the 1992 removal of thimerosal from Danish vaccines. That paper is among 37 peer-reviewed studies linking thimerosal to the autism epidemic. Thimerosal has precipitated a journalistic as well as a public health crisis. Big Pharma pumps over $3.5 billion annually into TV, newspapers, and other advertising, targeting news departments, which have become vehicles for pharmaceutical sales and propa- ganda platforms for the industry. Television and print outlets feature spokespeople like Dr. Offit—without identifying their industry ties— while censoring criticisms of vaccine safety andexcluding the voices of informed vaccine safety advocates. Busy journalists parrot the deceptive talking points dispensed by government and pharma officials rather than reading the science themselves. Unable to argue the science, they bully, pillory, and demonize vaccine safety advocates as “anti-vax,” “anti-science,” and far worse. The unwillingness of the press to scrutinize CDC has emboldened both industry and agency to follow the lowest paths of easy profit and bureaucratic preservation. The measles scare was classic disaster capitalism, with media outlets dutifully stoking public hysteria on editorial pages and throughout the 24-hour broadcast cycle. With Dr. Offit leading the charge, CDC, drug makers, and industry-funded front groups parlayed a garden variety annual measles outbreak into a national tidal wave of state legislation to ban religious and philosophical vaccine exemptions. The national media frenzy over 159 measles cases left little room for attention to the the autism cataclysm which has debilitated 1 million American children since the pandemic began in 1989, with 27,000 new cases annually. CDC refuses to call autism an “epidemic.” In defiance of hard science, and common sense, CDC and Offit have launched a denial campaign to gull reporters into believing the autism plague is an illusion created by better diagnosis. Big Pharma is among the nation’s largest political donors, giving $31 million last year to national political candidates.  It spends more on political lobbying than any other industry, $3.0 billion from 1998 to 2014—double the amount spent by oil and gas and four times as much as defense and aerospace lobbyists. By February, state legislators in 36 states were pushing through over one hundred new laws to end philosophical and religious vaccine exemptions. Many of those state lawmakers are also on the industry payroll. You can see how much money bill sponsors from your state took from Big Pharma on http://www.maplight.org Normally plaintiffs’ tort lawyers would provide a powerful check and balance to keep vaccines safe and effective and regulators and policymakers honest. But Pharma’s dirty money has bought the industry immunity from lawsuits for vaccine injury no matter how dangerous the product. An obliging Congress disposed of the Seventh Amendment right to jury trial, making it impossible for vaccine-injured plaintiffs to sue pharmaceutical companies for selling unsafe vaccines. That’s right! No Class Actions. No discovery. No depositions and little financial incentive for the industry to make vaccines safer. Vaccine industry money has neutralized virtually all of the checks and balances that once stood between a rapacious pharmaceutical industry and our children. With the re- search, regulatory, and policymaking agencies captured, the courts closed to the public, the lawyers disarmed, the politicians on retainer and the media subverted, there is no one left to stand between a greedy industry and vulnerable children, except parents. Now Big Pharma’s game plan is to remove parental informed consent rights from that equation and force vaccine hesitant parents to inject their children with potentially risky vaccines that the Supreme Court has called “unavoidably unsafe.” Ending exemptions is premature until we have a functioning regulatory agency and a transparent process. The best way to insure full vaccine coverage is for the vaccine program to win back public trust by ending its corrupt financial ties with a profit-making industry. To educate yourselves about CDC corruption and the truth about vaccine science, I hope you will read Thimerosal: Let the Science Speak and download the important movie Trace Amounts43 and insist your legislators watch it before voting on any of these bills.  Notes Forbes Magazine & CDC’s Rogue Scientist (8/31/2015) My speech to a concerned group of citizens about SB 277 (7/18/15) RFK, Jr. versus Frank Bruni (7/5/2015) 39 published peer reviewed studies linking Thimerosal to Autism (7/5/2015) Anna Almendrala attacks Jim Carrey for demanding the removal of the mercury based preservative, Thimerosal from vaccines. (07/02/2015) Letter to Shawn Hubler – Sacramento Bee (6/24/2015) CDC’s Latest Tuskegee Experiment African American Autism and Vaccines (7/2/2015) RFK, Jr. interview on Jesse Ventura’s show “Off The Grid” Why The American Press Does Not Want You To Read this Article My manifesto (printed below) ran in USA Today as a full-page ad in the weekend issue April 24-26.  The broadside is partially a jeremiad on press suppression of the thimerosal issue – the debate that CBS reporter Sharyl Atkinson calls “the most censored and misreported story”of the century. Ironically, my manifesto had already run afoul the Kafkaesque industry taboo that one national reporter has characterized as “a borglike impenetrable cocoon” Before we ran it as a full-page ad, opinion editors at virtually all of the nation’s leading papers rejected a shorter version of the same article.   read more > Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.: An Invitation to Open Debate On Thimerosal Alternet.org (August 2014) “Why is everyone lined up against you?” RFK, JR on Bill Maher (04/24/15) James Grundvig on RFK Jr….the mercury tipping point Trace Amounts: Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. No Anti-Vaccer San Francisco Examiner (4/11/15) The Mercury Tipping Point: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The Epoch Times (04/27/15) RFK Jr. on Good Day LA- Fox 11  April 22, 2015 Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on the misognyistic rhetoric of safe vaccine opponents – Sacramento, CA April 8, 2015 CDC Scientist Still Maintains Agency Forced Researchers To Lie About Safety Of Mercury Based Vaccines Ring of Fire Blog (February 2015) Vaccine Courts Trampling Justice and Public Health “In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved.” “CDC is paralyzed by anything to do with autism…I have a boss who is asking me to lie.” CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson “Thimerosal causes tics (in children of pregnant women)…there is biologic plausibility that thimerosal causes autism like features.” CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson “When I talk to you who has a son with autism…I’m completely ashamed by what I did…the higher ups wanted to do certain things, and I went along.” CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson CDC Chief Julie Gerberding tells Sanja Gupta that vaccines can trigger autistic-like symptoms in vulnerable children April 2008 In 2005, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. wrote an article that was co-published by Rolling Stone magazine and Salon.com about the connection between the vaccine preservative thimerosal and the autism epidemic. After several revisions to the article and nearly 6 years after the original publication date, Salon.com retracted the article from its website archives without consideration or opportunity for rebuttal. Below is the full corrected article, a link to Salon’s retraction and the real reason behind it, as well an email delivered to Robert F. Kennedy Jr. by David Talbot, the founder and former editor-in-chief of Salon.com Deadly Immunity article – Rolling Stone 2005 The full Rolling Stone version including all of the corrections The real reason Salon retracted Deadly Immunity, caving to Pharma   The original source of this article is Robert F Kennedy Jr. Copyright © Robert F. Kennedy Jr, Robert F Kennedy Jr., 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Robert F. Kennedy Jr Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News / Top Stories Non-Muslims Carried Out More than 90% of All Terrorist Attacks in America Selected Articles: Trump Endorses “War on Terrorism”, UK and Monsanto: Crimes against Humanity, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: ‘No Moderate Rebels’ in Syria Trump’s “War on Terrorism”: Going After America’s “Intelligence Assets”? Smearing the Trumps: Will We Become as Hateful, Insensitive and Boorish as The Opposition? Soaring Stock Markets: Wall Street’s Trump Euphoria Propels Dow Above 20,000 Syrian Army Repels Large-Scale ISIS Advance On Khanaser-Aleppo Road Will Washington’s New Pro-Moscow, Anti-Beijing Gang Drive a Wedge Through the BRICS in 2017? Barack Obama’s Betrayal Paying for the “Great Wall”: Trump Considering 20% Import Tax on Mexican Products The British Government Colludes with Monsanto. Crimes against Humanity and “Ecocide” Wave Of US State Department Personnel Resign, Are Fired As Tillerson Takes Control Trump’s Muslim Ban is Real and Even Worse Than Imagined Tomorrow, January 28: The Truth on Syria: Canadian Journalist Eva Bartlett in Montreal Trump-Putin Talks? Will Trump Lift Sanctions against Russia? Could Be “Costly” To Russia Trump’s First Week: A Win for the Elite, a Loss for the People. “And it Does Not Look Good” Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour U.S. Elections Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights Culture, Society & History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Bristol-Myers Topples On 2017 Guidance Cut Amid Merck I-O Competition Bristol-Myers lowered its guidance, sending its stock falling. (Bristol-Myers) ALLISON GATLIN 1/26/2017 Reprints Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) stock toppled early Thursday after the biotech reported mixed Q4 earnings and lowered its 2017 earnings guidance by 15 cents, leaving analysts to question whether Merck (MRK) will win the ongoing I-O rivalry. In the stock market today, Bristol-Myers stock tumbled 5.5% to 46.82 and touched its lowest price since September 2013. Bristol shares are down 20% this year. Merck stock, on the other hand, rose a fraction, to 61.20, and is up 4% in 2017. For Q4, Bristol-Myers reported $5.2 billion in sales, up 22% year over year, and topping analysts' views for $5.1 billion. But its 63 cents earnings per share ex items, though up 66%, missed the 67 cents analysts had modeled. Sales of immuno-oncology drug Opdivo grew to $835 million. The company wrapped up 2016 with $19.4 billion in sales and $2.83 EPS ex items, up a respective 17% and 41%. Opdivo brought in $1.31 billion, topping views for $1.16 billion, Evercore analyst Mark Schoenebaum said. IBD'S TAKE: While Bristol-Myers offered mixed guidance, analysts expect Incyte to outperform the industry on its potential blockbusters. Get more "Incyte" on The New America. U.S. Opdivo sales rose 74% in 2016 to $715 million. That disappointed, Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez said in a research report. The beat on Opdivo was mostly due to outside-U.S. sales, Schoenebaum said in his report. Bristol-Myers also adjusted its full-year EPS minus items guidance downward by 15 cents to $2.70-$2.90 from $2.85-$3.05. The high end of the new guidance missed analysts' expectations for $2.96. Worldwide sales are expected to increase by low-single digits. Analysts had viewed 2.9% growth. Schoenebaum suggested the EPS guidance cut could be due to increasing competition in second-line non-small cell lung cancer, continued rivalry with Merck in first-line NSCLC, Bristol's decision against seeking accelerated approval for an I-O combo and/or exchange rate issues. Whatever the reason, Schoenebaum questioned "can Bristol-Myers news get worse from here?" Bristol Not Seeking Accelerated Approval This month, Bristol decided against seeking accelerated approval for its Opdivo plus Yervoy combo in first-lung non-small cell lung cancer — an I-O cocktail most analysts suggest could be more potent than Merck's Keytruda plus chemo combo. But the latter already has accelerated approval. Still, "our NPV (net present value) analysis indicates that even with zero first-line lung cancer sales (which is an unreasonable assumption), this stock is worth something like $40," Schoenebaum wrote in a research report. Leerink's Fernandez, though, still sees major value in Bristol-Myers despite the temporary missteps. "Opdivo, Yervoy, and the burgeoning I-O pipeline at Bristol is a high-value industry asset that cannot be ignored," he said. "If history teaches us anything in pharma, it is that companies suffering from short-term missteps or surprises but with great assets are more likely than not to become vulnerable M&A targets over time if there isn't either a reversal of fortune or a series of value-added pipeline surprises." RELATED: Could Merck's 'Meaningful' Keytruda Royalties Give Bristol-Myers A Leg Up? Bristol-Myers Dives On Opdivo Setback, Will Get Keytruda Royalties FDA Track Record Bodes Well For Merck Keytruda Plus Chemo: Leerink ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Incyte could be in line for more partnerships with some of the largest drugmakers, says an analyst. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) Will Merck Let Incyte Go After AstraZeneca, Bristol, Roche Team-Ups Too? 1/27/2017 Incyte could pull $4.8 billion in 2026 peak sales on its Merck partnership alone, Goldman Sachs analyst Salveen Richter said... 1/27/2017 Incyte could pull $4.8 billion in 2026 peak sales on... Roche Gouges Bristol-Myers' Q4 Lung Cancer Share Amid Merck Rivalry Could Merck's 'Meaningful' Keytruda Royalty Give Bristol-Myers A Leg Up? Incyte Has Insight Into Market With Potential Blockbuster Drugs Amgen Could Gouge 'Top Pick' AbbVie With Humira Biosimilar: Jefferies Dow Leads As Trump Sworn In, But Stocks Close Lower For The Week Bristol-Myers Dives On Opdivo Setback, Will Get Keytruda Royalties Stocks Fall Off Highs; Trump Sworn In As President Stocks Up Nicely In Early Trade; Apple Shrugs Off China Trade Talk Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 44-52 We set you thinking Saturday 28 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Syrian army takes over water spring near Damascus: Hezbollah-run media unit 1485595149 World No time to create walls between nations: Iran's Rouhani 1485594578 World U.N. agencies urge Trump to allow refugees entry 1485595345 China&India China brands take over India’s smartphone market 1485594997 World Poland wants Merkel on its side in reforming EU: PM Szydlo 1485594224 World 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills 1485591360 China&India China to spend US$37 billion to tackle growing waste problem 1485593206 World Trump to call Japan’s Abe, other world leaders on Saturday 1485590460 World For Chinese New Year, Malaysian PM Najib hopes for a better economy, unity in Malaysia 1485588999 World 16,500 summonses issued during Malaysia’s Chinese New Year enforcement operation 1485588101 World Divided Koreans pay respect to ancestors 1485586306 World Trump bars refugees and citizens of 7 Muslim countries 1485583903 World Plenty of room for ‘bad dudes’ at Guantanamo 1485583305 China&India China marks Lunar New Year with prayers, incense, fireworks 1485582108 World Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK 1485580901 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485574348 Business Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei 1485573177 Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources 1485572257 World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. 1485571574 Business Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing 1485566739 World Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump 1485566708 World Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House 1485565285 World Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm 1485563692 World Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains 1485562401 Business Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico 1485562735 Business Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft 1485561920 Business Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers 1485560447 Business Facebook CEO, facing wave of criticism, stops attempt to force Hawaii land sale 1485558748 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT 1485558913 World Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions 1485555742 Business Energy pipelines back in investor favor after Trump orders 1485558154 Business Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension 1485557390 Business Mexico's Slim calls Trump negotiator 'not Terminator' 1485557674 Business Border tax ideas roil oil markets, favor Gulf Coast refiners 1485558333 Business Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings 1485552061 World British PM May to raise trade, security with Turkey's Erdogan 1485556449 Business CMBS tied to Trump son-in-law sails through market 1485556130 Business Senator says U.S. Labor Department dismantled website for Wells Fargo workers 1485556384 World Trump says Mexican imports tax one option but others possible 1485557184 World Trump's unpredictability already troubles U.S. friends 1485556617 Business GM, Honda to announce fuel cell technology advance: sources 1485554936 World No U.S. review of treaties, U.N. funding at this time: admin official 1485555537 World North Korea appears to have restarted plutonium reactor: think tank 1485554908 World Fillon's French presidential bid may be hurt by probe into wife's work 1485541015 Business Bosch, Cisco, BNY Mellon, others launch new blockchain consortium 1485553255 Business U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade 1485552656 Business GM to cut 625 jobs in Canada, move some work to Mexico: union 1485546292 World Swedish ex-finance minister and tycoon named suspects in bribery case 1485550775 World Security official: Mexican cartels inspired horrors in Brazil prison carnage 1485548308 World Holocaust Memorial selfie-takers apologize to Israeli shamer 1485548242 Business Merck reveals seven years of its U.S. drug price increase history mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, January 28, 2017 Merck & Co <MRK.N> on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signaled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumors command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N> on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie <ABBV.N> became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Zodiac family silver key to $9 billion Safran tie-up Yahoo beats Wall Street view, sees Verizon deal closing in second quarter Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Whirlpool to cut 500 EMEA jobs in dryer manufacturing unit Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Wells Fargo to stop giving branches advance notice of inspections Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Wall Street Week Ahead: Optimism among S&P 500 CEOs as Trump takes power Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street ends higher as Trump becomes president Inside Today World Poland wants Merkel on its side in reforming EU: PM Szydlo U.N. agencies urge Trump to allow refugees entry 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills Trump to call Japan’s Abe, other world leaders on Saturday For Chinese New Year, Malaysian PM Najib hopes for a better economy, unity in Malaysia Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Sports Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Tampines Rovers and head coach Akbar part ways Only Venus Williams stands in the way of Serena making history Bolt stripped of gold after Jamaica team mate Carter tests positive Entertainment Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend Elton John to turn Devil Wears Prada into musical Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested outside New York City museum Radio veteran Melson stayed connected with listeners About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors DidYouKnow Newsroom diaries 2016: How we covered the year's big stories Firstpost . Saturday, January 28, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Pune civic polls to see no alliances as BJP-Shiv Sena snap ties Punjab Election 2017: Navjot Singh Sidhu's switchover has given Congress a second wind Punjab Election 2017: Arvind Kejriwal calls Narendra Modi vindictive, blames EC for promoting bribery Jammu and Kashmir: National Conference, Congress oppose resolution on Hari Singh Uttar Pradesh Election 2017: RLD releases 8th list of candidates for polls Goa Election 2017: Congress promises 'clean governance', hopes to return to power Sports Live Australian Open 2017, Day 13: Serena Williams wins 1st over sister Venus in final Live Big Bash League 2016/17 final, Perth Scorchers vs Sydney Sixers: Sydney struggling to score Bundesliga: Hoffenheim’s fairytale run is a reflection of coach Julian Nagelsmann's zealous philosophy India vs England, 2nd T20: Yuzvendra Chahal plans to capitalise on big boundaries using flighted deliveries I-League 2017: Churchill Brothers come from behind to stun 10-man Bengaluru FC Australian Open 2017: Watch all 8 Serena vs Venus Williams Grand Slam finals at a glance India Trapping a predator: How Sunil Rastogi, 'India's worst paedophile', was finally brought to book BJP leader Ranjit Das' remark on hoisting tricolour upside down the latest in party gaffes Vijay Mallya blames govt policies, economic conditions for collapse of Kingfisher Airlines Tax payer hopes from Budget soar; with ball in Jaitley's court, will he score a goal or self-goal? Demystifying Budgets: This website helps you make sense of the numbers haze Songs of freedom: Jailed for 4 years, Kabir Kala Manch members are now ready with new music World Mark Zuckerberg criticises Donald Trump's, says US a 'nation of immigrants' South Asian lawyers group condemn Donald Trump's order on Muslim ban, will challenge it in court Donald Trump bans Muslim refugees, signs executive order to keep radicals out of US John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee, actor of 'The Elephant Man' and 'Harry Potter' was 77 Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: Donald Trump is 'negotiator, not Terminator' Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Donald Trump order on refugees, says don't turn your back on defenceless children Business Vijay Mallya-Kingfisher case: Not just bankers, UPA too have a lot of explaining to do Tax payer hopes from Budget soar; with ball in Jaitley's court, will he score a goal or self-goal? GST on the anvil: Budget can clear the air over input tax credit, unutilised education cess Demystifying Budgets: This website helps you make sense of the numbers haze IIT-Bombay's two-day E-Summit to encourage budding entrepreneurs starts today Budget should clear uncertainty over GAAR and other tax treaties to woo foreign investors Life Mumbai Pride Parade: Not just a symbol of protest, it is a celebration of who we are Amish Tripathi: For books to achieve mass success in India, stories need to connect with our roots Confessions of a first timer: Agony and ecstasy of being a panelist at the Jaipur Literature Festival Songs of freedom: Jailed for 4 years, Kabir Kala Manch members are now ready with new music Nita Ambani honoured by the Met, New York, for Reliance Foundation's philanthropic initiatives Entertainment Kaabil vs Raees: An honest Shah Rukh Khan fan will admit Hrithik's film is better Kaatru Veliyidai: Celebrating 25 years of Mani Ratnam, A R Rahman's musical partnership Bigg Boss 10 finale: How the controversial show unfolded over ten seasons Sanjay Leela Bhansali attacked on Padmavati set: Bollywood appalled; takes to Twitter Raam Reddy interview: On Thithi clones, unconditioning and life after a great debut film Raees vs Kaabil: Shah Rukh Khan responds to Rakesh Roshan's angry claims Photos Videos Budget 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors You are here: Latest News Fwire News Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history | Reuters ReutersJan, 28 2017 01:15:04 IST #Reuters By Bill Berkrot Merck & Co (MRK.N) on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market.Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder."Other pharmaceutical companies have also signalled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic tmsnrt.rs/2katwVwThe pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year.Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumours command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent.The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them.Earlier this month, AbbVie (ABBV.N) became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Also See Australia look to spin, versatility, to turn India tide | Reuters Premier League - Chelsea, Spurs and Arsenal enjoy big wins | Reuters SpaceX returns to flight, sending satellites into orbit | Reuters One China principle is non-negotiable - Beijing | Reuters Top Stories Trapping a predator: How Sunil Rastogi, 'India's worst paedophile', was finally brought to book Mallya Mails: Did ex-PMO Show Special Interest in Keeping KFA Flying? Punjab Election 2017: Arvind Kejriwal calls Narendra Modi vindictive, blames EC for promoting bribery Live Big Bash League 2016/17 final, Perth Scorchers vs Sydney Sixers: Sydney struggling to score NRIs can exchange old notes till June 30: A step by step guide Kaabil vs Raees: An honest Shah Rukh Khan fan will admit Hrithik's film is better Donald Trump bans Muslim refugees, signs executive order to keep radicals out of US Vijay Mallya-Kingfisher case: Not just bankers, UPA too have a lot of explaining to do Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 England beat India by 7 wickets United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series, 2017 United Arab Emirates beat Hong Kong by 6 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Australia beat Pakistan by 57 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 Sri Lanka beat South Africa by 5 wickets United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series, 2017 United Arab Emirates beat Scotland by 4 wickets Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 Sri Lanka beat South Africa by 3 wickets England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 England beat India by 5 runs United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series, 2017 Hong Kong beat Scotland by 7 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Australia beat Pakistan by 86 runs England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Jan 29th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 NZ vs AUS - Jan 30th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 1st, 2017, 05:00 PM IST England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Feb 1st, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 NZ vs AUS - Feb 2nd, 2017, 06:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 4th, 2017, 05:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 NZ vs AUS - Feb 5th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 7th, 2017, 05:00 PM IST Bangladesh in India, Only Test, 2017 IND vs BAN - Feb 9th, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 10th, 2017, 05:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Trump bars refugees and citizens of 7 Muslim countries Fact check: President Trump’s first week of inaccurate statements Here’s where a Mexican trade war might hit you When it comes to Roger Goodell, Tom Brady’s father doesn’t hold back Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Independence is a constant challenge for cancer drug startups E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Jonathan Wiggs/Globe Staff Neon Therapeutics chief executive Hugh O’Dowd came to the Cambridge company last year from Novartis. By Robert Weisman Globe Staff  January 27, 2017 Where are all the Massachusetts cancer drug companies going? A series of buyouts and setbacks this month — including a $5.2 billion takeover of Cambridge’s Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc. — has dimmed hopes for an emerging cluster of independent biotechs developing and marketing cancer treatments locally. Advertisement Ariad’s sale to Takeda Pharmaceuticals Inc. gave the Japanese company an approved blood cancer drug and a promising lung cancer drug candidate that is being reviewed by regulators. It followed an agreement by another Cambridge company, Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc., to sell its approved treatment for pancreatic cancer to Ipsen SA of France for $575 million. “There’s an enormous amount of oncology expertise here, and a large concentration of cancer research grants,” said biopharma consultant Jonathan Gertler, cofounder and chief executive of Back Bay Life Science Advisors in Boston. “[But] ultimately everybody is for sale. The majority of small biotech companies, if successful, will eventually be acquired.” Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Ariad and Merrimack weren’t the only companies spinning off cancer drugs. Boston’s Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., one of the state’s largest standalone biotechs, licensed its entire pipeline of four experimental cancer drugs to German drug maker Merck KGaA. Merck, like Takeda and Ipsen, has research and commercial operations in Massachusetts, doing business here under its US name EMD Serono. All three companies are making a push into a cancer drug market dominated by Big Pharma stalwarts such as Roche AG, Novartis AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., and AstraZeneca PLC. But the ultimate decisions on drug programs for those companies are made outside Massachusetts, often overseas. By cultivating a homegrown cluster of cancer drug companies, some believe, Massachusetts could more easily capitalize on research breakthroughs made at local academic labs, build a tier of top executives with the autonomy and ability to make moves quickly, and cement a leadership position in the field as promising medicines that target specific cancer mutations begin to emerge. Advertisement A broader collection of standalone cancer drug makers is key for the state’s biotech sector’s continued growth, just as cancer drug companies like Genentech Inc. have long fueled the industry in California, said David Schenkein, a Genentech veteran who is now chief executive of Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc. in Cambridge, which is trying to treat tumors and rare genetic diseases by fixing metabolic irregularities that might cause the conditions. “It’s critically important to the long-term health of the industry that companies like ours — with multiple investigational medicines heading for the market — grow and thrive,” Schenkein said. “Smaller companies are much more likely to take science risks and challenge dogmas than the larger companies. Our goal from the beginning is to be a long-term independent company with multiple products helping patients. We want to be another Genentech.” In some cases, the recent deals are simply the price of success. Turning away attractive buyout offers isn’t easy, particularly at public companies with investors eager for big payouts, but many top executives at smaller cancer drug developers say they’d prefer to stay independent. Hugh O’Dowd, recruited from Novartis last year to be chief executive of Neon Therapeutics Inc. in Cambridge, said he was drawn by the chance to develop custom-tailored cancer vaccines and build a sustainable company. The idea, he said, is for Neon to develop and market its own drugs. At the same time, O’Dowd said, smaller companies face formidable obstacles in their quest to remain unattached. One is the ability to build their own sales forces outside the large markets in the United States and Europe, he said. Pharmaceutical giants, by contrast, have far-flung commercial businesses across Asia and the developing world, and can easily fold new medicines acquired from small companies into those existing sales channels. For startups and established companies alike, a major draw for the Boston area are research hospitals like the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, where scientists experiment and doctors run clinical trials with the latest therapies. More than a dozen startups and early stage biotechs have sprung up in Massachusetts seeking to commercialize a range of approaches to cancer treatments, from targeted gene therapies to drugs that stimulate the immune system to fight tumors. Among the drug developers, most initially backed by venture capital, are Agios, Bluebird Bio Inc., Blueprint Medicines Corp., Constellation Pharmaceuticals Inc., Epizyme Inc., Jounce Therapeutics Inc., Mersana Therapeutics Inc., Neon, Replimune Inc., Surface Oncology Inc., Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc., Tesaro Inc., and X4 Pharmaceuticals Inc. But this month’s transactions call into question how quickly this pack of independent cancer drug developers can transform themselves into commercial companies. Some research setbacks have added to the uncertainty. Merrimack continues as a research company, but last month it halted a clinical trial of a breast cancer drug when an independent panel found the treatment probably wouldn’t work better than those already available. And earlier this month, US regulators delayed ruling on a new intravenous version of Tesaro’s treatment for chemotherapy-related nausea until the Waltham company provides more information about a pair of its manufacturing subcontractors. Food and Drug Administration officials have granted priority review to another Tesaro drug, which treats ovarian cancer. Some executives say the critical task for drug makers seeking to keep their independence — and the juncture at which many stumble — is winning approval of their second drug. “History says it’s hard to have an enduring company if you just have one product on the market,” said Nancy Simonian, chief executive of Cambridge-based Syros, which is developing drugs that regulate cancer-causing genes. “Getting product two and product three on the market is very important. You want to be able to invest money into your research and development engine to keep the innovation going.” Robert Weisman can be reached at robert.weisman@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @GlobeRobW. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Trump bars refugees and citizens of 7 Muslim countries Fact check: President Trump’s first week of inaccurate statements Here’s where a Mexican trade war might hit you When it comes to Roger Goodell, Tom Brady’s father doesn’t hold back Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 2:01 A.M. ET Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 12:00 A.M. ET Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 12:00 A.M. ET Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/27 Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 1/27 Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 1/27 Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 1/27 Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 1/27 Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 1/27 How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 1/27 Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 1/27 Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 1/27 Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 1/27 Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 1/27 Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Intel 1/27 Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 1/27 Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 1/27 Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Skittles Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Industries Pharmaceuticals The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Merck will release average drug price increases to ‘provide greater transparency’ By Peter Loftus Published: Jan 27, 2017 9:48 a.m. ET Share Average list prices increased by 9.6%, with an average net price increase of 5.5%, the drugmaker said Getty Images Merck said it would release average list and net price increases on Friday. By PeterLoftus Merck & Co. is the latest drug company to offer more detail about its U.S. pricing practices amid widespread criticism of the pharmaceutical industry’s price increases in recent years. The company is slated to release figures on its website Friday showing the average list-price increase across Merck’s MRK, +0.90%  brand-name drugs and vaccines ranged from 7.4% in 2010 to a peak of 10.5% in 2014. The average increase in its net prices, which reflects the discounts the company gives insurers, ranged from 3.4% in 2010 to a peak of 6.2% in 2012, the company said. Last year, Merck raised list prices by an average of 9.6%, with an average net price increase of 5.5%. Merck isn’t releasing its product-by-product price increases. Robert McMahon, president of Merck’s U.S. market, said in an interview there are competitive issues with releasing product-specific information. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ: Trump’s Little Mexican War U.S.-Mexico Rift Deepens Over Trade Threat, Canceled Meeting More from MarketWatch Johnson & Johnson’s lackluster sales shove it into drug-pricing debate Grilled by Democrats on health care plans, HHS Secretary nominee Tom Price reveals nothing On Obamacare, President Trump told Republicans ‘let it explode’ Quote References MRK +0.55 +0.90% Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $61.75 +0.55 (+0.90%) Volume 6.6M Open $61.38 High $61.99 Low $61.30 P/E Ratio 31.51 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 168.7B LatestNews
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo ReutersJanuary 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The office tower of the headquarters of Swiss drugmaker Roche is seen in Basel, Switzerland, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd WiegmannMore ZURICH (Reuters) - Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. On Thursday, Bristol-Myers managers said Tecentriq is grabbing market share from its I/O drug Opdivo for second-line non-small-cell lung cancer, one factor that forced them to cut their 2017 earnings forecast. "Most of our erosion in second line has been attributable to" Tecentriq, Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers's chief commercial officer, told analysts. "We gave up about 10 points of market share." Merck's Keytruda drug is also taking patients away from Opdivo, Bristol-Myers said. The U.S.-based company's muted Opdivo outlook underscores why analysts predict Roche, when it announces full-year 2016 results on Feb. 1, will confirm Tecentriq sales have accelerated, particularly since its initial approval for bladder cancer in May was expanded in October to cover lung cancer. "Tecentriq continues to show strong launch trends in the fourth quarter 2016," wrote Jeffrey Holford, a Jefferies analyst. "We have been surprised on the upside by its launch." Life sciences consultancy IMS estimates Tecentriq's May-September sales for bladder cancer hit nearly $70 million, but that does not include lung cancer figures, the biggest cancer market. Roche declined to provide sales numbers, saying only "we can confirm that we have seen a good launch of Tecentriq". Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda work by helping the immune system recognize tumors that cloak themselves against detection. Roche and Bristol-Myers drugs are approved for use after other lung cancer treatments fail, while Keytruda has the FDA's blessing as an initial treatment and is now seeking the go-ahead for combination therapy with chemotherapy, which Merck contends puts it in the pole position in the I/O race. (Reporting by John Miller; editing by Jason Neely) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Eric Decker Shows Off Wife Jessie James' Insanely Fit Bikini Body on Mexican Vacation -- See the Pics! 93 messages10%70%20% Score Big Savings Before the Big Game at Magnolia! Best BuySponsored A Look Back at TV Icon Mary Tyler Moore's Legacy Jerry Seinfeld Slammed for ‘Black’s Life Matters’ Tweet 6159 messages7%62%31% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1026 messages5%57%38% New Trump Coin Breaks Every Sales Record DonaldCoins.comSponsored 'Sister Wives' Daughter on Coming Out as Gay to Her Family Mischa Barton Out of Hospital, Says She Was Drugged While Drinking: ‘This Is a Lesson to All Young Women’ 497 messages4%73%23% $2 Billion of Retail Fraud Could Be Ruining Nordstrom’s Legendary Return Policy 18 messages0%62%38% Harness the full power of the internet with Fios Verizon FiosSponsored Should You Be Worried About The 'Death Asteroid' Headed Towards Earth? 165 messages3%70%27% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 961 messages9%17%74% At Anti-Abortion Rally in D.C., Feelings of Triumph 1 messages0%0%100% Megyn Kelly Confirms Rumors NoozleySponsored Police Are Warning Against This Scary New Phone Scam 189 messages5%81%14% Kellyanne Conway Throws Shade at Women Who Wear Black Stretch Pants 7445 messages7%60%33% AP FACT CHECK: Trump wrong that 2 killed during Obama speech Randian: Why does he lie so much?? This is our President? We elected a clown! LOL!!! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 486 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Health Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. Posted 27 Jan 2017 19:15 The office tower of the headquarters of Swiss drugmaker Roche is seen in Basel, Switzerland, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann Enlarge Caption  Email More A A ZURICH: Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. On Thursday, Bristol-Myers managers said Tecentriq is grabbing market share from its I/O drug Opdivo for second-line non-small-cell lung cancer, one factor that forced them to cut their 2017 earnings forecast. "Most of our erosion in second line has been attributable to" Tecentriq, Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers's chief commercial officer, told analysts. "We gave up about 10 points of market share." Merck's Keytruda drug is also taking patients away from Opdivo, Bristol-Myers said. The U.S.-based company's muted Opdivo outlook underscores why analysts predict Roche, when it announces full-year 2016 results on Feb. 1, will confirm Tecentriq sales have accelerated, particularly since its initial approval for bladder cancer in May was expanded in October to cover lung cancer. "Tecentriq continues to show strong launch trends in the fourth quarter 2016," wrote Jeffrey Holford, a Jefferies analyst. "We have been surprised on the upside by its launch." Life sciences consultancy IMS estimates Tecentriq's May-September sales for bladder cancer hit nearly US$70 million, but that does not include lung cancer figures, the biggest cancer market. Roche declined to provide sales numbers, saying only "we can confirm that we have seen a good launch of Tecentriq". Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda work by helping the immune system recognize tumors that cloak themselves against detection. Roche and Bristol-Myers drugs are approved for use after other lung cancer treatments fail, while Keytruda has the FDA's blessing as an initial treatment and is now seeking the go-ahead for combination therapy with chemotherapy, which Merck contends puts it in the pole position in the I/O race. (Reporting by John Miller; editing by Jason Neely) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 33° Mostly cloudy High: 40° | Low: 29° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted January 26 Updated January 26 increase font size Court rules Newport mother can’t win damages for failed birth control procedure A clinic failed to implant a temporary birth control device, but the state's highest court rules Kayla Doherty's claim falls short of standards set out in state law. By Colin EllisMorning Sentinel Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-861-9253 Share Comment Read Article The Maine Supreme Judicial Court ruled Thursday that a Newport woman who gave birth after a health center failed to install a temporary birth control device may not recover damages from an Albion health center or the device’s manufacturer. Kayla Doherty gave birth to a healthy boy in June 2014, when she was 21. But she had visited a federally supported health care center in February 2012 to have an implantable birth control drug manufactured by Merck inserted into her arm. The device is designed to be effective for at least three years by inhibiting ovulation. Upon learning she was pregnant, she was examined and told the device had never been implanted. She gave birth in June 2014. Doherty filed suit against Merck on claims of “strict product liability, breach of warranty, negligence, and negligent misrepresentation”; and against the United States for negligence of the physician. She sought $250,000 in damages. Both Merck and the government moved to dismiss the complaints on the grounds that a healthy child is not a legally recognized injury, and that Doherty’s failed procedure did not meet the legal standard for a failed sterilization procedure that would allow her to claim damages under the state’s wrongful-birth statute. The statute says, in part, that it is contrary to public policy to award damages for the birth or rearing of a healthy child. It says a person may claim relief if a failed sterilization procedure – a medical or surgical procedure that alters the body “for the purpose of permanently ending the possibility of procreation” – results in the birth of a healthy child, with damages awarded for medical expenses and loss of earnings. The court said Doherty’s claim did not meet the standards of the statute, in part because temporary birth-control implants such as the one Doherty believed had been inserted into her arm are not legally recognized as sterilization procedures. Colin Ellis can be contacted at 861-9253 or at: [email protected] Twitter: @colinoellis Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Recent Read Shared Friday's girls' roundup: Gray-NG defeats York in basketball Friday's college roundup: USM tops UMass-Boston in men's hockey Friday's boys' roundup: Thornton earns victory over Gorham in basketball John Hurt, British actor who played desperate, eccentric characters, dies at 77 Boys' basketball: Yarmouth upends Cape Elizabeth Sen. Angus King to vote against Betsy DeVos as education secretary Federal agency makes it clear: Even legal marijuana users can't buy guns Police consider charging Portland man who crashed into Downeaster train with 2 kids in car Police identify couple found dead in Standish home Nor'easter disrupts Maine with a 'messy, mixed bag' of winter weather An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Sterile Filtration Global Market Trend, Research Approach, Data Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Sterile Filtration Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 28, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Sterile Filtration Market is accounted for $4.12 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.57 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 12.7% during the forecast period. Factors such as increasing prevalence of diabetes & kidney failure, enhanced R&D funding and growing demand for biopharmaceutical molecules are driving the market growth. However, strict government rules for validation of filtration process may hamper the market. The emerging markets will provide new growth opportunities for this market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/sterile-filtration-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Pharmaceutical & biotechnology segment dominated the global market with largest share in 2015. This is attributed to the more usage of sterile filtration techniques in manufacturing process involved in pharmaceutical & biotechnology companies. North America accounted for largest share in the global market owing to increased R&D spending. Some of the key players in Sterile Filtration market include Starlab Scientific Co., Ltd., 3M, Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A., Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, Merck & Co., Inc., Sterlitech Corporation, General Electric Company, Pall Corporation, Porvair Filtration Group and Parker Hannifin Corp. Applications Covered: - Fill-finish Process o Syrups o Large-volume Parenterals o Small-volume Parenterals - Virus Filtration - Bioprocesses o Bioburden Control o Cell Culture Growth Media o Vaccines o Recombinant Proteins o Pharma Drugs o Buffer Filtration o Other Bioprocesses - Pre-Filtration - Utilities Filtration o Water o Air and Gas - Other Applications Membrane Pore Sizes Covered: - 0.45 Microns - 0.22 Microns - 0.1 Micron Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564979/sample End Users Covered: - Food & Beverage Industry - Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Companies - Water Filtration Companies - Academic Institutes & Research Laboratories Products Covered: - Bottle-top Vacuum Filters - Filtration Accessories - Cartridge & Capsules - Membrane Filters o PVDF Membrane Filters o MCE Membrane Filters o PES Membrane Filters o Cellulose Acetate Membrane Filters o Nylon Membrane Filters o PTFE Membrane Filters - Filter Funnels & Holders - Syringe Filters - Other Products Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 11.1 Starlab Scientific Co., Ltd. 11.2 3M 11.3 Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. 11.4 Sigma-Aldrich Corporation 11.5 Merck & Co., Inc. 11.6 Sterlitech Corporation 11.7 General Electric Company 11.8 Pall Corporation 11.9 Porvair Filtration Group 11.10 Parker Hannifin Corp Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564979/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Single-Cell Analysis Global Market, By Product & Data Validation, 2016 Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Single-Cell Analysis Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 28, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Single-Cell Analysis market is estimated at $1.22 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $4.25 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 19.5% from 2015 to 2022. Growing Geriatric Population, Government initiatives for research and development and technological advancements are the factors driving the market growth. On the other hand, high initial investment is hampering the market. Encouragement in Stem Cell Research is opportunity for market growth. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/single-cell-analysis-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Consumables in product segment accounted for the largest share and is expected to grow exponentially with highest CAGR, owing to the repeated purchase of products. By geography, North America captured largest market share because of increase in government support for R&D and establishment of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. However, Asia Pacific region is estimated to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period owing to healthy growth in R&D and increase in medical tourism in the region. Some of the key players in the market include Merck KGAA, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Johnson & Johnson, Beckman Coulter Inc. (A Subsidiary of Danaher Corporation), EMD Millipore Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Epic Sciences, Fluidigm Corporation, Laboratory Corp. of America Inc., Illumina, Inc., Nanostring Technologies, Inc., Ge Healthcare, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Nugen Technologies Inc., Qiagen N.V. and Agilent Technologies, Inc. Applications Covered: - Medical Applications o Circulating Tumor Cells (CTCS) o Noninvasive Prenatal Diagnosis o in Vitro Fertilization - Research Applications o Stem Cells o Cancer o Neurology o Immunology o Other Applications Products Covered: - Instruments o Microscopes o Cell Microarrays o Flow Cytometers o Spectrophotometers o Hcs Systems o NGS Systems o Cell Counters o PCR Instruments o Others Instruments - Consumables o Assay Kits  Cell-Based Assays  Immunoassays o Beads o Reagents o Microplates o Other Consumables Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001565007/sample Cell Types Covered: - Microbial Cells - Human Cells - Animal Cells End Users Covered: - Cell Banks and IVF Centers - Research & Academic Laboratories - Hospitals and Diagnostic Laboratories - Biotechnology and Biopharmaceutical Companies Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 11.1 Merck KGAA 11.2 Becton, Dickinson and Company 11.3 Johnson & Johnson 11.4 Beckman Coulter Inc. (A Subsidiary of Danaher Corporation) 11.5 EMD Millipore Corporation 11.6 Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. 11.7 Epic Sciences 11.8 Fluidigm Corporation 11.9 Laboratory Corp. of America Inc. 11.10 Illumina, Inc. 11.11 Nanostring Technologies, Inc. 11.12 Ge Healthcare 11.13 Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. 11.14 Nugen Technologies Inc. 11.15 Qiagen N.V. 11.16 Agilent Technologies, Inc. Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001565007/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Roundtable Barron’s 2017 Roundtable, Part 3: 17 Picks From Three Pros Oscar Schafer, Brian Rogers, and Abby Joseph Cohen share their top investment ideas for 2017. By Lauren R. Rublin Biography January 28, 2017 Tables: 2016 Roundtable Report Card 2016 Mid-Year Roundtable Report Card A rising tide supposedly lifts all boats, but that isn’t always the case on Wall Street. Even as the market breached another big, round milestone last week—Dow 20,000, we’re looking at you—plenty of stocks were beached by management missteps, corporate... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Warren Buffett’s $2.95 Breakfast Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. How Tesla Could Profit Off Its CEO’s Ties to Donald Trump Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. China’s Fake Bonds Flash Enron Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 2 Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 3 Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In HCR appoints Cooper as MD and chief medical officer January 27, 2017 By Iris Dorbian HealthCare Royalty Partners has hired Warren Cooper as managing director and chief medical officer. Cooper is the former CEO of Prism Pharmaceuticals. Also, the firm has promoted John Urquhart to principal and Anthony Rapsomanikis to vice president. Urquhart first joined HCR in 2007 and then later rejoined the company in 2012 after receiving his M.B.A. while Rapsomanikis came on board in 2012. PRESS RELEASE STAMFORD, Conn. & SAN FRANCISCO & BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–HealthCare Royalty Partners (“HCR”) today announced several firm developments: New Chief Medical Officer: As of January 2017, Dr. Warren Cooper has assumed the role of Managing Director and Chief Medical Officer at HCR. Dr. Cooper initially joined the team in 2016, consulting as an Industry Advisor. Dr. Cooper is a UK-trained physician with over 35 years of experience in the global pharmaceutical industry. HCR’s senior professionals have known Dr. Cooper for over a decade, working closely with him when he served as CEO of Prism Pharmaceuticals (“Prism”), a portfolio company at their prior firm. Prism was a specialty pharmaceutical company that developed the antiarrhythmic agent NEXTERONE, and was ultimately acquired by Baxter International in 2011 for $338 million. Prior to serving as CEO of Prism, Dr. Cooper spent 12 years with Merck, initially as a UK clinical research physician, then as head of European and subsequently Worldwide Clinical Research Operations. Dr. Cooper also previously led AstraMerck’s (now AstraZeneca PLC) cardiovascular division. HCR looks forward to drawing on Dr. Cooper’s tremendous clinical, regulatory and operational experience as it evaluates new investment opportunities. Investment Professional Promotions: HCR has promoted John Urquhart to a Principal of the firm. Mr. Urquhart was among the first employees at HCR, joining the firm as an analyst in 2007 and re-joining in 2012 after receiving his M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Urquhart has over a decade of healthcare investing experience in the royalty and structured finance market. HCR has also promoted Anthony Rapsomanikis to Vice President. Mr. Rapsomanikis joined HCR as an Associate in 2012, and was promoted to Director of West Coast Business Development after establishing the firm’s San Francisco office in 2015. The San Francisco office launched HCR’s strategic initiative to regionalize its business development efforts and better serve the needs of counterparties in key geographic areas. “John and Tony’s promotions are well deserved and serve as recognition of their growth and contributions to the firm over the past several years,” commented Clarke Futch, co-founder and Chairman of the Investment Committee at HCR. Regional Office Expansion: HCR is pleased to announce its plans to open a Boston, MA office in the first half of 2017, which will be led by John Urquhart. Mr. Urquhart will work closely with Clarke Futch, Paul Hadden (Managing Director – Business Development) and the rest of the senior investment team, most of whom will continue to be based in the firm’s headquarters in Stamford, CT. Paul Hadden commented, “The opening of our Boston office follows the success of HCR’s San Francisco office opening in 2015 and furthers our goal of strengthening local coverage and relationships in the key life science and R&D centers. Recent data shows that Boston and the San Francisco / Bay Area each garnered about one-third of all biotech venture capital investment in 2016 and it is important for us to continue to focus on these markets.” About HealthCare Royalty Partners HCR is a private investment firm that purchases royalties and uses debt-like structures to invest in commercial or near-commercial stage life science assets. HCR has $3.4 billion in cumulative capital commitments and is headquartered in Stamford, CT. Over the past decade, HCR’s senior professionals have completed more than 60 healthcare investments. For more information, visit www.healthcareroyalty.com. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: customerservice@buyoutsinsider.com. Top Posts Sun Capital ups four to MD by Iris Dorbian McKesson to buy CoverMyMeds for $1.1 bln by Luisa Beltran Time Warner Investments appoints Goldberg as SVP by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Lloyd Jones, Millstein & Co., Neuberger Berman are hiring by Eamon Murphy PE-backed Solera buys Digidentity by Iris Dorbian Thoma Bravo to acquire Planview by Iris Dorbian Summit Partners promotes two to MD and two to principal by Iris Dorbian Is Trump vs. VCs a battle to come? by Alastair Goldfisher © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Apple, Amazon and the Fed all compete for attention in the week ahead Patti Domm | @pattidomm 9 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Tech's moment of truth    11 Hours Ago | 06:21 Markets will be busy with economic reports and earnings, but Washington could continue to overshadow even the monthly jobs report and the Fed in the week ahead. Earnings from Apple, Amazon.com, Facebook and major drug companies Merck and Pfizer are among the dozens of companies reporting earnings. The Fed meets Tuesday and Wednesday and while no action is expected, the statement is expected to sound a little more hawkish as it looks forward to rate hikes. The January employment report Friday is the highlight of a heavy data calendar, which also includes personal income and spending Monday, the employment cost index Tuesday and car sales and ISM manufacturing data Wednesday. President Donald Trump wrapped his first week in office with a flurry of executive orders, tackling everything the Affordable Care Act to energy infrastructure to immigration. He met with U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May in his first official meeting with a head of state. Trump did rattle Mexico over the $60 billion annual trade deficit the U.S. has with Mexico, and as the administration engaged in talks with Mexican officials, the president got into an exchange with the president of Mexico over who would pay for a wall along the southern U.S. border. After an awkward diplomatic moment, the two presidents talked and then issued a conciliatory joint statement about how they will continue to talk. Markets took all of it in stride, and stocks ended the week with gains. The Dow, over 21,000 for the first time, ended the week at 20,093, up 1.3 percent for the week, while the S&P 500, above 2,300 briefly, ended the week at 2,294, up 1 percent. show chapters US economy will 'surprise' to the downside this year: Pro    20 Hours Ago | 01:27 Sixty-six percent of the S&P 500 companies reporting earnings so far have beaten estimates, and profit growth is coming in at about 6.8 percent, according to Thomson Reuters. "The Fed, I think will be a reminder that the Fed is still going to be an important ingredient in the market's performance this year. Next week, there's no press conference and I would expect the language in the statement that comes out after the meeting to sound roughly balanced. That's what we were left with last time," said Leo Grohowski, chief investment officer at BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Grohowski said there's a low chance of a hike even at the Fed's March meeting but he does see two to three rate hikes this year. "Nothing [on rate hikes] until June, but therein lies the potential risk. Most of the focus next week will be on employment but over the course of the week I'm watching inflation. That's something we have to keep an eye on," Grohowski said. Wages have begun to rise, and CPI headline inflation crossed 2 percent last month for the first time in two years. "We get a couple of important reports. There's a PCE report [Monday] and the wage report in the employment report" on Friday, he said. Amherst Pierpont chief economist Stephen Stanley said he's also watching the inflation data, and expects to see average hourly wages rise by about 0.3 percent in Friday's employment report. He expects 165,000 nonfarm payrolls. "165,00 is pretty similar to what we've seen in the last two to three months of 2016. I think the labor markets have gotten tight so it's going to be difficult to see big gains at this point," said Stanley. "The wage numbers are going to be trending higher. They moved in a pretty definitive way last year. We're at the point in my view, where we're past full employment. We've seen wages rising." Traders say Washington will be the big focus again next week, and markets are looking for information on the Trump programs that have driven stocks higher. They are also cautiously watching for any developments on trade that could seem protectionist. They will also be watching for any news from Trump's separate weekend phone calls with Russian President Vladimir Putin and the leaders of Germany and France. "I'm amazed at how under control the volatility has been in the face of these daily headlines," said Grohowski. "In the bigger picture, that's been one surprise ... how the market broadly speaking has remained calm when you think of measures like the VIX. When I think of the year unfolding it could be extremely dangerous to extrapolate out anything resembling a calm, low volatility environment." The VIX, the CBOE's volatility index, declined 8 percent in the past week to end at 10.58, hitting a three-year low Friday. "I sense there's still an awful lot of cash sitting on the sidelines," said Grohowski. "There's as much anxiety about missing the next leg higher, as there is about protecting for a downside scenario." Grohowski is targeting 2,350 for the S&P 500, not much higher this year. Opposite 2016, he said the market could perform better in the first part of the year, rather than the last. He said the market is focused on policy, particularly tax reform, and there could be a misstep a long the way that drives it lower. Analysts have been concerned that the trade talk could begin to sound protectionist and result in tariffs. The White House, in fact, raised the idea of a 20 percent import tax on Mexican goods as one idea on Thursday. "While we feel better about the earnings outlook, I do feel creeping into sentiment, more expectations. I'm calling this year, it's going to be a 'show me.' I think there's still expectations driving this market higher," he said. "It's going to be show me the tax reform, show me the regulatory ease. There's a lot of expectations building up." What to Watch Monday Earnings: Enterprise Products, Booz Allen Hamilton, General Growth Properties, Leggett & Platt, Reinsurance Group of America, Crane, Graco 8:30 a.m. Personal income 8:30 a.m. Consumer spending 10:00 a.m. Pending home sales 10:30 a.m. Dallas Fed manufacturing Tuesday Earnings: Apple, Eli Lilly, Exxon Mobil, MasterCard, Pfizer, Simon Property Group, UPS, Aetna, AmerisourceBergen, CIT Group, Coach, Danaher, Harley-Davidson, HCA, Nasdaq OMX, Nomura Holdings, Nucor, Paccar, Pentair, Sprint, Thermo Fisher, Under Armour, Aflac, Valero Energy, Xerox, Anadarko, Advanced Micro, Fortune Brands, Chubb, U.S. Steel, WR Berkley 8:30 a.m. Q4 Employment cost index 9:00 a.m. S&P Case-Shiller HPI 9:45 a.m. Chicago PMI 10:00 a.m. Consumer confidence 10:00 a.m. Housing vacancies Wednesday Earnings: Facebook, Allstate, Ameriprise, Unum Group, Ameriprise, MetLife, Siemens, Anthem, Tupperware, Baxter, Johnson Controls, Symantec, IAC/Interactive, American Financial Group, Cabot, Legg Mason, Automatic Data, Baxter, Celanese, Dominion, Ingersoll-Rand, Marathon Petroleum, WEC Energy, Pitney Bowes, Owens-Illinois, Torchmark, Cirrus Logic, Altria 8:15 a.m. ADP payrolls 9:45 a.m. Manufacturing PMI 10:00 a.m. ISM manufacturing 10:00 a.m. Construction spending 2:00 p.m. Fed decision Thursday Earnings:Merck & Co Inc Merck, Amazon.com, Amgen, Visa, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Estee Lauder, ConocoPhillips, Deutsche Bank, Philip Morris, Royal Dutch Shell, AutoLiv, Ball Corp, Cigna, NYTimes, AstraZeneca, Daimler, Novo Nordisk, Becton Dickinson, Boston Scientific, CME Group, Delphi Automotive, Marsh and McLennan, Ralph Lauren, Parker Hannifin, Sony, Sirius XM Radio, International Paper, A.O. Smith, Virtu Financial, Ryder System, Lazard, CMS Energy, Eaton, Estee Lauder, Kimco Realty, Motorola Solutions, athenahealth, Decker's Outdoor, DeVry Education, FireEye, GoPro 8:30 a.m. Jobless claims 8:30 a.m. Productivity 8:30 a.m. Unit labor costs Friday Earnings: Hershey, Honda Motor, AutoNation, Clorox, Philips 66, Apollo Global Management, LyondellBasell, Weyerhaeuser, Madison Square Garden 8:30 a.m. Nonfarm payrolls 9:15 a.m. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans 9:45 a.m. Services PMI 10:00 a.m. ISM non-mfg. 10:00 a.m. Factory orders show chapters Closing Bell Exchange: Momentum in fundamentals, economy driving market    Thursday, 26 Jan 2017 | 3:07 PM ET | 04:24 Patti DommCNBC Markets Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GGP --- AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A CEO Who's Who Of Trump's Manufacturing Council Dustin Blitchok , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 27, 2017 4:36pm   Comments Share: A group of more than two dozen CEOs have been tapped by President Donald Trump to create recommendations to grow the American manufacturing sector. The group convenes at a time when Trump is pledging to cut corporate taxes, slash regulations and also heavily tax companies that outsource manufacturing jobs. Who are the C-suite occupants selected by the new president? Let’s take a look. Andrew Liveris Andrew Liveris has led Midland, Michigan-based Dow Chemical Co (NYSE: DOW) for more than a decade and worked at the company for 40 years. Before chairing Trump’s manufacturing council, Liveris served as co-chair of former President Barack Obama’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership steering committee and as a member of the U.S. President’s Export Council, according to Dow. Bill Brown Bill Brown, who oversees 21,000 employees at Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS), was appointed president and CEO in November 2014, according to the company. He previously held senior leadership roles at United Technologies Corporation (NYSE: UTX). Notably, Brown once worked at UTC subsidiary Carrier Corporation — which was targeted by Trump late last year for its plans to move manufacturing jobs from Indiana to Mexico. Michael Dell Michael Dell founded the business bearing his name, Dell Technologies Inc (NYSE: DVMT), in 1984 with $1,000, according to the company. He was 19. The IT giant now has more than 140,000 employees and $74 billion in revenue. John Ferriola John Ferriola first joined Nucor Corporation (NYSE: NUE) in 1991 and served in a variety of roles at the steel company before being appointed CEO in January 2013 and as chairman of the board of directors in January 2014. Jeff Fettig Jeff Fettig has worked at Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: WHR) since 1981 and as CEO since July 2004, according to the company. A Tipton, Indiana native, Fettig serves as lead director on Dow Chemical’s board, as a well as serving on the board of the Kohler Co. Mark Fields Mark Fields was appointed to the CEO post at Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) in July 2014 and has overseen the Dearborn automaker’s fastest global manufacturing expansion in 50 years, according to the company. Ken Frazier Ken Frazier, an attorney who holds a J.D. from Harvard, went to work at Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) in 1992 and was promoted through the company’s ranks before becoming CEO in 2011. Alex Gorsky Alex Gorsky has, with the exception of a four-year detour to Novartis AG (ADR) (NYSE: NVS) beginning in 2004, worked for Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) since 1988. He’s a “longtime advocate of diversity and inclusion,” according to the consumer, medical and pharma company. Greg Hayes Greg Hayes became CEO at United Technologies Corporation (NYSE: UTX) in November 2014. In a previous role as chief financial officer and senior vice president, Hayes was key in reshaping the company’s portfolio to focus on its core aerospace and building systems businesses, according to the company. Marillyn Hewson Marillyn Hewson served as president, chief operating officer and executive vice president at Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) before being named CEO. She has been with the aerospace and defense contractor for more than 30 years. Jeff Immelt Jeff Immelt, the CEO of General Electric Company (NYSE: GE), has been asked to serve by presidents before — he was chairman of Obama’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness. He went to work at after graduating from Harvard in 1982 and was named to GE’s top job in 2001, making him the ninth person to have held the position. Jim Kamsickas Jim Kamsickas was appointed CEO of Dana Inc (NYSE: DAN) in August 2015 after prior stints at International Automotive Components and Lear Corporation (NYSE: LEA). He serves on the board for the Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation. Klaus Kleinfeld Klaus Kleinfeld, the CEO of Arconic Inc (NYSE: ARNC), was CEO at Alcoa Corp (NYSE: AA) from 2008 until November, when he led the split of Alcoa into two companies. Prior to his career at Alcoa and Arconic, Kleinfeld worked at Siemens AG (ADR) (OTC: SIEGY) for 20 years, finishing as CEO before leaving the German electronics company. Brian Krzanich Brian Krzanich, the leader of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC), started work there in 1982 as a process engineer and ascended through the ranks, serving as COO before being promoted to CEO in May 2013. Richard Kyle Richard Kyle was named CEO at bearings manufacturer Timken Co (NYSE: TKR) in 2014 after serving as a COO and, previous to that, president of the company’s aerospace and mobile industry segments. Thea Lee Thea Lee, a former economist, serves as deputy chief of staff at the AFL-CIO. Mario Longhi Mario Longhi is leading United States Steel Corporation (NYSE: X) through a transformation plan titled “The Carnegie Way,” according to the company, to “return U.S. Steel to sustainable profitability.” He’s considered a leading voice in the steel industry on global trade, the company said. Longhi joined the steelmaker in 2012. Denise Morrison Denise Morrison has led Campbell Soup Company (NYSE: CPB) since August 2011 and has worked in the food business for more than 30 years, including at Kraft Heinz Co (NASDAQ: KHC), Nabisco, Nestle SA (ADR) (OTC: NSRGY) and PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE: PEP). Dennis Muilenburg Dennis Muilenburg was named CEO of Boeing Co (NYSE: BA), the world’s largest aerospace company, in March 2016. While serving as Boeing’s COO, Muilenberg worked on aerospace business operations and global relationships, leadership initiatives and development program performance, according to his company biography. Elon Musk Elon Musk, the co-founder of Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA), oversees the electric car manufacturer’s product strategy, which includes the production of “more affordable electric vehicles for mainstream consumers,” according to his company biography. Before Tesla, Musk founded the internet companies Zip2 and Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: PYPL). Doug Oberhelman Doug Oberhelman retired as CEO of Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) on December 31 after a 41-year career at the manufacturer. Oberhelman will continue as Caterpillar’s executive chairman of the board until March 31, 2017, according to the company. Scott Paul Scott Paul is president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, a partnership of American manufacturers and the United Steelworkers that was formed in 2007. Kevin Plank Kevin Plank launched Under Armour Inc (NYSE: UA) (NYSE: UAA) from his grandmother’s basement with a T-shirt prototype and grew it into a multi-billion dollar brand, according to his company bio. Michael Polk Michael Polk, the CEO of Newell Brands Inc (NYSE: NWL), leads a consumer goods company that generates more than $16 billion in sales annually. Newell Brands was formed last year with the merger of Newell Rubbermaid and Jarden Corporation. A former Unilever plc (ADR) (NYSE: UL) and Kraft executive, Polk was named as Newell’s CEO in July 2011, according to the company. Mark Sutton Mark Sutton has spent his career at International Paper Co (NYSE: IP) and became CEO in November 2014, according to the company. Sutton serves on the Business Council and Business Roundtable, and is also the appointed chairman of the U.S. Russian Business Council and a member of the U.S.–Brazil CEO Forum. Inge Thulin Inge Thulin oversees a company with 90,000 employees and $30 billion in sales at 3M Co (NYSE: MMM). The R&D-intensive company has been named as one of the world’s most ethical companies, as well as one that millennials would most like to work for, under Thulin’s watch, according to his biography. Richard Trumka Richard Trumka was elected president of the 12.5-million-member AFL-CIO in 2009. He’s worked toward the goal of “adopting progressive, pro-worker laws and policies at every level to improve life for working families,” according to the union. Wendell Weeks Wendell Weeks has worked at Corning Incorporated (NYSE: GLW) since 1983, becoming CEO in 2005. Weeks is focused on new growth opportunities and the building of a “bigger, more balanced company,” according to his biography. Image Credit: By Doug Coulter, The White House (The White House on Facebook) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Alex Gorsky Andrew Liveris Barack Obama Brian KrzanichNews Politics Management General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AA + ARNC) 18 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 25, 2017 The Market In 5 Minutes: Big Earnings And A Major IPO Acquisition 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Alcoa Upgraded As Commodities Gain Momentum A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Surge Ahead Of Earnings View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on DOW Trending Recent 1 LUV, EBAY: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 SYNA, AAL: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 CCJ, UUUU: The Potential 'Rip Your Face Off' Uranium Rally 4 JBLU, GOOGL: 15 Stocks To Watch For January 26, 2017 5 SPY, FNMA: Pershing Square: A Reformed Fanni... 6 WATT, DLGNF: Exclusive: Energous CE... 7 WBA, RAD: To The Rescue:... 1 NTRPD: Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might Have The Biggest Drug Ever I... 2 WHR, GLW: A CEO Who's Who Of Trump's Manufacturing Council 3 Kevin O'Leary Highlights The U.S.-Canada Trade Relationship 4 USDA Cattle on Feed report 5 SBUX: A Decade Of Schultz: How Starbucks Has Fared Since He Retook Th... 6 OSIR, GOOGL: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Celestica Rises On Earn... 7 Want To Manage Your Portfolio Like A Hedge Fund? Wit... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might Have The Biggest Drug Ever In Biotech Kevin O'Leary Highlights The U.S.-Canada Trade Relationship
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 8:42pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Business events scheduled for the coming month 7:45 AM Saturday Jan 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Business events and economic reports scheduled for the coming month: All times are Eastern. WEDNESDAY, Feb. 1 WASHINGTON " Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. DETROIT " Automakers release vehicle sales for January. Altria Group Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Facebook Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. THURSDAY, Feb. 2 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. LONDON " Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON " Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO " Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI " RBI decision on interest rates. Continued below. Related Content Niki Bezzant: Does a bit of butter butter better? Your views: Readers' letters Foreign students left in lurch Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. FRIDAY, Feb. 3 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. LONDON " Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO " Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. MONDAY, Feb. 6 TOKYO " Toyota reports earnings. TUESDAY, Feb. 7 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases international trade data for December, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases job openings and labor turnover survey for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve releases consumer credit data for December, 3 p.m. LONDON " Oil giant BP reports fourth-quarter earnings. WEDNESDAY, Feb. 8 NEW DELHI " India is expected to release fourth-quarter GDP data. TOKYO " Softbank reports earnings. THURSDAY, Feb. 9 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases wholesale trade inventories for December, 10 a.m. TOKYO " Nissan reports third-quarter earnings. FRIDAY, Feb. 10 WASHINGTON " Treasury releases federal budget for January, 2 p.m. MONDAY, Feb. 13 TOKYO " Japan reports preliminary fourth-quarter GDP. TUESDAY, Feb. 14 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases the Producer Price Index for January, 8:30 a.m. BERLIN " Federal Statistical Office releases fourth-quarter growth figure for the German economy, Europe's biggest. WEDNESDAY, Feb. 15 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases retail sales data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases Consumer Price Index for January, 8:30 a.m.; Federal Reserve releases industrial production for January, 9:15 a.m.; Commerce Department releases business inventories for December, 10 a.m.; National Association of Home Builders releases housing market index for February, 10 a.m.; Treasury releases international money flows data for December, 4 p.m. THURSDAY, Feb. 16 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Commerce Department releases housing starts for January, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m.; MONDAY, Feb. 20 U.S. stock and bond markets are closed for Washington's Birthday. TUESDAY, Feb. 21 WEDNESDAY, Feb. 22 WASHINGTON " National Association of Realtors releases existing home sales for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve releases minutes from January interest-rate meeting. BERLIN " Germany's Ifo institute releases its monthly business confidence index, a key indicator for Europe's biggest economy. THURSDAY, Feb. 23 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. MADRID " Spanish energy company Repsol releases financial results for the fourth quarter. FRIDAY, Feb. 24 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases new home sales for January, 10 a.m. LONDON " Taxpayer-owned Royal Bank of Scotland announces fourth quarter earnings. MONDAY, Feb. 27 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases durable goods for January, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for January, 10 a.m. TUESDAY, Feb. 28 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases fourth-quarter gross domestic product, 8:30 a.m.; Standard & Poor's releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for December, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for February, 10 a.m. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Mount lead Eastern Region champs Mt Maunganui have pulled out to an early lead during the first day of competition at… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… Bite Grilled veges with sesame sauce This makes a great vegetarian side dish. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 28 Jan 2017 22:34:38 Processing Time: 58ms
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Global Protein Therapeutics Market 2017-2021; New Report Launched 27 January 2017Military News Bangalore, Karnataka — (SBWIRE) — 01/27/2017 — Therapeutic proteins are used to effectively treat a wide array of diseases such as protein deficiency diseases; chronic diseases such as cancer, rheumatoid arthritis (RA), ankylosing spondylitis, diabetes; infections such as human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis A, hepatitis B, and hepatitis C; and other medical conditions such as genetic disorders, anemia cases related to kidney dialysis, and cancer-related anemia. Therapeutic proteins mostly consist of recombinant forms of naturally occurring proteins. Report forecast the global protein therapeutics market to grow at a CAGR of 7.86% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global protein therapeutics market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of branded and biosimilar drugs used for the treatment of various diseases. The report also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: – Americas – APAC – EMEA Global Protein Therapeutics Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors – AbbVie – Amgen – F. Hoffmann-La Roche – Johnson & Johnson – Merck – Novo Nordisk Other prominent vendors – Anhui Anke Biotechnology (Group) – AstraZeneca – Baxter International – Biocon – Biodel – BioGenomics – Biopartners – Boehringer Ingelheim – Bristol-Myers Squibb – Celltrion – Chugai Pharmaceutical – Diamyd Medical – Diasome Pharmaceuticals – DiaVacs – Dynavax Technologies – Eli Lilly – Ferring Pharmaceuticals – Generex Biotechnology – GeneScience Pharmaceuticals – Hualan Biological Engineering – Intas Pharmaceuticals – Ipsen – JCR Pharmaceuticals – Kyowa Hakko Kirin – Lexicon Pharmaceuticals – LG Life Sciences – MacroGenics – MannKind – Oramed Pharmaceuticals – Osiris Therapeutics – Pfizer – Sandoz International – Sanofi – Teva Pharmaceutical Industries – Thermalin Diabetes – Tolerion – Wockhardt – XOMA Market driver – Increased demand for mAbs – For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge – Complexities in manufacturing, storage conditions, distribution policies, and high cost – For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend – Emergence of next-generation biologics – For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report – What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? – What are the key market trends? – What is driving this market? – What are the challenges to market growth? – Who are the key vendors in this market space? – What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? – What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Spanning over 128 pages “Global Protein Therapeutics Market 2017-2021” report covers Executive summary, Scope of the report, Market research methodology, Introduction, Market landscape, Market segmentation by product type, Market segmentation by therapy area, Market segmentation by protein function, Geographical segmentation, Market drivers, Impact of drivers, Market challenges, Impact of drivers and challenges, Market trends, Vendor landscape, Key vendor analysis, Appendix. For more information Visit at: http://www.drugpipeline.net/technavio/global-protein-therapeutics-market-2017-2021 About DrugPipeline.net DrugPipeline.net is a market research reports distribution platform which hosts research reports from all leading global market research firms related to pharma industry. It also assist decision makers locate the right market research solution from a single place. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Uncategorized Post navigation Behind the Headlines with MJ Pedone Ben Bradley Joins WGN Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska 5EU $1.53 Billion Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Drug Forecast and Market Analysis 2016-2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Jan 27, 2017, 12:10 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Jan 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) - 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025" report to their offering. Lung cancer is currently is the most common cause of death from cancer worldwide. Of total lung cancer incident cases, approximately 85% are the non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) subtype. NSCLC patients are usually diagnosed in the later stages of the disease, with poor prognosis. Historically, treatment options for advanced-stage NSCLC patients have been dominated by chemotherapy. However, the launch of targeted therapies such as Iressa (gefitinib) in 2003, Tarceva (erlotinib) in 2004, and Xalkori (crizotinib) in 2011, has shifted the treatment landscape towards personalized medicine. In 2015, the NSCLC market in the 5EU was an estimated $1.53B. This growth is fueled by the increasing use of immunotherapies across histologies and lines of therapy in NSCLC. Particularly, the use of PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors in first-line therapy of NSCLC is expected to take away significant sales from conventional chemotherapies that are typically used in the first line. Merck & Co.'s Keytruda is the current front-runner in the first-line setting, as it's already approved as a monotherapy for =50% PD-L1+ patients, and is showing benefit in combination with chemotherapy regardless of PD-L1 expression. Scope - Overview of NSCLC including epidemiology, etiology, symptoms, diagnosis, pathology and treatment guidelines as well as an overview on the competitive landscape. - Detailed information on the key drugs in 5EU including product description, safety and efficacy profiles as well as a SWOT analysis. - Sales forecast for the top drugs in 5EU from 2015-2025. - Analysis of the impact of key events as well the drivers and restraints affecting 5EU NSCLC market. Key Topics Covered: 1 Tables & Figures 2 Introduction  3 Disease Overview 3.1 Etiology and Pathophysiology 3.1.1 Etiology 3.1.2 Pathophysiology 3.2 Classification or Staging Systems 3.3 Symptoms 3.4 Prognosis 3.5 Quality of Life 4 Disease Management 4.1 Diagnosis and Treatment Overview 4.1.1 Diagnosis 4.1.2 Treatment Guidelines and Leading Prescribed Drugs 4.1.3 Clinical Practice 5 Competitive Assessment 5.1 Overview 5.2 Product Profiles - Major Brands, Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor-Targeting 5.2.1 Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors 5.2.2 Tarceva (erlotinib hydrochloride) 5.2.3 Iressa (gefitinib) 5.2.4 Gilotrif (afatinib) 5.2.5 Tagrisso (osimertinib) 5.2.6 Portrazza (necitumumab) 5.2.7 Conmana (icotinib) 5.3 Product Profiles - Major Brands, Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase-Targeting 5.3.1 Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors 5.3.2 Xalkori (crizotinib) 5.3.3 Zykadia (ceritinib) 5.3.4 Alecensa (alectinib) 5.4 Product Profiles - Major Brands, Monoclonal Antibodies 5.4.1 Programmed Cell Death Protein 1/Programmed Death Ligand 1 Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors 5.4.2 Opdivo (nivolumab) 5.4.3 Keytruda (pembrolizumab) 5.4.4 Tecentriq (atezolizumab) 5.5 Product Profiles - Major Brands, Other 5.5.1 Avastin (bevacizumab) 5.5.2 Cyramza (ramucirumab) 5.5.3 Vargatef/Ofev (nintedanib) 5.6 Chemotherapies 6 Unmet Needs Assessment and Opportunity Analysis 6.1 Overview 6.2 First-Line Treatments That Extend Overall Survival in Advanced-Stage Nonsquamous NSCLC Without Actionable Mutations 6.3 Therapies Targeting Novel Biomarkers 6.4 Treatment Options for Squamous Patients in the First-Line and Third-Line Setting 6.5 Alternative Testing Options for Patients with Insufficient Biopsy Material 6.6 Treatments for Patients with Acquired Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Resistance 7Pipeline Assessment 7.1 Overview 7.2 Promising Drugs in Clinical Development 7.2.1 Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors 7.2.2 Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors 7.2.3 Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors 7.2.4 Therapeutic Cancer Vaccines 7.2.5 Anti-angiogenic Therapies 7.2.6 Avastin (bevacizumab) Biosimilars 7.2.7 KRAS Inhibitors 7.2.8 Tafinlar (dabrafenib) + Mekinist (trametinib) 7.2.9 Veliparib (ABT-888) 7.2.10 Seribantumab (MM-121) 7.2.11 IMMU-132 (sacituzumab govitecan) 7.2.12 Plinabulin (NPI-2358) 7.3 Promising Drugs in Early-Stage Development 7.3.1 Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors 7.3.2 Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase Inhibitors 7.3.3 Neurotropic Tropomyosin-Related Kinase Inhibitors 7.3.4 MET inhibitors 7.3.5 Rearranged During Transfection Inhibitors 7.3.6 Human Epidermal Growth Factor 2 Inhibitors 7.3.7 PI3K Pathway Inhibitors 8 Market Outlook 9 Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/fcf93z/nonsmall_cell Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/5eu-153-billion-non-small-cell-lung-cancer-nsclc-drug-forecast-and-market-analysis-2016-2025---research-and-markets-300398065.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Jan 27, 2017, 12:10 ET Preview: Global Flight Simulator Market Analysis & Trends - Industry Forecast to 2025 - Research and Markets Jan 27, 2017, 12:10 ET Preview: $5.80 Billion Vertical Farming Market by Growth Mechanism, Structure, Offering, Crop Type & Geography - Global Forecast & Analysis to 2022 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 27, 2017, 15:10 ETPeople Counting System Market - Global Forecast & Analysis to... Jan 27, 2017, 15:10 ETCombat System Integration Market by Application, Platform &... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: 5EU $1.53 Billion Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Drug Forecast and Market Analysis 2016-2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Jan 27, 2017, 12:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Christian Datoc Reporter 10:15 AM 01/27/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5447165 President Donald Trump announced the creation of a Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Friday morning. Donald Trump (Getty Images) An accompanying statement from the White House detailed a series of meetings — organized by Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris — in which Trump will “seek information and perspectives from a diverse range of business leaders… on how best to promote job growth and get Americans back to work again.” The initial list of business leaders assisting with the initiative include Liveris, Harris Corporation’s Bill Brown, Dell’s Michael Dell, Nucor’s John Ferriola, Whirlpool’s Jeff Fettig, Ford’s Mark Fields, Ken Frazier of Merck & Co., Alex Gorsky of Johnson & Johnson, Greg Hayes of United Technologies Corp., Lockheed Martin CEO Marilynn Hewson, GE’s Jeff Immelt, Jim Kamsickas of Dana Inc, Arconic CEO Klaus Kleinfeld, Intel’s Brian Krzanich, Rich Kyle of The Timken company, AFL-CIO’s Thea Lee and Richard Tumka, U.S. Steel CEP Mario Longhi, the Campbell Soup Company’s Denise Morrison, Boeing president Dennis Muilenburg, Elon Musk, Caterpillar’s Doug Oberhelman, Scott Paul from the Alliance for American Manufacturing, Under Armour founder Kevin Plank, Michael Polk of Newell Brands, Mark Sutton of International Paper, 3M’s Inge Thulin and Corning CEO Wendell Weeks. Donald Trump (Getty Images) The announcement  marks the second group of recurring meetings Trump will take with American business leaders. Earlier in the week, he announced quarterly meetings he will hold with a group of American CEOs, many of whom are assisting with the jobs initiative. (RELATED: These Are The CEOs Trump Will Meet With Every Quarter) WATCH: Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook Tags: Donald Trump, Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Illumina Names Caroline Dorsa to Its Board of Directors, Adding Over 30 Years of Leadership Experience in the Healthcare, Telecommunications and Energy Industries Caroline Dorsa (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Caroline Dorsa (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail January 27, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ: ILMN) announced today that Caroline Dorsa has joined the company’s Board of Directors. Given her financial expertise, Ms. Dorsa will also participate on the Audit Committee of the Board. Ms. Dorsa has held a number of senior management positions at Merck & Co., Inc., including Senior Vice President of Marketing Strategy and Integration, and Vice President and Treasurer, where she also oversaw investor relations, financial planning for manufacturing and tax. Most recently, as Executive Vice President and CFO at Public Service Enterprise Group, Ms. Dorsa led the finance, business development, and investor relations teams. She is a Director of Biogen Inc. and Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., and a trustee of the Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund and the Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renaissance Fund. “Caroline brings a great breadth of knowledge and experience as a director on major boards and a senior executive at large companies,” said Francis deSouza, Illumina President and Chief Executive Officer. “Her deep understanding of the clinical space will enable Caroline to make a significant contribution to Illumina as we continue to pursue growth in our clinical markets.” In addition to her service at Merck & Co., Inc. and at Public Service Enterprise Group, Ms. Dorsa served as Senior Vice President and CFO of Avaya, Inc. She received her B.A. from Colgate University and her M.B.A. from Columbia University. About Illumina Illumina is improving human health by unlocking the power of the genome. Our focus on innovation has established us as the global leader in DNA sequencing and array-based technologies, serving customers in the research, clinical and applied markets. Our products are used for applications in the life sciences, oncology, reproductive health, agriculture, and other emerging segments. To learn more, visit www.illumina.com and follow @illumina. Contacts Illumina, Inc. Investors: Rebecca Chambers 858-255-5243 IR@illumina.com or Media: Eric Endicott 858-882-6822 pr@illumina.com Contacts Illumina, Inc. Investors: Rebecca Chambers 858-255-5243 IR@illumina.com or Media: Eric Endicott 858-882-6822 pr@illumina.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu HealthCare Royalty Partners Announces New Chief Medical Officer, Senior-Level Promotions, and Further Regional Expansion 27 January 2017Military News STAMFORD, Conn. & SAN FRANCISCO & BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–HealthCare Royalty Partners („HCR”) today announced several firm developments: New Chief Medical Officer: As of January 2017, Dr. Warren Cooper has assumed the role of Managing Director and Chief Medical Officer at HCR. Dr. Cooper initially joined the team in 2016, consulting as an Industry Advisor. Dr. Cooper is a UK-trained physician with over 35 years of experience in the global pharmaceutical industry. HCR’s senior professionals have known Dr. Cooper for over a decade, working closely with him when he served as CEO of Prism Pharmaceuticals (“Prism”), a portfolio company at their prior firm. Prism was a specialty pharmaceutical company that developed the antiarrhythmic agent NEXTERONE, and was ultimately acquired by Baxter International in 2011 for $338 million. Prior to serving as CEO of Prism, Dr. Cooper spent 12 years with Merck, initially as a UK clinical research physician, then as head of European and subsequently Worldwide Clinical Research Operations. Dr. Cooper also previously led AstraMerck’s (now AstraZeneca PLC) cardiovascular division. HCR looks forward to drawing on Dr. Cooper’s tremendous clinical, regulatory and operational experience as it evaluates new investment opportunities. Investment Professional Promotions: HCR has promoted John Urquhart to a Principal of the firm. Mr. Urquhart was among the first employees at HCR, joining the firm as an analyst in 2007 and re-joining in 2012 after receiving his M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Urquhart has over a decade of healthcare investing experience in the royalty and structured finance market. HCR has also promoted Anthony Rapsomanikis to Vice President. Mr. Rapsomanikis joined HCR as an Associate in 2012, and was promoted to Director of West Coast Business Development after establishing the firm’s San Francisco office in 2015. The San Francisco office launched HCR’s strategic initiative to regionalize its business development efforts and better serve the needs of counterparties in key geographic areas. “John and Tony’s promotions are well deserved and serve as recognition of their growth and contributions to the firm over the past several years,” commented Clarke Futch, co-founder and Chairman of the Investment Committee at HCR. Regional Office Expansion: HCR is pleased to announce its plans to open a Boston, MA office in the first half of 2017, which will be led by John Urquhart. Mr. Urquhart will work closely with Clarke Futch, Paul Hadden (Managing Director – Business Development) and the rest of the senior investment team, most of whom will continue to be based in the firm’s headquarters in Stamford, CT. Paul Hadden commented, “The opening of our Boston office follows the success of HCR’s San Francisco office opening in 2015 and furthers our goal of strengthening local coverage and relationships in the key life science and R&D centers. Recent data shows that Boston and the San Francisco / Bay Area each garnered about one-third of all biotech venture capital investment in 2016 and it is important for us to continue to focus on these markets.” About HealthCare Royalty Partners HCR is a private investment firm that purchases royalties and uses debt-like structures to invest in commercial or near-commercial stage life science assets. HCR has $3.4 billion in cumulative capital commitments and is headquartered in Stamford, CT. Over the past decade, HCR’s senior professionals have completed more than 60 healthcare investments. For more information, visit www.healthcareroyalty.com. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged company division headquarters officer private Uncategorized Post navigation Sierra Monitor’s FieldPoP™ Device Cloud IIoT-Empowers Modern Workspaces Vitacost.com Launches “Shop by Specialty” Store Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Fri Jan 27, 2017 | 6:10am EST Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo The office tower of the headquarters of Swiss drugmaker Roche is seen in Basel, Switzerland, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann ZURICH Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. On Thursday, Bristol-Myers managers said Tecentriq is grabbing market share from its I/O drug Opdivo for second-line non-small-cell lung cancer, one factor that forced them to cut their 2017 earnings forecast. "Most of our erosion in second line has been attributable to" Tecentriq, Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers's chief commercial officer, told analysts. "We gave up about 10 points of market share." Merck's Keytruda drug is also taking patients away from Opdivo, Bristol-Myers said. The U.S.-based company's muted Opdivo outlook underscores why analysts predict Roche, when it announces full-year 2016 results on Feb. 1, will confirm Tecentriq sales have accelerated, particularly since its initial approval for bladder cancer in May was expanded in October to cover lung cancer. "Tecentriq continues to show strong launch trends in the fourth quarter 2016," wrote Jeffrey Holford, a Jefferies analyst. "We have been surprised on the upside by its launch." Life sciences consultancy IMS estimates Tecentriq's May-September sales for bladder cancer hit nearly $70 million, but that does not include lung cancer figures, the biggest cancer market. Roche declined to provide sales numbers, saying only "we can confirm that we have seen a good launch of Tecentriq". Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda work by helping the immune system recognize tumors that cloak themselves against detection. Roche and Bristol-Myers drugs are approved for use after other lung cancer treatments fail, while Keytruda has the FDA's blessing as an initial treatment and is now seeking the go-ahead for combination therapy with chemotherapy, which Merck contends puts it in the pole position in the I/O race. (Reporting by John Miller; editing by Jason Neely) Next In Health News FDA warns against use of homeopathic teething products The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday warned consumers against using certain homeopathic teething products, saying it has found high amounts of a toxic substance in some of them and they pose a potential risk to infants and children. EU food safety body to look again at palm oil health risks MILAN The European Food Safety Authority will re-examine its warning on health risks stemming from palm and other vegetable oils, a spokeswoman at the European body said in light of a recent study expressing less concern than EFSA. Patients with type 1 diabetes may need to check ketones more often (Reuters Health) - Many people with type 1 diabetes don’t check frequently enough for buildup of ketones, acids that can cause serious damage to the kidneys and other organs, according to a U.S. study. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health | Fri Jan 27, 2017 | 4:40pm IST Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo The office tower of the headquarters of Swiss drugmaker Roche is seen in Basel, Switzerland, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann ZURICH Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. On Thursday, Bristol-Myers managers said Tecentriq is grabbing market share from its I/O drug Opdivo for second-line non-small-cell lung cancer, one factor that forced them to cut their 2017 earnings forecast. "Most of our erosion in second line has been attributable to" Tecentriq, Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers's chief commercial officer, told analysts. "We gave up about 10 points of market share." Merck's Keytruda drug is also taking patients away from Opdivo, Bristol-Myers said. The U.S.-based company's muted Opdivo outlook underscores why analysts predict Roche, when it announces full-year 2016 results on Feb. 1, will confirm Tecentriq sales have accelerated, particularly since its initial approval for bladder cancer in May was expanded in October to cover lung cancer. "Tecentriq continues to show strong launch trends in the fourth quarter 2016," wrote Jeffrey Holford, a Jefferies analyst. "We have been surprised on the upside by its launch." Life sciences consultancy IMS estimates Tecentriq's May-September sales for bladder cancer hit nearly $70 million, but that does not include lung cancer figures, the biggest cancer market. Roche declined to provide sales numbers, saying only "we can confirm that we have seen a good launch of Tecentriq". Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda work by helping the immune system recognize tumors that cloak themselves against detection. Roche and Bristol-Myers drugs are approved for use after other lung cancer treatments fail, while Keytruda has the FDA's blessing as an initial treatment and is now seeking the go-ahead for combination therapy with chemotherapy, which Merck contends puts it in the pole position in the I/O race. (Reporting by John Miller; editing by Jason Neely) Next In Health FDA warns against use of homeopathic teething products The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday warned consumers against using certain homeopathic teething products, saying it has found high amounts of a toxic substance in some of them and they pose a potential risk to infants and children. EU food safety body to look again at palm oil health risks MILAN The European Food Safety Authority will re-examine its warning on health risks stemming from palm and other vegetable oils, a spokeswoman at the European body said in light of a recent study expressing less concern than EFSA. Patients with type 1 diabetes may need to check ketones more often (Reuters Health) - Many people with type 1 diabetes don’t check frequently enough for buildup of ketones, acids that can cause serious damage to the kidneys and other organs, according to a U.S. study. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Budget 2017 India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Pulmonary Drugs Market 2016 – 2024; Asia Pacific to Lead Global Market due to Phenomenal Unmet Medical Needs 27 January 2017Military News The intensity of competition in the global pulmonary drugs market is exceptionally high with the presence of few dominant players. However, Transparency Market Research observes that the leading players are expected to lose their share in the overall market as patents for several drugs are poised to expire in the coming years. The top five players in the market are GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Astra Zeneca, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and Merck & Co., Inc. “The companies will focus on building their pipelines and developing effective and result-oriented medicines to meet the unmet demands of the patients across the globe,” states the lead author of the research report. Asia Pacific to Lead Global Market due to Phenomenal Unmet Medical Needs According to the research report, the global pulmonary drugs market is expected to be worth US$ 28,082.1 mn by the end of 2024 as compared to US$ 48,039.7 mn in 2015. Analysts calculate that the global market will plummet at a CAGR of -6.3% during the forecast period of 2016 and 2024. The market will thrive as the demand for combination drugs is anticipated to remain on the rise during the forecast period. The report estimates that the combination drugs segment will reach a valuation of US$5,217.5 mn by the end of 2024. On the other hand, in terms of geography, Asia Pacific will emerge as the leading region in the global market due to a huge pool of unmet medical demands. By the end of 2024, the Asia Pacific pulmonary drugs market is estimated to account for a share of 23.1% in the global market. Read Full Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pulmonary-drugs-market… High Prevalence of Respiratory Disorders due to Smoking Improves Uptake of Pulmonary Drugs Despite the projected decline, the demand for pulmonary drugs will continue to build as the population is reeling under the high prevalence of chronic respiratory disorders. The Forum of International Respiratory Societies (FIRS) states that the about 200 million meet their fatal end due to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and about 235 million due to asthma. These statistics have been the primary growth drivers for the overall pulmonary drugs market in the past few years. The rising number of smokers across the globe have also triggered the demand for pulmonary drugs as they are usually at the receiving end of respiratory disorders. The World Health Organization states that consumption of tobacco leads to six million deaths every year while 600, 000 are exposed to second-hand smoke, which is known to cause asthma. Thus the changes in lifestyle are anticipated to play a crucial role in the development of global market. The global pulmonary drugs market is also benefitting from the increasing disposable incomes and the rising awareness about treating pulmonary ailments. The increasing investments made in research and development of pulmonary drug delivery systems have also favored market growth in recent times. The growing pool of unmet demands due to population explosion in several developing countries and the entry of innovative and effective drugs in the market is also anticipated to boost the uptake of these drugs in the coming few years. Availability of Counterfeit Drugs Hampers Market Growth Analysts anticipate that the negative growth of the global pulmonary drugs market will be attributable to the patent cliffs in the coming years that will hamper the revenues of several leading players. This issue will be further addled by the entry of generic drugs in the global market. The strict regulatory process of getting these drugs approved from various authorities is also expected to dampen the spirit of the market during the forecast period. Furthermore, the wide availability of counterfeit drugs is also acting a significant impediment to the overall market. Download exclusive Sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The review is based on Transparency Market Research’s research report, titled “Pulmonary Drugs Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024.” The global pulmonary drugs market has been segmented as follows: Global Pulmonary Drugs Market Revenue, by Drug Class Inhaled Corticosteroids (ICS) Long-Acting Beta2-Agonists (LABA) Antihistamines Vasodilators Short-Acting Beta2-Agonists (SABA) Anticholinergics Combination Drugs Others (MAbs, Enzymes, Antibiotics, Antileukotrienes, etc.) Global Pulmonary Drugs Market Revenue, by Application Asthma & COPD Allergic Rhinitis Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension Cystic Fibrosis Others Global Pulmonary Drugs Market Revenue, by Distribution Channel Hospital Pharmacies Retail Pharmacies Drug Stores E-commerce Global Pulmonary Drugs Market Revenue, by Geography North America US Canada Europe Germany France Italy Spain UK Rest of Europe Asia Pacific China Japan India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of Middle East & Africa Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Health & Medicine hospital intelligence lose Post navigation Smart Medical Devices Market 2016 – 2024; Increasing Pool of Geriatrics Spikes Demand for Smart Medical Devices Audio Pixels Integration Stage Update Search Search for: Recent Posts Iluvit.club: Unique Service Helping People Find Great Recommendations From People With Similar Taste THE FOUNDER OF L.A.M.E 1 IS SHARING ANOTHER LOVE/RELATIONSHIP SECRETS FOR LOVERS – Amorous Amour Board Games Breakthrough recording artist Jesika von Rabbit launches unique ‘FUND A BUNNY’ crowd funding campaign DOSECC to Help Determine Viability of Deep Borehole Waste Storage Personal Risk Management Solutions (PRMS), has Again Been Shortlisted for the 2017 Private Asset Management (PAM) in the “Best High Net Worth Broker” Category Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market 2016 – 2024; Rising Intervention by Government Bodies to Play Key Role in Market Development 27 January 2017Military News Transparency Market Research estimates that the global clostridium vaccines market will exhibit a healthy 4.9% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024. Rising at this rate, the market, which valued at US$418.0 mn in 2015, is expected to reach US$643.5 mn by 2024. In terms of animal species, the swine segment presently leads but is expected to be outpaced by the growth of the ovine segment. In terms of geography, the global market is dominated by North America, which accounted for over 37% of the global market in 2015. The global clostridium vaccine (animal health) market features a largely consolidated competitive landscape, with the top five companies collectively accounting for a share of over 63% of the overall market in 2015, observes a recent report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). These top vendors, namely Zoetis, Inc., Merck & Co., Sanofi-Aventis, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Eli Lilly and Company hold commanding positions owing to their wide geographic presence and a strong financial backing allowing increased focus on research and development activities. Top companies in the market aim to strengthen their positions with strategies such as targeted in-licensing, acquisition, and innovative marketing. Use of the digital medium to reach out to an extended consumer base and serve the consumer more effectively has also started becoming a popular strategy. An instance is the recent update made to Bayer’s BCS cowdition smartphone application in July 2016. The enhanced application is expected to help veterinarians to track the current and future hurdles regarding cattle health, which will help minimize the impact of metabolic diseases on dairy cows. Read Full Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/clostridium-vaccine-ma… Rising Intervention by Government Bodies to Play Key Role in Market Development Government initiatives play a key role the development of animal health care markets. For instance, the China market for veterinary healthcare is chiefly driven by compulsory immunization policy, several animal health awareness programs, the easy availability of affordable veterinary vaccines, and fund for research and development in the field. In several other developed as well as developing economies, funds invested by government bodies for the research and development of veterinary vaccines and medications play a key role in boosting the demand for clostridium vaccines. Along with this, the rising global demand for animal products such as cattle milk, meat, and eggs is also a key factor driving the global market for clostridium vaccines. Animal products such as milk, pork, beef, and chicken collectively account for nearly 40% of global agricultural GDP and generated revenues valuing nearly US$600 bn in 2015. The market for these products in developing countries is growing rapidly due to the rising population and increased disposable incomes. The resultant rise in awareness regarding the need for maintaining the excellent health of animals is expected to further drive the clostridium vaccines market in the near future. High Consumer Dependence on Government Distribution Channels to Hamper Growth In emerging economies, especially, government bodies play the central role in the distribution of vaccines. The Government of India, for instance, buys clostridium vaccines in bulk from manufacturers and supply them in different regions of the country. Bulk purchase of clostridium vaccines results in reduced prices, resulting in the low profitability of the market thus hampering its overall rate of development. Moreover, the market’s growth is also restrained to vast extent owing to the short exclusivity span of clostridium vaccines. Product exclusivity period in the animal health care industry is mostly only about three years to five years. Shorter exclusivity periods lead to a vast rise in competition from generics and over-the-counter (OTC) products. The increase in generic competition lowers product sales and significantly affects the profitability of the market. Download exclusive Sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… This review of the market is based on a recent market research report published by Transparency Market Research, titled “Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024.” For the study, the market has been segmented as follows: The global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) market is segmented as follows: Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market Revenue, by Animal Species Bovine Ovine Caprine Swine Poultry Others Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market Revenue, by Distribution Channel Veterinary Clinic Veterinary Hospital Veterinary Research institute Retail Pharmacy Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market Revenue, by Geography North America US Canada Europe Germany France Italy Spain UK Rest of Europe Asia Pacific China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of Middle East & Africa Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged base company Health & Medicine intelligence Post navigation Expect ‘3 R’s’ in Oil & Gas in 2017, Says AlixPartners Study: More Restructurings, More Realignment, Some Rebuilding Interventional Radiology Market 2016 – 2024; Rising Prevalence of Chronic Diseases and Mounting Global Population of Geriatrics Key to Market Growth Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 27, 2017January 27, 2017 by Press Release ImmunoPrecise Antibodies Issues Letter to Shareholders Victoria, British Columbia, Canada / TheNewswire / January 23, 2017 – IMMUNOPRECISE ANTIBODIES LTD. (the “Company”) (TSX VENTURE: IPA), a life sciences technology and product company supplying custom antibodies, today announced that the President and Chief Executive Officer, Thomas D’Orazio, has released a letter to shareholders. Dear Shareholders and Friends, As I write this letter to you, we have recently completed a $4.3 million financing and begun trading on the TSX Venture exchange. The ImmunoPrecise team has achieved a tremendous amount in the short time since I was appointed President and CEO in August 2016, and I think it’s important that I take this opportunity to reflect and explain why I was drawn to accepting the role of CEO of ImmunoPrecise in the first place. When I was first introduced to ImmunoPrecise I discovered a talented scientific staff in a unique company that prided itself on excellent customer satisfaction, as a premier supplier of custom antibodies to the global research and drug development community. Robert Beecroft, who founded ImmunoPrecise in 1989, had successfully implemented three key innovations that have allowed the company to set itself apart from other antibody companies: —RapidprimeTM immunization strategy in mice —Single-step cloning for selection of hybridomas —Recombinant monoclonal antibody technology (RMAT) for the generation of rabbit monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) These innovative methodologies, when combined with scientific excellence, experience, and unwavering customer care allowed ImmunoPrecise to build an enviable client list and an admirable reputation in its marketplace. We are known and trusted as a proven problem solver and partner by our clients, as my many recent one-on-one discussions with key client accounts has validated. However, what became clear to me throughout my due diligence period was the tremendous untapped potential that I believe this company to have. It is important to note that the antibody sector is very active and growing rapidly. Over 50% of all new drug therapies in development are antibody based. Leading pharmaceutical companies including Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc, Sanofi, F.Hoffman-La Roche, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline, NovartisAG and Abbvie amongst others have developed or are developing antibody based drug therapies including several of the top selling drugs in history. Research and development will focus on cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases and hematological diseases among others. Transparency Market Research recently released a market study reporting that the monoclonal antibody therapeutic market will be worth $245 billion by 2024 up from $86.7 billion in 2015 a CAGR of 13.5%. This growth will significantly increase demand for all products and services from companies such as ImmunoPrecise who serve this industry. ImmunoPrecise is ideally situated to benefit from these tailwinds. Core Business We have spent the last number of months developing a strategic and tactical plan to implement aggressive new business development initiatives that are already helping our core business of contract manufacturing antibodies and cryo-storage to grow rapidly with improving margins, which provides a very stable base to our business. While actively pursuing new client relationships, we are also working closely with our existing clients to become a more integral component of their research & development programs, and provide additional much-needed services that have always been within our technical capabilities but have never been fully exploited, thus increasing our wallet share of our client’s total development spend. Growth Opportunities We have a world-class team with a culture of scientific excellence, and this team is now pursuing new opportunities that will fully deploy our technical abilities. The road from basic research to creating a drug like the monoclonal antibody Humira (world’s top selling pharmaceutical product used for pain relief, $13 billion in 2014 global sales) or Avastin (an antibody based cancer drug that sold over $7.3 Billion in 2015) is long, and right now ImmunoPrecise services a small section of that road. We are working to change that through partnerships and strategic acquisitions, which will allow us to claim a broader scope of work within our core competencies and provide new processes and innovations to our clients. One area of particular interest to the company is in humanizing antibodies, which is a key step and one of the fastest growing areas in the multi-billion dollar development of successful therapies. We are also increasing our focus on new product development, and process refinement, which will allow us to unleash the capacity of our team to further commercialize our innovations. Increasing production capacity We have commenced design and construction of a new laboratory at the Vancouver Island Technology Park which will allow us to meet the growing demand for our products and services. We expect this state-of-the-art laboratory to come on-line in the next 90 days, and combined with newly implemented Lean Manufacturing Principles will help to meet increased customer demand. I believe the ImmunoPrecise team has the expertise, the technical resources, the drive and commitment to succeed, and now with a solid financial base, the necessary capital resources to deliver greater results to its shareholders and to its customers. The opportunity has never been better for our company. Thank-you for your support. We look forward to achieving many milestones throughout 2017 and are committed to continuing to generate significant shareholder returns. Sincerely, Thomas D’Orazio, President, CEO and Director About ImmunoPrecise ImmunoPrecise is a life sciences product and technology company supplying a selection of high-quality, custom antibodies to the global research and industrial community. The Company uses proprietary innovative inoculation and cloning technologies and established expertise to produce monoclonal antibodies significantly faster than traditional methods of antibody production. It has used these capacities to produce hundreds of mAbs now sold commercially through industry partners. ImmunoPrecise is headquartered in Victoria British Columbia and has its own in-house animal care unit, tissue culture facility and molecular facility. To learn more about ImmunoPrecise, please visit www.immunoprecise.com For further information please contact: ImmunoPrecise Antibodies Ltd. Phone: 1-250-483-0308 Unit 3204 – 4464 Markham Street Victoria, BC V8Z 7X8, Canada For investor relations please contact: Rob Gamley Phone: 1-604-689-7422 Email: rob@contactfinancial.com Contact Financial Corp. 1450 – 701 West Georgia St. Vancouver, BC V7Y 1G5 Forward Looking Information This news release contains statements that, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. ImmunoPrecise uses words such as “may”, “would”, “could”, “will”, “likely”, “expect”, “believe”, “intend” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Any such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and analyses made by ImmunoPrecise in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments. However, whether actual results and developments will conform to ImmunoPrecise’s expectations and predictions is subject to any number of risks, assumptions and uncertainties. Many factors could cause ImmunoPrecise’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this news release. Such factors include, among other things: risks and uncertainties described in the Company’s Filing Statement dated December 13, 2016 which can be accessed at www.sedar.com. The “forward-looking statements” contained herein speak only as of the date of this press release and, unless required by applicable law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise such information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. CategoriessatPRnews TagsCEO, Core, Current, Design, Light Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sinopec Awards DuPont Clean Technologies License and Engineering Contract for STRATCO® Alkylation Technology Next PostNext Datto Completes Exceptional 2016 Marked by Product Innovation and Growth in US and Abroad Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel January 28, 2017 Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided January 28, 2017 Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves January 28, 2017 Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America January 28, 2017 New Floors from Syracuse Flooring America Transform Any Room Quickly & Efficiently January 28, 2017 Baby Play Mats Get Safer and Adorable with the New Online Store, Bubble and Bee January 28, 2017 Explore New Ways to Upgrade a Home During the Red Carpet Clearance Sale at Noel Maestri’s Flooring America in Covington, LA January 28, 2017 Johnstown, PA, Flooring Store Makes Home Renovations More Affordable for Customers January 28, 2017 “Stan Mikita’s All-Star Café Presented by Honda” Announces Exciting Schedule During 2017 Honda NHL All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles January 28, 2017 Cloth Diaper Company Makes an Effort to Reduce the Environmental Footprint made by Disposable Diapers January 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 :Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer AG, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Seattle Genetics 27 January 2017Military News Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/26/2017 — The Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Cancer Immunotherapy market. Cancer Immunotherapy Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Market report provides a basic overview of the Cancer Immunotherapy industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Cancer Immunotherapy industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106905#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Amgen AstraZeneca F. Hoffman La-Roche Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Eli Lilly and Company Janssen Global Services Merck Novartis Pfizer Seattle Genetics Peregrine Pharmaceuticals Viralytics Ltd Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Cancer Immunotherapy market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Cancer Immunotherapy Overview 2. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Cancer Immunotherapy (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Manufacturers Analysis 5. Cancer Immunotherapy Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106905#request-sample Secondly, Cancer Immunotherapy Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Cancer Immunotherapy Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Cancer Immunotherapy industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Cancer Immunotherapy industry report. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged attention company major Uncategorized Post navigation SBT Bancorp, Inc. (SBTB: OTCQX U.S. Premier) | SBT Bancorp, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Results CIBT Education Group, Inc. (MBAIF: OTCQX International) | Material Change Report – The Company completes a private placement, suspends its normal course issuer bid and purchases a senior secured debt Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 :Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, Bayer, AstraZeneca, Abbott Labs, Johnson & Johnson 27 January 2017Military News Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/26/2017 — The Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Antibacterial Drugs market. Antibacterial Drugs Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Market report provides a basic overview of the Antibacterial Drugs industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Antibacterial Drugs industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106900#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Pfizer Merck & Co. GlaxoSmithKline Novartis Bayer Taisho Pharmaceuticals AstraZeneca Abbott Labs Daiichi Sankyo Johnson & Johnson Eli Lilly and Company Sanofi SA Global Antibacterial Drugs Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Antibacterial Drugs market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Antibacterial Drugs Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Antibacterial Drugs Overview 2. Global Antibacterial Drugs Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Antibacterial Drugs (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Manufacturers Analysis 5. Antibacterial Drugs Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106900#request-sample Secondly, Antibacterial Drugs Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Antibacterial Drugs Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Antibacterial Drugs Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Antibacterial Drugs industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Antibacterial Drugs Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Antibacterial Drugs industry report. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged attention company major Uncategorized Post navigation Remarks by HRVP Mogherini following her meeting with Mr Saad Hariri, Prime Minister of Lebanon Asia Pacific Wireless Audio Devices Market (2016-2022) Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 :Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer AG, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Seattle Genetics Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 :Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer AG, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Seattle Genetics Posted on January 26, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Global Cancer Immunotherapy Industry 2017 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/26/2017 — The Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Cancer Immunotherapy market. Cancer Immunotherapy Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Market report provides a basic overview of the Cancer Immunotherapy industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Cancer Immunotherapy industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106905#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Amgen AstraZeneca F. Hoffman La-Roche Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Eli Lilly and Company Janssen Global Services Merck Novartis Pfizer Seattle Genetics Peregrine Pharmaceuticals Viralytics Ltd Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Cancer Immunotherapy market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Cancer Immunotherapy Overview 2. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Cancer Immunotherapy (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Manufacturers Analysis 5. Cancer Immunotherapy Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106905#request-sample Secondly, Cancer Immunotherapy Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Cancer Immunotherapy Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Cancer Immunotherapy industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Cancer Immunotherapy industry report. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-cancer-immunotherapy-market-2017-amgen-astrazeneca-bayer-ag-merck-novartis-pfizer-seattle-genetics-764216.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist QY Market Research Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/market-analysis/global-cancer-immunotherapy-industry-2017.html Latest News Budweiser’s Miesha Tate to Host Vegas’ Sexiest Big Game Football Party at Sapphire Las Vegas, “World’s Largest Gentlemen’s Club,” February 5th 2017 DOSECC to Help Determine Viability of Deep Borehole Waste Storage A’ Design Award and Competition 2017 Last Call for Entries Westharbor Homes and Ludlow Cove Cottages Honored with National Design Awards Pixel Film Studios Recently Released FCPX Toolbox Cinema for Final Cut Pro X SpotterRF Introduces New Upgrades and IndustrialENET Integration PolyU Announces the 2nd Hong Kong Business Sustainability Index Overall Average Score Up 9.5% and Top 20 Companies Up 20.2% TechWell Opens Speaker Submissions for STARCANADA PolyU Stages PolyU Entrepreneurship Parade 2016 to Support 34 Start-Ups Design ‘N’ BUY Re-Launches its Marketplace Solution for Trade Printers and Print Service Providers © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 :Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, Bayer, AstraZeneca, Abbott Labs, Johnson & Johnson Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 :Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, Bayer, AstraZeneca, Abbott Labs, Johnson & Johnson Posted on January 26, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Global Antibacterial Drugs Industry 2017 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/26/2017 — The Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Antibacterial Drugs market. Antibacterial Drugs Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Market report provides a basic overview of the Antibacterial Drugs industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Antibacterial Drugs industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106900#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Pfizer Merck & Co. GlaxoSmithKline Novartis Bayer Taisho Pharmaceuticals AstraZeneca Abbott Labs Daiichi Sankyo Johnson & Johnson Eli Lilly and Company Sanofi SA Global Antibacterial Drugs Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Antibacterial Drugs market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Antibacterial Drugs Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Antibacterial Drugs Overview 2. Global Antibacterial Drugs Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Antibacterial Drugs (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Manufacturers Analysis 5. Antibacterial Drugs Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106900#request-sample Secondly, Antibacterial Drugs Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Antibacterial Drugs Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Antibacterial Drugs Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Antibacterial Drugs industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Antibacterial Drugs Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Antibacterial Drugs industry report. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-antibacterial-drugs-market-2017-pfizer-glaxosmithkline-novartis-bayer-astrazeneca-abbott-labs-johnson-johnson-764206.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist QY Market Research Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/market-analysis/global-antibacterial-drugs-industry-2017.html Latest News Budweiser’s Miesha Tate to Host Vegas’ Sexiest Big Game Football Party at Sapphire Las Vegas, “World’s Largest Gentlemen’s Club,” February 5th 2017 DOSECC to Help Determine Viability of Deep Borehole Waste Storage A’ Design Award and Competition 2017 Last Call for Entries Westharbor Homes and Ludlow Cove Cottages Honored with National Design Awards Pixel Film Studios Recently Released FCPX Toolbox Cinema for Final Cut Pro X SpotterRF Introduces New Upgrades and IndustrialENET Integration PolyU Announces the 2nd Hong Kong Business Sustainability Index Overall Average Score Up 9.5% and Top 20 Companies Up 20.2% TechWell Opens Speaker Submissions for STARCANADA PolyU Stages PolyU Entrepreneurship Parade 2016 to Support 34 Start-Ups Design ‘N’ BUY Re-Launches its Marketplace Solution for Trade Printers and Print Service Providers © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 170/5 (19.5) - SA 169/5 (20) Live SL 66/2 (20) - SA (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Republic Day 2017 Kaabil Raees Donald Trump Bigg Boss 10 Home Health Reuters Health News Summary Shares0 Sat, 28 Jan 2017-10:28am , Reuters Israel acts to decriminalize small-scale marijuana use Israel plans to decriminalize personal marijuana use, Internal Security Minister Gilad Erdan said on Thursday, adopting an approach similar to some U. S. states and European countries. Following is a summary of current health news briefs. Israel acts to decriminalize small-scale marijuana use Israel plans to decriminalize personal marijuana use, Internal Security Minister Gilad Erdan said on Thursday, adopting an approach similar to some U.S. states and European countries. Erdan said that if the government approves his new policy, those caught smoking marijuana would be fined rather than arrested and prosecuted. Criminal procedures would be launched only against those caught repeatedly. FDA warns against use of homeopathic teething products The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday warned consumers against using certain homeopathic teething products, saying it has found high amounts of a toxic substance in some of them and they pose a potential risk to infants and children. Laboratory analysis found amounts of belladonna, a toxic substance, that sometimes far exceeded the amount claimed on the label of these teething tablets, the FDA said. EU food safety body to look again at palm oil health risks The European Food Safety Authority will re-examine its warning on health risks stemming from palm and other vegetable oils, a spokeswoman at the European body said in light of a recent study expressing less concern than EFSA. Food producers across Europe are closely monitoring independent authorities' indications on health risks related to palm oil, a low-cost ingredient which is used in a wide range of products from biscuits to chocolate spreads. Patients with type 1 diabetes may need to check ketones more often Many people with type 1 diabetes don't check frequently enough for buildup of ketones, acids that can cause serious damage to the kidneys and other organs, according to a U.S. study. Ketone monitoring is particularly important when patients with type 1 diabetes are sick or have consistently high glucose levels, the authors write in Diabetes Care. Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. On Thursday, Bristol-Myers managers said Tecentriq is grabbing market share from its I/O drug Opdivo for second-line non-small-cell lung cancer, one factor that forced them to cut their 2017 earnings forecast. YouTube videos on contraceptive implants mostly accurate, mostly positive The internet is not necessarily a bad place to find information about long-term birth control implants, a study suggests. Young women looking online for information about these devices are likely to find YouTube videos that are fairly accurate and mostly recount positive experiences by implant users, researchers report. Cervical surgery for pre-cancer tied to preemies and small babies Women who get surgery to treat precancerous abnormalities on their cervix are more likely to have premature or low-birth weight babies than women who don't have these procedures, a recent study suggests. Researchers focused on women with a common condition known as cervical dysplasia, abnormal tissue growth that is typically caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV). Milder cases of dysplasia may go away on their own, but doctors often surgically remove abnormal tissue in more severe cases to help prevent the condition from progressing to full-blown cervical cancer. Alternative medicine might help treat premature ejaculation Complementary and alternative medicine options may help men manage premature ejaculation, according to a new review of existing research. The improvements were small, and the studies were of varying quality, but preliminary evidence suggests that acupuncture, Chinese herbal medicine, Ayurvedic herbal medicine and a Korean topical cream may all have desirable effects, researchers conclude in the journal Sexual Medicine. Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march U.S. Vice President Mike Pence fired up tens of thousands of anti-abortion activists who gathered on Friday for the 44th March for Life, celebrating a political shift in their favor with the election of President Donald Trump. "Life is winning again in America," Pence told the demonstrators on the National Mall, near where Trump was sworn in a week ago before hundreds of thousands. Arkansas governor signs abortion law banning common procedure Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson signed into law on Thursday a bill banning the most common abortion procedure employed in the second trimester of a pregnancy, among the most restrictive abortion legislation in the United States. The law, which takes effect later this year, prohibits dilation and evacuation, a practice that pro-choice advocates say is the safest method of ending a pregnancy but which supporters of the legislation call "barbaric," requiring the "dismemberment" of the fetus. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health Living in Limbo Health Mumbai: 'Father of laparoscopic surgery in India' nominated for Padma Bhushan Health Eat mushrooms to prevent risk of Dementia, Alzheimer's disease Health Rebalancing gut may help kids with autism Health More vaccines to boost kids’ immunisation plan? Health Vasai civic body takes action to quell local swine flu scare Live Cricket Score Live SL 170/5 (19.5) SL beat SA by 5 wickets SA 169/5 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 66/2 (20) SA (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Activists decry Trump’s anti-abortion policy Video Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut View all Tags Donald Trump Gilad Erdan Arkansas Asa Hutchinson European Food Safety Authority Israel Mike Pence Diabetes Care United States Washington EU Bristol-Myers Squibb Co FDA Roche America Drug Administration Food Safety Authority Merck Sexual Medicine U. S. Food U. S. Food and Drug Administration U. S. Vice SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News 5 army personnel trapped under snow Cycle stands are also being developed from where people Fadnavis pays tributes to Maha soldiers killed in avalanches Pb minister Anil Joshi eyeing hat-trick GSM-Sena combine assures to ban EDMs, rave parties in Goa Sport HIGHLIGHTS-Tennis-Day 13 at the Australian Open Australian Open 2017: It's all about nostalgia India 'A' team announced for two-day practice game against Bangladesh .JohannesburgANI71 Cricket-One Day International South Africa v Sri Lanka line-ups Entertainment Anupam Kher wraps up 'Toilet: Ek Prem Katha' shoot Khiladi Kumar suggests government of developing an app to aid kin of slain soldiers WATCH: Benedict Cumberbatch features in British band Elbow's new song 'Gentle Storm' Kamal Haasan's sweet birthday message for daughter Shruti Box Office: Hrithik Roshan's Kaabil earns Rs 38.87 crore in 3 days! Money Gur remains quiet on little doing Sugar ends flat on some support Prices remain flat in thin trade Kirana: Weak conditions prevailed at the wholesale kirana Copper softens on tepid demand Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
For full functionality, it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. MNT - Hourly Medical News Since 2003 Sign in Register your free account News by email A - B Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Abortion Acid Reflux / GERD Addiction ADHD / ADD Aid / Disasters Alcohol / Illegal Drugs Allergy Alternative Medicine Alzheimer's / Dementia Anxiety / Stress Arthritis / Rheumatology Asbestos / Mesothelioma Asthma Autism Back Pain Bio-terrorism / Terrorism Biology / Biochemistry Bipolar Bird Flu / Avian Flu Blood / Hematology Body Aches Bones / Orthopedics Breast Cancer C - D Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Cancer / Oncology Cardiovascular / Cardiology Caregivers / Homecare Cervical Cancer / HPV Vaccine Cholesterol CJD / vCJD / Mad Cow Disease Cleft Palate Clinical Trials / Drug Trials Colorectal Cancer Complementary Medicine Compliance Conferences COPD Cosmetic Medicine Crohn's Cystic Fibrosis Dentistry Depression Dermatology Diabetes Drug Approvals Dyslexia E - G Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Ear, Nose and Throat Eating Disorders Ebola Eczema / Psoriasis Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Epilepsy Erectile Dysfunction Eye Health / Blindness Fertility Fibromyalgia Flu / Cold / SARS Food Intolerance GastroIntestinal Genetics Gout Gynecology H - L Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Headache / Migraine Health Insurance Hearing / Deafness Heart Disease HIV / AIDS Huntingtons Disease Hypertension Immune System / Vaccines Infectious Diseases Inflammatory Bowel Disease Irritable Bowel Syndrome IT / Internet / E-mail Litigation Liver Disease / Hepatitis Lung Cancer Lupus Lymphology / Lymphedema Lymphoma / Leukemia M - O Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Medical Devices / Diagnostics Medical Innovation Medical Malpractice Medical Practice Management Medical Students / Training Medicare / Medicaid / SCHIP Melanoma / Skin Cancer Men's Health Menopause Mental Health MRI / PET / Ultrasound MRSA / Drug Resistance Multiple Sclerosis Muscular Dystrophy / ALS Myeloma Neurology / Neuroscience Nursing / Midwifery Nutrition / Diet Obesity / Weight Loss / Fitness Ovarian Cancer P - R Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Pain / Anesthetics Palliative Care / Hospice Care Pancreatic Cancer Parkinson's Disease Pediatrics / Children's Health Personal Monitoring Pharma / Biotech Industry Pharmacy / Pharmacist Plastic Surgery Pregnancy / Obstetrics Premature Ejaculation Preventive Medicine Primary Care / General Practice Prostate / Prostate Cancer Psychology / Psychiatry Public Health Pulmonary System Radiology / Nuclear Medicine Regulatory Affairs Rehabilitation Respiratory Restless Legs Syndrome S - Z Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Schizophrenia Seniors / Aging Sexual Health / STDs Sleep / Sleep Disorders Smoking / Quit Smoking Sports Medicine / Fitness Statins Stem Cell Research Stroke Surgery Swine Flu Transplants / Organ Donations Tropical Diseases Tuberculosis Urology / Nephrology Vascular Veterans / Ex-Servicemen Veterinary Viruses / Bacteria Water - Air Quality / Agriculture Wearable Technology Women's Health Search Opinions --- Our top categories   - Blood / Hematology   - Bones / Orthopedics   - Cardiovascular / Cardiology   - Complementary Medicine   - Depression   - Dermatology   - Ear, Nose and Throat   - GastroIntestinal   - Infectious Diseases   - Men's Health   - Neurology / Neuroscience   - Nutrition / Diet   - Pain / Anesthetics   - Pregnancy / Obstetrics   - Public Health   - Sexual Health / STDs   - Sports Medicine / Fitness   - Urology / Nephrology   - Vascular   - Women's Health --- View all categories Categories MNT - Hourly medical news since 2003 Search Opinions Categories Conferences ▼ Agenda Released for the 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference, 18th & 19th May 2017, London Adapted Media Release Published: Friday 27 January 2017 Published: Fri 27 Jan 2017 email SMi Group have released the agenda for its 11th annual Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference featuring its strongest speaker lineup to date. As outsourcing logistical tasks continues to be an emerging lucrative trend within the pharmaceutical industry, SMi Group announces the return of its 11th annual Pharmaceutical Logistics event to London on 18-19th May 2017. The agenda is now live to view on www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/MNT. The two-day event will bring together leading movers and shakers within the pharmaceutical supply chain to discuss significant themes within the evolving pharmaceutical logistics landscape. New topics for this year's event include: the effects of the newly-implemented EU GDP Guidelines implementation of GDP to ensure compliant supply chain operations the impacts of the Falsified Medicines Directive to the supply chain the latest innovations in technology and their applications in clinical research approaches to global supply chain security in the pharma industry new time and temperature controlled risk strategies for the Eurasian and Middle Eastern markets This year's conference will also bring the series' biggest speaker line-up to date. Some of the featured experts include Glen Hodgson, Head of Healthcare, GS1 Bob Hayes, Director, Seer Pharma Chris Wallace, Senior Director International Supply Chain, Sanofi Genzyme Jim Shaw, Head of Sourcing & Supply, AstraZeneca Gaetano Carubia, TSMS Control Strategy ＆Process Monitoring Consultant, Eli Lilly Juan Francisco del Castillo Mazzini, Senior Supply Chain Consultant, Novo Nordisk Rebecca Jackson, VR/IWR Manager, RTS Services, Johnson and Johnson Jasmin Hellwig, Senior Comparator Specialist, MSD Mark Champ, Logistics Supervisor, GSK Jason Breakwell, Vice Chairman, TAPA Francisco Rizzuto, Cargo Specialist Manager for Europe, IATA Martin FitzGerald, Deputy Director General, European Healthcare Distribution Association (GIRP) You can view the full roster of the speakers as well as their presentations on the event website. For those who are interested in attending, there is currently a £400 Early Bird discount available to online registrations, which expires 31st January. Rate this article Agenda Released for the 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference, 18th & 19th May 2017, London Public / Patient Not yet rated Health Professionals Not yet rated Ratings require JavaScript to be enabled. 0 0 email email print References Additional information Citations These tabs require JavaScript to be enabled. Source: SMi Group Visit our Conferences category page for the latest news on this subject, or sign up to our newsletter to receive the latest updates on Conferences. Please use one of the following formats to cite this article in your essay, paper or report: MLA Group, SMi. "Agenda Released for the 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference, 18th & 19th May 2017, London." Medical News Today. MediLexicon, Intl., 27 Jan. 2017. Web. 28 Jan. 2017. <http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/315529.php> APA Group, S. (2017, January 27). "Agenda Released for the 11th Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference, 18th & 19th May 2017, London." Medical News Today. Retrieved from http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/315529.php. Please note: If no author information is provided, the source is cited instead. Contact our news editors For any corrections of factual information, or to contact our editorial team, please see our contact page. Please note: Any medical information published on this website is not intended as a substitute for informed medical advice and you should not take any action before consulting with a health care professional. For more information, please read our terms of use. Copyright Medical News Today: Excluding email/sharing services explicitly offered on this website, material published on Medical News Today may not be reproduced, or distributed without the prior written permission of Medilexicon International Ltd. Please contact us for further details. Most popular in: Conferences Neuroscience in Intensive Care International Symposium (NICIS) - America, March 2-3, 2017, Washington DPharm Europe: Disruptive Innovations to Advance Clinical Trials conference, February 8th and 9th, 2017, London IoT Tech Expo, 23-24th January, London Get 15% Off WIRED Health, March 9th 2017, London 7th Annual Traumatic Brain Injury Conference, May 24-25, 2017, Washington 4th International Workshop on Lung Health, 19-21 January, 2017, Budapest 3rd Annual Formulation & Drug Delivery Congress 2017, 8 - 9 May,, London 6th annual Pharmaceutical Microbiology conference, 18-19 January 2017, London Knowledge Center Use the box above to jump to a specific page, or visit our Knowledge Center. -- Select a subject -- Abscess (Dental) Achalasia Achilles Tendinitis Acid Reflux Acne Acoustic Neuroma (Vestibular Schwannoma) Acromegaly Actinomicosis Actinomycosis Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Acute Myeloid Leukemia Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome Addiction Addison’s Disease (Primary Adrenal Insufficiency) ADHD Adrenal Fatigue Agoraphobia Air Embolism (Gas Embolism) Albinism Alcohol Poisoning Alcoholic Liver Disease Alcoholism Allergy Alopecia Areata Altitude Sickness (Acute Mountain Sickness) Alzheimer's Disease AMD / Macular Degeneration Amenorrhea Amnesia Amniocentesis Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Anagen Effluvium Anal Cancer Anal Fissure Anal Itching (Itchy Bottom) Anaphylaxis Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS) Anemia Anemia (Vitamin Deficiency) Anesthesiologist Aneurysm Anger Angina Angioedema Anhidrosis (Hypohidrosis) Ankylosing Spondylitis Anorexia Nervosa Anthrax Antimicrobial Resistance Antiphospholipid Syndrome (Hughes Syndrome) Anxiety Aphasia Appendicitis Arrhythmia Arsenic Poisoning Arthritis Asperger Syndrome Asthma Astigmatism Ataxia Atherosclerosis Athlete's Foot Atrial Fibrillation Atrophic Vaginitis (Vaginal Atrophy) Autism Avian Influenza Back Pain Bacterial Vaginosis Baker's Cyst (Popliteal Cyst) Balanitis Baldness Bartholin's Cyst Bed Sores (Pressure Ulcers) Bell's Palsy Binge Eating Disorder Bipolar Disorder Bird Flu Blackheads Bladder Cancer Bladder Stones Blastoma Blepharitis Blisters Body Dysmorphic Disorder Body dysmorphic disorder Body Odor (B.O.) Boils, furuncles, carbuncles Bone Cancer Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) Botulism Brain Abscess (Cerebral Abscess) Breast Cancer Breast Cancer (Male) Breast Lumps Breast Pain (Mastalgia) Bronchiectasis (Bronchiectasia) Bronchitis Bulimia Nervosa Bursitis Cancer Candidiasis Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Carcinoma Cardiovascular Disease Carpal Tunnel Syndrome Cartilage Damage Cataracts Catatonic Schizophrenia Cellulite Cellulitis Cerebral Palsy Cerebrovascular Disease Cervical Cancer Cervical Spondylosis Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Chickenpox Child Abuse Childhood schizophrenia Chlamydia Cholecystitis (Gallbladder Inflammation) Cholera Cholestasis Of Pregnancy (Obstetric Cholestasis) Cholesterol Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) Chronic Kidney Failure Chronic Rhinosinusitis (CRS) Cirrhosis CJD Claustrophobia Clostridium Difficile (C. Difficile) Clubfoot (Talipes Equinovarus) Cluster Headache Cold Sores Colic Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Coma (Comatose) Common Cold Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS) Concussion Congenital Heart Disease (Congenital Heart Defect) Conjunctivitis (allergic) Conjunctivitis (infective) Constipation COPD, Emphysema Corns / Calluses Coronary Heart Disease (Coronary Artery Disease) Coronavirus Infection Costello Syndrome Cough Crabs (Pubic Lice) Craniosynostosis Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) Cristoporidiosis Crohn's Disease Croup Cryptorchidism (Undescended Testicle) Cushing's Syndrome Cystic Acne Cystic Fibrosis Cystitis Cysts Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Dandruff Dandruff Deep Vein Thrombosis Degenerative Disc Disease Dehydration Delayed ejaculation Dementia Dengue Fever Depersonalization Depression Detached Retina DHT Diabetes Diabetes Insipidus Diabetic Neuropathy Diabetic Retinopathy Diarrhea Diphtheria Discoid Eczema (Nummular Dermatitis) Disorganized Schizophrenia (Hebephrenia) Diverticulitis Double Vision (Diplopia) Down Syndrome Dry Eye Syndrome Dry Mouth (Xerostomia) Dupuytren’s Contracture Dysautonomia Dysentery Dyslexia Dysphagia Dyspraxia Dystonia E.coli Earwax Impaction Ebola Ectopic Pregnancy Eczema Edema Embolism Emphysema Encephalitis Endocarditis Endometriosis Entropion Enuresis - Bedwetting Epidermolysis Bullosa Epiglottitis Epilepsy Epiphora (Watering Eye) Erectile dysfunction Esophageal Cancer Esophagitis Essential Tremor Euthanasia (Assisted Suicide) Exophthalmos (Bulging Eyes) Eye Melanoma (Ocular Melanoma) Fabry Disease Facelift (Rhytidectomy) Farsightedness (Presbyopia) Fatigue Febrile Seizures (Convulsions) Female Genital Mutilation Fever Fibroids Fibromyalgia Flat Feet (Fallen Arches) Flatulence Food Allergy Food Intolerance Fordyce Spots Fracture (Broken Bones) Frostbite Frozen Shoulder Gallstones Gambling Addiction Ganglion Cyst Gangrene Gastroenteritis / Food Poisoning Gaucher's Disease Genital Warts GERD Giardiasis Gilbert Syndrome Gingivitis Glandular Fever Glaucoma Glomerulonephritis Glue Ear Gluten Intolerance / Celiac Disease Goiter (Goitre) Gonorrhea Gout Graves’ Disease Guillain-Barre Syndrome Gum Disease (Gingivitis) Gynecology Gynecomastia Hair Loss / Baldness Halitosis (Bad Breath) Hangover Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis (Hashimoto’s Disease) Hay Fever Head Lice Headaches Hearing Impairment (Deafness) Heart Attack Heart Block (AV Bundle/Bundle Branch Block) Heart Disease Heart Failure Heart risk Heartburn Heat Rash (Prickly Heat) Heat Stroke (Sunstroke) Heel Pain Hemochromatosis Hemophilia Hemroids / Hemorrhoids Hepatitis Hepatitis C Hernia Herpes Hiccups Hiccups (Hiccoughs) High Blood Pressure Hirsutism (Excessive Hairiness) HIV / AIDS Hives Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) HPV infection Huntington's Disease Hydrocephalus (Water On The Brain) Hyperhidrosis (Excessive Sweating) Hyperlipidemia Hypertension (High Blood Pressure) Hyperthyroidism Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypochondria Hypoglycemia Hypotension Hypothermia Hypothyroidism Hysterectomy Impacted Wisdom Teeth Impetigo Incontinence (bowel) Incontinence (urinary) Indigestion Infant Jaundice Infertility Inflammation Influenza / Flu Ingrown Toenail Insomnia Interstitial Cystitis Irregular Periods (Oligomenorrhea) Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) Irritable Hip (Acute Transient Synovitis) Japanese Encephalitis Jaundice Jet Lag Kawasaki Disease Ketosis Kidney Cancer Kidney Infection (Pyelonephritis) Kidney Stones Kienbock's disease Lactose Intolerance Laryngeal Cancer (Cancer Of The Larynx) Laryngitis Latex Allergy Lazy Eye Leg Cramps Leg Pain Legionnaires' Disease Leprosy Leptospirosis Leukemia Lichen Planus Listeria Infection (Listeriosis) Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Lupus Lyme Disease Lymph glands Lymphedema Lymphoma Mal De Debarquement Syndrome (MdDS) Malaria Male menopause Malnutrition Marfan Syndrome Mastitis Measles Meniere's disease Meningitis Menopause Menorrhagia Mental Health MERS-CoV Mesothelioma Metabolic Syndrome Metatarsalgia (Stone Bruise) Microbiota Microbiome Microcephaly Migraine Miscarriage Moles Molluscum Contagiosum Morning Sickness (Nausea Gravidarum) Morton's Neuroma Motion Sickness (Travel Sickness) Motor Neuron Disease Mouth Cancer MRSA Multiple Myeloma Multiple Sclerosis Mumps Munchausen Syndrome Munchausen Syndrome By Proxy Muscular Dystrophy (MD) Myasthenia Gravis (Goldflam Disease) Nail Fungal Infection Narcissistic Personality Disorder Narcolepsy Nasal Polyps Nausea NDM-1 Necrotizing Fasciitis Neurofibromatosis Neuromyelitis Optica (Devic's Disease) Neuropathy Neurosis Neutropenia Nicotine Dependence (Dangers Of Smoking) Night terrors Noonan Syndrome Norovirus Infection Obesity Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) Occupational Asthma Opioid-Induced Constipation (OIC) Oral Thrush (Babies) Oral Thrush (Oral Candidiasis) Osteoarthritis Osteochondritis Dissecans Osteomyelitis (Bone Infection) Osteopathy Osteoporosis Otitis Externa (Swimmer's Ear) Ovarian Cancer Ovarian Cyst Paget's Disease (Of Bone) Paget's Disease (Of Breast) Pain Painful Intercourse (Dyspareunia) Pancreatic Cancer Pancreatitis (acute) Pancreatitis (chronic) Panic Attacks Panic Attacks Paranoid Schizophrenia Parasites Parkinson's Disease Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Peptic Ulcers Pericarditis Period Pains Periodontitis Peripheral Artery Disease (PAD) Personality Disorders Peyronie’s disease Phobias Piles (Hemorrhoids) Pimples Pinworms (Threadworms) Pleurisy Pneumococcal Disease Pneumonia Poison Ivy Rash Polio Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Polyuria (Frequent Urination) Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) Postherpetic Neuralgia Postpartum Depression Prader-Willi Syndrome Preeclampsia Premature Ejaculation Premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) Premenstrual Syndrome (PMS) Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis Progeria Prominent Ears Prostate Cancer Psoriasis Psoriasis Psychosis Pulmonary Edema (Oedema) Pulmonary Embolism Pulmonary hypertension Q Fever Rabies Radiation Sickness (Radiation Poisoning) Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Raynaud's Disease Rectocele (Proctocele) REM Behavior Disorder Repetitive Strain Injury (RSI) Respiratory Syncytial Virus Restless Legs Syndrome Rheumatic Fever Rheumatoid Arthritis Rhinitis, Non-Allergic Rickets Ringworm Rosacea Rubella Ruptured Spleen Salivary Gland Cancer Salmonella Sarcoma SARS Scabies Scarlet Fever (Scarlatina) Schistosomiasis (Bilharzia) Schizoaffective Disorder Schizophrenia Sciatica Scleroderma Scoliosis Scurvy Seasonal Affective Disorder Seborrheic Keratosis Sepsis Sexual Addiction (Nymphomania) Shin Splints Shingles Short Stature (Dwarfism) Sinusitis Sjogren's Syndrome Skin Cancer / Melanoma Skin Tags Slapped Cheek Syndrome Sleep Apnea Sleep Paralysis Social Anxiety Disorder Spina Bifida Spinal Muscular Atrophy Squint (Strabismus) Stomach Cancer (Gastric Cancer) Strep Throat / Sore Throat Stress Stress Incontinence Stretch Marks Stroke Stuttering Stye (Hordeolum) Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Suicidal Thoughts Sunburn Sunscreen Swine Flu Syphilis Systematic reviews Tachycardia (Fast Heart Beat) Takotsubo cardiomyopathy Tapeworms (Cestodes) Teeth Grinding (Bruxism) Tendinitis (Tendonitis) Testicular Cancer Testicular Torsion Tetanus Thalassemia Thyroid Cancer Thyroid Nodules Tinnitus Tiredness / Fatigue Tobacco Smoke Toxins Tonsillitis Tourette Syndrome Toxic Shock Syndrome (TSS) Transient Ischemic Attack transient ischemic attack Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) Trigeminal Neuralgia Triple X Syndrome Tuberculosis Tumor Turner Syndrome Typhoid Ulcerative Colitis Umbilical Hernia Urethritis Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) Uveitis Vaculitis (Angiitis) Vaginal Cancer Vaginismus Vaginitis Valley Fever (Coccidioidomycosis) Varicocele Varicose Eczema (Stasis Dermatitis) Varicose Veins Ventricular Fibrillation Vertigo Vesicoureteral Reflux (VUR) Vitamin B12 Deficiency Vitiligo Vocal Cord Paresis (Paralysis) Von Willebrand Disease Vulvar Cancer (Vulval Cancer) Vulvodynia Warts Water On The Knee (Knee Effusion) Water Retention (Fluid Retention) Wegener's Granulomatosis Wernicke-Korsakoff Syndrome West Nile Virus (WNV) Wheat Allergy Whiplash Whipple's Disease Whooping Cough (Pertussis) Williams Syndrome Wilms’ Tumor (Nephroblastoma) Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome Yeast infection (male) Yellow Fever Yips Zika virus Zollinger-Ellison Syndrome Read our more detailed articles about specific areas of medicine, conditions, nutrition and forms of treatment. Scroll to top Navigate Our most popular news MNT editorial articles Complete category list MNT knowledge center Your MNT Personalize MNT Login or sign-up MNT newsletters Share our content About MNT About us Our editorial team Contact us Advertising with MNT Submit news articles More from MNT Accessibility Help & FAQ News feeds from MNT Privacy policy | Terms of use | Advertising policy MediLexicon International Ltd, Brighton, UK © 2004-2017 All rights reserved. MNT is the registered trade mark of Healthline Media. This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information. This page was printed from: http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/315529.php Visit www.medicalnewstoday.com for medical news and health news headlines posted throughout the day, every day. © 2004-2017 All rights reserved. MNT is the registered trade mark of MediLexicon International Limited.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Snack-Loving Deer Visits Norwegian Pensioner Twice a Day Every Winter The True Causes of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome → Robert F Kennedy Jr’s devastating quotes on vaccines and the CDC Posted on January 27, 2017 by Mary Jon Rappoport From Kennedy’s video presentation, “7 Minutes on the CDC,” Anne Dachel (Age of Autism) has transcribed excerpts. This is explosive material, particularly because there is a chance Kennedy will head up an investigation of vaccine safety under Trump. Kennedy understands the inherent conflict of interest at the CDC, which operates as a vaccine sales and marketing company, while at the same time posing as a neutral scientific body that assesses vaccine safety—AND OF COURSE, THE CDC PRESENTS AN EVER-EXPANDING SCHEDULE OF “NECESSARY” VACCINES TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.  Think of it: the CDC has the power—backed by federal and state governments, and supported by the fake-news media—to buy and sell vaccines, while deciding how many vaccines the population should submit to. What salesman wouldn’t want to work for an outfit like that? Here are Kennedy’s remarks. Read them, study them, and learn the truth: “The CDC is a very troubled agency, and it’s not just me saying that. There have been four separate, intensive federal investigations by the United States Congress—a three year investigation, 2001, 2002, 2003, by the United States Senate, Tom Coburn’s committee, by the Inspector General of HHS in 2008, by the Office Integrity in 2014. All of them have painted the CDC as a cesspool of corruption, of an agency that has become an absolute subsidiary of the pharmaceutical industry, and that has become a sock puppet, a spokesperson, a shill for the industry.” “CDC is not an independent agency. It is a vaccine company. CDC owns over twenty vaccine patents. It sells about $4.6 billion of vaccines every year. And its primary metric for success in all the departments in the agency are vaccine sales. The groups, for example the Immunization Safety Office, where the scientists who are supposed to be looking at efficacy and safety in vaccines, they are no longer a public service…agency. They are subsumed in that metric: We have to sell as many of these things as possible. And so they do things to their science to make sure that nothing interferes—no information—interferes with sales. “Now there are two divisions of the vaccine branch where we worry about the corruption. The first one is called the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices. That is the committee that makes the decision about what new vaccines to add to the schedule.” “When I was a boy, I got three vaccines. My children got sixty-nine vaccines. It changed in 1989.” “Why did it change in 1989?” “Because in 1986, Congress, [was] drowning in pharmaceutical industry money—pharma puts more money into lobbying than any other industry—Pharmaceutical companies have more lobbyists on Capitol Hill than there are Congress people.” “Do you think oil and gas has big influence in the Capitol? Well, that’s the next biggest. The pharmaceutical industry puts twice into lobbying, double the amount that the oil and gas, and four times what defense and aero space put in. So they control Congress.” “In 1986, Congress passed the Vaccine Act, and there were good reasons for them to pass it. …At that time vaccine companies were being sued and were threatening to stop making vaccines. [Congress] said, okay, we’re going to insulate them from lawsuits. They made it illegal to sue a vaccine company in this country, no matter how reckless the behavior, no matter how negligent, no matter how toxic the product, no matter how grievous the injury to the child, you cannot sue.” “You know how badly the pharmaceutical industry behaves when they are being sued, when there’s a whole bar of lawyers who spend their whole life looking for ways to sue the pharmaceutical industry and tell these stories to juries, and how many billions every year are won from that industry.” “What do you think would happen if all of a sudden, all the lawyers disappeared, all the class action suits, all the multi district litigation, all the depositions, all the document searches, the discovery? Just gone. Nobody can sue. You can make anything you want.” “And then they made it so that it was much easier to get a vaccine on the schedule than it was to get a pharmaceutical into the market. There’s no double blind placebo studies. They’re all fast tracked into the market place.” “The decision is made by this group, the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices. And you’d hope that the people who would serve on that committee would be kind of nerdy scientists who are narrowly focused on public health outcomes, but that’s not who they are. The people who serve on that committee, almost all of them, have strong financial ties to the pharmaceutical industry.” “I’ll give you an example of how this committee works. In 1999, Paul Offit sat on that committee. And when you go to this committee, when you go to their meetings, the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices is in one room, and then there’s a press deck in the next room. You have a whole bunch of seats there with guys who look like me, in suits. They’re Wall Street analysts, pharmaceutical analysts. They’re waiting to hear the decision. And as soon as they come out and announce which new vaccines they put on the schedule, those guys run out in the hallway and get on their cell phones, and you can watch the stocks spike. So it’s become an economic enterprise.” “Paul Offit sat on the committee in 1999 that added the rota virus vaccine to the schedule. He owned a patent to a rota virus vaccine. He was then able to sell his vaccine to Merck for $186 million. He pocketed something around $29 million. He’s never allowed anybody to ask him exactly how much, but according to the formula that they use, he would have gotten at least $29 million.” “That caused a little bit of a scandal in Washington, and the Inspector General of HHS was sent to investigate it. They did a complete investigation of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, and what they found, what they concluded was what he did was not illegal under CDC rules. Sixty-four percent of the people who sat on that committee had conflicts that were similar to Paul Offit, and ninety-seven percent might have conflicts because the rest of them never made out their conflict of interest forms. And nobody ever made them do it.” “It’s very difficult when those kinds of shenanigans are going on. The American people have faith that all of these new vaccines that were added, beginning in 1989, are put there solely because this committee is concerned with public health.” Got it? This is four years’ worth of university political-science curriculum in seven minutes. Well, the actual title is politicized science. Every American who can read should read it. This is what is really going on at America’s number-one public health agency—the agency that is also a corporation. This is war against the American people from within. Jon Rappoport The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails atNoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine. Jon Rappoport Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 267 ← Snack-Loving Deer Visits Norwegian Pensioner Twice a Day Every Winter The True Causes of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Katie on Are Americans Racists? Bullwinkle on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank Samuel on Congress maneuvers to give away 640 million acres of American land Angel-NYC on Congress maneuvers to give away 640 million acres of American land Cynicles on Are Americans Racists? Angel-NYC on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank Angel-NYC on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank BMF on Snack-Loving Deer Visits Norwegian Pensioner Twice a Day Every Winter Paul on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank Cleatus on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank mary in ND on Dealing With Checkpoint America Andrew on My Life in Old Mexico Enemy of the State on Hillary’s 2 Doctors At TRUMP Ceremony! Clinton DYING? (Parkinson’s / Collapse) Andrew on My Life in Old Mexico Millard on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank Samuel on Cops can’t be forced to return marijuana in failed drug cases, Colorado Supreme Court says St.Maur1066 on Dealing With Checkpoint America Martist on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank Millard on Male, Female Marines In The Infantry Will Have To Share The Same Tents Hal Apeeno on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Ruling expected next week after 2 days of hearings for 10 suspended Gophers players Sen. Franken hears criticism of Trump ed nominee DeVos St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Critics: Downtown St. Paul skyways are unsafe, unsightly, mismanaged A fitter Sano shows Twins he's ready to take next step Dubnyk's family savors moment of NHL All-Star trip A toss of the hat: Minneapolis flash mob pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well next Blog 411999026 Inside Track Trump to meet with 3M and other manufacturing CEOs By Dee DePass January 27, 2017 — 2:53pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint President Donald Trump announced a Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Friday that he said will include meetings with the chief executives of America's largest manufacturing firms and trade groups, including 3M Company CEO Inge Thulin. Trump's press office issued a statement Friday saying, "The President will be meeting with some of the world’s most successful and creative business leaders to share their experiences and gain their insights. President Trump plans to continually seek information and perspectives from a diverse range of business leaders...on how best to promote job growth." The initial round of leaders invited to participate in the initiative include the heads of Maplewood-based 3M as well as Dow Chemical, Lockheed Martin, General Electric, and many others. For the full list, see below. In response to Trump's invitation, Thulin said in a statement that  he is "honored to be asked to participate in this Presidential initiative and looks forward to engaging "on the important issues relating to American manufacturing." It is not yet known when the meetings will be scheduled or which topics will be covered. Manufacturing experts said they expect issues discussed to include workforce training, the robotics, programming and technology needs of today's factories as well as tax and regulatory relief, exports, trade tariffs, and patent protections. Initial business leaders assisting with Trump's Manufacturing Jobs Initiative include: Andrew Liveris, The Dow Chemical Company Bill Brown, Harris Corporation Michael Dell, Dell Technologies John Ferriola, Nucor Corporation Jeff Fettig, Whirlpool Corporation Mark Fields, Ford Motor Company Ken Frazier, Merck & Co., Inc. Alex Gorsky, Johnson & Johnson Greg Hayes, United Technologies Corp. Marilynn Hewson, Lockheed Martin Corporation Jeff Immelt, General Electric Jim Kamsickas, Dana Inc. Klaus Kleinfeld, Arconic Brian Krzanich, Intel Corporation Rich Kyle, The Timken Company Thea Lee, AFL-CIO Mario Longhi, U.S. Steel Denise Morrison, Campbell Soup Company Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing Elon Musk, Tesla Doug Oberhelman, Caterpillar Scott Paul, Alliance for American Manufacturing Kevin Plank, Under Armour Mike Polk, Newell Brands Mark Sutton, International Paper Inge Thulin, 3M Richard Tumka, AFL-CIO Wendell Weeks, Corning         Older Post Minneapolis marketing firm Broadhead sells Clutch A look at what’s behind today's Minnesota business headlines. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list Take a look inside 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' house for sale in Mpls. Vikings' Bridgewater still rehabbing with no set timeline to return Family of teen who died after wisdom teeth procedure sues Edina dentist Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? Why Trump will find it hard to make American economy greater KKR buys Calabrio, Minneapolis maker of call-center analysis software Sunday's golf results Saturday's golf results A resurgent Africa seeks U.S. partners More From Inside Track Blogs January 27 Trump to meet with 3M and other manufacturing CEOs Trump announces new manufacturing jobs initiative and future meetings with factory CEOs, including 3M's Thulin Blogs January 27 Minneapolis marketing firm Broadhead sells Clutch Consulting group Clutch is now fully independent. Blogs January 27 Minnesota companies less likely to split the chairman and CEO roles. Fortune 500 companies now split the chairman and CEO more than half the time, but Minnesota companies are slightly less likely to do so. Blogs January 26 Winona's Merchants Bank is a proxy for stronger Mn. banking industry Employee-owned Merchants Bank posted another record year in 2016, doing business from Apple Valley to the southeast corner of Minnesota. It's a good performer in a Minnesota bank trade that is leaner but more productive and profitable over the last several years. Blogs January 23 Minnesota's NFL and Olympian apparel firm, WSI Sports, teams with LYM to make hats for cancer patients Eagan-based WSI Sports partners with Love Your Melon (LYM), a Minneapolis firm that makes warm hats for kids battling cancer. Top Stories Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota 1:17am Ruling expected next week after 2 days of hearings for 10 suspended Gophers players Jan. 27 Sen. Franken hears criticism of Trump ed nominee DeVos Jan. 27 Most Read Extended Midwinter Weather Siesta - Mild Streak Now 17 Months/Row at MSP • Blogs Supernaturally Quiet and "Average" - Perils of Vacation Weather Shaming • Blogs Meijer, Lucky's, 365 look to enter Twin Cities grocery scene • Blogs Sherman, Mortenson and newcomer Saturday Properties bid for Guthrie Liner Parcel • Blogs More diverse suppliers one legacy of U.S. Bancorp's Richard Davis • Blogs World Al-Shabab, Kenya claim dozens of deaths in Somalia attack Warnings of rising xenophobia on Holocaust remembrance day Nation Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Brutal western US winter has been terrible for animals Politics Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Dubnyk's family savors moment of NHL All-Star trip Wild assistant coach Stevens, former coach Lemaire among NHL's 100 Greatest Wolves Wolves' increase in assists a positive sign Video shows why people mourn LaVine's decision to skip dunk contest Gophers Gophers pressing for a victory as No. 22 Maryland comes to town Gophers headed for North Star Cup third-place game after loss to UMD Celebrities Willie Nelson cancels 2 of 5 Las Vegas shows due to illness 'Mannix' star Mike Connors dies at 91 Vikings Vikings' Bridgewater still rehabbing with no set timeline to return Mailbag: Cordarrelle Patterson to running back? Issues beyond Peterson? poll Poll: Who should get the most minutes at point guard for the Wolves? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Best thing about new 'Star Wars'? Girls like me won't have to play Chewbacca Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Fans flock to Oak Grill, Skyroom as 113-year Minneapolis tradition ends From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Home News Articles NYSE:ABBV AbbVie's revenue miss clouds strong Humira US sales Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 14:17 27 Jan 2017 AbbVie Inc shares were lower on Friday after the pharma reported quarterly adjusted revenue that missed analysts' estimates as weaker-than-expected sales of its hepatitis C treatment and cancer therapy overshadowed strong US demand for its flagship drug, Humira Is AbbVie's test tube half full or half empty? Abbvie Inc (NYSE:ABBV) shares were lower on Friday after the pharma reported quarterly adjusted revenue that missed analysts' estimates as weaker-than-expected sales of its hepatitis C treatment and cancer therapy overshadowed strong US demand for its flagship drug, Humira. The company's shares were down 2.4% at $59.80 on Friday, erasing more than $2.5bn of its market value. AbbVie has sharpened its focus on oncology to reduce its reliance on Humira. The company bought Pharmacyclics and its half-ownership of the leukemia drug, Imbruvica, for $21bn in 2015. Sales of the drug, which is also sold by Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), fell short of fourth-quarter expectations, partly due to an inventory issue. However, AbbVie said it expects 2017 Imbruvica sales of $2.4bn, up from $1.83bn last year. Sales of Abbvie's hepatitis C treatment, Vikiera Pak, also missed estimates, hurt by competition from Gilead Sciences Inc (NASDAQ:GILD) and Merck & Co Inc (NYSE:MRK). The company forecast full-year Vikiera sales of $1bn, below the $1.52bn the drug yielded last year. The sales expectations come when investors are already jittery about looming biosimilar competition for Humira, the world's top-selling drug as well as uncertainties around the sector if US President Donald Trump carries out his threat to stamp on high-rise drug prices. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version George Matlock Register here to be notified of future ABBV Company articles View full ABBV profile Abbvie Timeline Article October 30 2015 AbbVie surges after raising long-term guidance View All Related Articles Akers Biosciences loads bases with European breath scan patent November 10 2016 Patent safeguards the technology at the heart of the device that offers a non-invasive method of monitoring diabetes. finnCap has a good gut feeling about OptiBiotix Tue The City broker says OptiBiotix is “well-positioned” to be a leader in the growing microbiome space Constellation Healthcare Technologies: Consolidating a complex and fragmented market March 24 2016 Constellation has identified a significant market opportunity in healthcare billing management. RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Abbvie View full company profile At AbbVie, we have the expertise of a proven pharmaceutical leader and the focus and passion of an entrepreneur and innovator. The result is something rare in health care today – a global biopharmaceutical company that has the ability to discover and advance... Read more At AbbVie, we have the expertise of a proven pharmaceutical leader and the focus and passion of an entrepreneur and innovator. The result is something rare in health care today – a global biopharmaceutical company that has the ability to discover and advance innovative therapies and meet the health needs of people and societies around the globe. Hide text Proactive Investors Recommended Akers Biosciences loads bases with European breath scan patent Advanced Oncotherapy: Hadron Collider to Harley Street Deltex's US arm ready to lead as 30 hospitals sign up International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 9:38pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Business events scheduled for the coming week 7:25 AM Saturday Jan 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Business events and economic reports scheduled for the coming week: All times are Eastern. MONDAY, Jan. 30 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for December, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for December, 10 a.m. TUESDAY, Jan. 31 WASHINGTON " Standard & Poor's releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for November, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates. Aetna Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Pfizer Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. United Parcel Service Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. WEDNESDAY, Feb. 1 WASHINGTON " Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. DETROIT " Automakers release vehicle sales for January. Continued below. Related Content Niki Bezzant: Does a bit of butter butter better? Your views: Readers' letters Foreign students left in lurch Altria Group Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Facebook Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. THURSDAY, Feb. 2 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. LONDON " Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON " Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO " Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI " RBI decision on interest rates. Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. FRIDAY, Feb. 3 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. LONDON " Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO " Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Mount lead Eastern Region champs Mt Maunganui have pulled out to an early lead during the first day of competition at… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… Bite Wholemeal apricot slice Heat oven to 160C. Grease a 17 x 27cm slice tin and line with nonstick baking paper… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 28 Jan 2017 22:34:57 Processing Time: 57ms
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States GE, Exxon, Boeing Sink DJIA on Monday By Paul Ausick January 23, 2017 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet January 23, 2017: Markets opened slightly higher Monday but shares soon dipped below the break-even line and spent the rest of the day in the red. Most sectors are trading in the red, led by energy and industrials. Of S&P’s 11 sectors only real-estate is trade solidly in the green. WTI crude oil for March delivery settled at $52.75 a barrel, down about 0.9% on the day. February gold added 0.9% on the day to settle at $1,215.60. Equities were headed for a lower close close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.08% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.19%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.01%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Monday was General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) which traded down 2.78% at $29.68. The stock’s 52-week range is $76.55 to $90.33. Volume was about 50% higher than the daily average of around 32 million shares. The company had no specific news, but last Friday’s earnings report continues to weigh on the shares.. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded down 1.07% at $61.86. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97 to $65.46. Volume was about 30% lower than the daily average of around 11.6 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) traded down 1.06% at $84.98. The stock’s 52-week range is $73.55 to $95.55. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 11.3 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 0.92% at $158.07. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $160.30. Volume was 15% below the daily average of around 3.5 million shares. The company had no specific news, but continuing noises about a trade war with China are not good for Boeing. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 11 are on track to close higher Friday and 19 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why This Seizure Drug Matters So Much for Marinus Pharma Teva, Gilead Sciences Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets States With the Best (and Worst) Schools America's Best States to Live In Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? Earnings Growth Returns, Will it Continue? U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Wells Fargo Complaints Vanish From Labor Department Website Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 31 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump taps Mich. business leaders for jobs initiative Initial meetings are expected to include Whilpool Chairman and CEO Jeff Fettig; Ford CEO and President Mark Fields; Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk; and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumk and AFL-CIO Deputy Chief of Staff Thea Lee, among others. Post to Facebook Trump taps Mich. business leaders for jobs initiative Initial meetings are expected to include Whilpool Chairman and CEO Jeff Fettig; Ford CEO and President Mark Fields; Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk; and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumk and AFL-CIO Deputy Chief of Staff Thea Lee, among others.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2kbipMu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 37 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump taps Mich. business leaders for jobs initiative Melissa Nann Burke, and Michael Wayland 11:19 a.m. ET Jan. 27, 2017 Buy Photo Donald Trump and Dow Chemical chairman Andrew Liveris shake hands at a December rally. Liveris is organizing the business meetings. (Photo: Dale G. Young / The Detroit News)Buy Photo trump The White House is including several Michigan business leaders, from Ford Motor Co., Whirlpool Corp. and Dow Chemical Co., in an initiative to boost manufacturing jobs. President Donald Trump plans to hold a series of meetings organized by Dow Chairman and CEO Andrew Liveris with business leaders "to share their experiences and gain their insights," according to the White House. "President Trump plans to continually seek information and perspectives from a diverse range of business leaders ... on how best to promote job growth and get Americans back to work again," the administration said in a statement Friday. In addition to Liveris, the initial meetings are expected to include Whirlpool Chairman and CEO Jeff Fettig; Ford CEO and President Mark Fields; Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk; and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka and AFL-CIO Deputy Chief of Staff Thea Lee, among others. Officials with some companies did not immediately respond for comment on their executives being part of the group, which will be a working panel of business leaders for the White House but will not issue policy recommendations. “The Manufacturing Jobs Initiative will offer perspectives and information to President Trump and his Administration on a variety of policy priorities that will spur job growth and productivity in the U.S. manufacturing sector,” a Dow spokeswoman said in a statement Friday. “This diverse group of leading manufacturing CEOs and Labor leaders will help identify and work with experts from across the country to make U.S. manufacturing more competitive. The work of the Initiative members will be a major step in helping the U.S. reclaim its role as the world's manufacturing leader.” The AFL-CIO’s Trumka, in a statement to The Detroit News, said he looks “forward to working on this bipartisan issue to ensure that our country continues to be a leader on manufacturing innovation, as well as the creation of good jobs.” “For too long, American manufacturing workers have seen their industries and communities decimated by misguided trade policies and inadequate investments in skills and infrastructure,” he said. “I know that American workers are the best, the brightest and the hardest working.” Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said in a statement that Fields “welcomes the opportunity to offer perspective on how the Trump Administration’s policies can support U.S. manufacturing and American jobs.” The manufacturing initiative comes a day after the White House said Trump would consider paying for a border wall with Mexico — estimated to cost up to $15 billion — by imposing a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico. If Trump proposed such a plan and if it was approved by Congress, it would deal a blow to Detroit’s three automakers, which have factories in Mexico that export vehicles not only to foreign countries but also to the United States. It is among a buffet of options under consideration, administration officials stressed later Thursday. Trump sat down this week with several business leaders, including the CEOS from Detroit’s automaker on Tuesday. Fields as well as Liveris and others also met with Trump Monday to discuss business, followed by a meeting between Trump and several organized labor leaders. Musk also was named last month to a Strategic and Policy Forum that frequently will advise Trump on economic issues and jobs growth. Others included in the group were General Motors’ CEO Mary Barra, Uber Technologies CEO Travis Kalanick and PepsiCo. CEO Indra Nooyi, among others. Both Fields and Barra have previously said they look forward to working with Trump and the new administration. The full list of initial business leaders assisting with the Manufacturing Jobs Initiative include: Andrew Liveris, The Dow Chemical Co. Bill Brown, Harris Corp. Michael Dell, Dell Technologies John Ferriola, Nucor Corp. Jeff Fettig, Whirlpool Corp. Mark Fields, Ford Motor Co. Ken Frazier, Merck & Co. Inc. Alex Gorsky, Johnson & Johnson Greg Hayes, United Technologies Corp. Marillyn Hewson, Lockheed Martin Corp. Jeff Immelt, General Electric Jim Kamsickas, Dana Inc. Klaus Kleinfeld, Arconic Brian Krzanich, Intel Corp. Rich Kyle, The Timken Co. Thea Lee, AFL-CIO Mario Longhi, U.S. Steel Denise Morrison, Campbell Soup Co. Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing Elon Musk, Tesla Doug Oberhelman, Caterpillar Scott Paul, Alliance for American Manufacturing Kevin Plank, Under Armour Michael Polk, Newell Brands Mark Sutton, International Paper Inge Thulin, 3M Richard Trumka, AFL-CIO Wendell Weeks, Corning mburke@detroitnews.com Detroit News staff writer Ian Thibodeau contributed 31 CONNECTTWEET 3 LINKEDIN 37 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2kbipMu TOP VIDEOS DPD seeks help to identify suspect in malicious destruction at gas station 0:23 Detroit Department of Elections 'vindicated' 3:13 Man wrongly accused of fraud by Michigan speaks out 2:22 President's immigration policies criticized 4:16 Warren city council meeting 3:52 Family speaks out at drunk driver's sentencing 6:46 Suspects sought in robbery of assisted living facility in Detroit 0:20 Thunderbirds to fly over Selfridge this summer 1:15 Thousands of women march, dance in Detroit's 'Sister March' 2:09 Metro Detroit residents head to Women's March in Washington 1:48
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 27, 2017January 27, 2017 by Press Release Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) – 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025 – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the “Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) – 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025” report to their offering. Lung cancer is currently is the most common cause of death from cancer worldwide. Of total lung cancer incident cases, approximately 85% are the non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) subtype. NSCLC patients are usually diagnosed in the later stages of the disease, with poor prognosis. Historically, treatment options for advanced-stage NSCLC patients have been dominated by chemotherapy. However, the launch of targeted therapies such as Iressa (gefitinib) in 2003, Tarceva (erlotinib) in 2004, and Xalkori (crizotinib) in 2011, has shifted the treatment landscape towards personalized medicine. In 2015, the NSCLC market in the 5EU was an estimated $1.53B. This growth is fueled by the increasing use of immunotherapies across histologies and lines of therapy in NSCLC. Particularly, the use of PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors in first-line therapy of NSCLC is expected to take away significant sales from conventional chemotherapies that are typically used in the first line. Merck & Co.’s Keytruda is the current front-runner in the first-line setting, as it’s already approved as a monotherapy for =50% PD-L1+ patients, and is showing benefit in combination with chemotherapy regardless of PD-L1 expression. Scope – Overview of NSCLC including epidemiology, etiology, symptoms, diagnosis, pathology and treatment guidelines as well as an overview on the competitive landscape. – Detailed information on the key drugs in 5EU including product description, safety and efficacy profiles as well as a SWOT analysis. – Sales forecast for the top drugs in 5EU from 2015-2025. – Analysis of the impact of key events as well the drivers and restraints affecting 5EU NSCLC market. Key Topics Covered: 1 Tables & Figures 2 Introduction 3 Disease Overview 4 Disease Management 5 Competitive Assessment 6 Unmet Needs Assessment and Opportunity Analysis 7 Pipeline Assessment 8 Market Outlook 9 Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qwj94b/nonsmall_cell CategoriessatPRnews TagsCO, Current, Stage Post navigation Previous PostPrevious First Choice Bank Declares $0.20 as the Initiation of a Quarterly Cash Dividend Next PostNext Aluminum Chlorohydrate Market Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2016-2021 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Market Stance of Global Rosin Size Forecasted for the Period of 2016-2021 January 28, 2017 1 USD Buy Launched One Dollar Laptop Along with Many Other Low-Cost Products January 28, 2017 Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad January 28, 2017 Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel January 28, 2017 Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided January 28, 2017 Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves January 28, 2017 Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America January 28, 2017 New Floors from Syracuse Flooring America Transform Any Room Quickly & Efficiently January 28, 2017 Baby Play Mats Get Safer and Adorable with the New Online Store, Bubble and Bee January 28, 2017 Explore New Ways to Upgrade a Home During the Red Carpet Clearance Sale at Noel Maestri’s Flooring America in Covington, LA January 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos: Polar Bear Plunge 2017 The Armoury What's new with Baltimore sports apparel maker Under Armour Business The Armoury Under Armour's Kevin Plank is part of Trump's ongoing manufacturing jobs initiative Jeff BarkerContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun Plank likely to make return White House visits as part of Trump's job creation panel The White House today released a list of 28 business leaders -- including Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank -- it said will be part of President Trump's ongoing manufacturing jobs initiative. The initiative is part of the president's overall job creation agenda. "President Trump plans to continually seek information and perspectives from a diverse range of business leaders," the White House release said, "on how best to promote job growth and get Americans back to work again."  While the group is expected to offer input, the White House said it will not seek a consensus of the members on specific recommendations. Among the business leaders participating are Plank, Bill Brown of Harris Corp., Michael Dell of Dell Technologies, Jeff Fettig of Whirlpool Corp., Mark Fields of Ford Motor Co., Andrew Liveris of the Dow Chemical Co., Mario Longhi of U.S. Steel and Ken Frazier of Merck & Co. Under Armour founder Kevin Plank was among the business leaders that met with President Donald Trump in the White House on the new Commander in Chief's first weekday in the Oval Office. The first series of meetings were organized by Liveris. The release did not specify how frequently the group would convene. It said the attendees "may or may not change from session to session, but the specific agenda subjects will likely change because of the importance of this issue to the American economy and its workers." On Monday, Plank attended the group's first meeting. “Under Armour is committed to developing innovative ways for businesses to support and invest in American manufacturing," said Diane Pelkey, Under Armour senior vice president for global communications. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Kevin Plank White House Under Armour Kevin Plank reflects on early days when he was flat broke Kevin Plank, other business leaders meet with Trump Under Armour describes how athletes are picked for 'signature' shoes Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 35°
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) – 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025 – Research and Markets 27 January 2017Military News DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) – 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025” report to their offering. Lung cancer is currently is the most common cause of death from cancer worldwide. Of total lung cancer incident cases, approximately 85% are the non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) subtype. NSCLC patients are usually diagnosed in the later stages of the disease, with poor prognosis. Historically, treatment options for advanced-stage NSCLC patients have been dominated by chemotherapy. However, the launch of targeted therapies such as Iressa (gefitinib) in 2003, Tarceva (erlotinib) in 2004, and Xalkori (crizotinib) in 2011, has shifted the treatment landscape towards personalized medicine. In 2015, the NSCLC market in the 5EU was an estimated $1.53B. This growth is fueled by the increasing use of immunotherapies across histologies and lines of therapy in NSCLC. Particularly, the use of PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors in first-line therapy of NSCLC is expected to take away significant sales from conventional chemotherapies that are typically used in the first line. Merck & Co.’s Keytruda is the current front-runner in the first-line setting, as it’s already approved as a monotherapy for =50% PD-L1+ patients, and is showing benefit in combination with chemotherapy regardless of PD-L1 expression. Scope – Overview of NSCLC including epidemiology, etiology, symptoms, diagnosis, pathology and treatment guidelines as well as an overview on the competitive landscape. – Detailed information on the key drugs in 5EU including product description, safety and efficacy profiles as well as a SWOT analysis. – Sales forecast for the top drugs in 5EU from 2015-2025. – Analysis of the impact of key events as well the drivers and restraints affecting 5EU NSCLC market. Key Topics Covered: 1 Tables & Figures 2 Introduction 3 Disease Overview 4 Disease Management 5 Competitive Assessment 6 Unmet Needs Assessment and Opportunity Analysis 7 Pipeline Assessment 8 Market Outlook 9 Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qwj94b/nonsmall_cell Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged front Uncategorized Post navigation Two Day Nasal Drug Delivery Conference (London, United Kingdom – April 6-7, 2017) – Research and Markets Unregistered gas fitter fined Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Depression Drug Market By 2020 Set for Rapid Growth, To Reach Around 11.3 USD Billion 27 January 2017Military News The report covers forecast and analysis for the depression drug market on a global and regional level. The study provides historic data of 2014 along with a forecast from 2015 to 2020 based revenue (USD Million). The study includes drivers and restraints for the depression drug market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period. Additionally, the report includes study of opportunities available in the depression drug market on a global level. Request Sample Report: bit.ly/1pwZCta In order to give the users of this report a comprehensive view on the depression drug market, we have included a detailed competitive scenario, and product portfolio of key vendors. To understand the competitive landscape in the market, an analysis of Porter’s five forces model for the depression drug market has also been included. The study encompasses a market attractiveness analysis, wherein application segments are benchmarked based on their market size, growth rate and general attractiveness. The study provides a decisive view on the depression drug market by segmenting the market based class and region. The different classs of depression also have different symptoms, including major or clinical depressive disorder, postpartum depression, dysthymic disorder, psychotic depression and seasonal affective disorder. Depending upon class global depression drug market is segmented as anticonvulsants, serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), beta-blockers, benzodiazepines, tetracyclic antidepressants (TeCAs) and monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) among others. The regional segmentation includes the current and forecast demand for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa with its further bifurcation into major countries including U.S. Germany, France, UK, China, Japan, India and Brazil. Do Inquiry before buying: bit.ly/2dfYMPN The report covers detailed competitive outlook including company profiles of the key participants operating in the global market. Key players profiled in the report include Forest Laboratories, AstraZeneca, GlaxoSmithKline, Abbott Laboratories, H. Lundbeck, Novartis, SK Biopharmaceuticals, Naurex Merck & Co., and Eli Lilly and Company. This report segments the global drug depression market as follows: Global Depression Drug Market: Class Segment Analysis Atypical Antipsychotics Tricyclic Antidepressants Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors Serotonin-Norepinephrine Reuptake Inhibitors Tetracyclic Antidepressants Monoamine Oxidase inhibitors Benzodiazepines Others Global Depression Drug Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East and Africa Browse detail report at: www.marketresearchstore.com/report/depression-drug-market… About Us Zion Research is a market intelligence company providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Zion Research experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants uses proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact US: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: www.marketresearchstore.com This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance company general intelligence major Post navigation Vaccine Market In 2020 Set for Rapid Growth, To Reach Around USD 59.20 Billion New Report of Baby Warming Devices Industry Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2021 Search Search for: Recent Posts Cloth Diaper Company Makes an Effort to Reduce the Environmental Footprint made by Disposable Diapers City Seeks Feedback on California Nursery Historical Park Master Plan The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” Iluvit.club: Unique Service Helping People Find Great Recommendations From People With Similar Taste Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Vaccine Market In 2020 Set for Rapid Growth, To Reach Around USD 59.20 Billion 27 January 2017Military News The report covers forecast and analysis for the vaccine market on a global and regional level. The study provides historic data of 2014 along with a forecast from 2015 to 2020 based revenue (USD Million). The study includes drivers and restraints for the market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period. Additionally, the report includes study of opportunities available in the vaccine market on a global level. Request Sample Report: bit.ly/1VijEWF In order to give the users of this report a comprehensive view on the vaccine market, we have included a detailed competitive scenario, and product portfolio of key vendors. To understand the competitive landscape in the market, an analysis of Porter’s five forces model for the vaccine market has also been included. The study encompasses a market attractiveness analysis, wherein technology segments are benchmarked based on their market size, growth rate and general attractiveness. The study provides a decisive view on the vaccine market by segmenting the market based on technology, type, end-users, indication and region. Inactivated, subunit, conjugate, live attenuated, toxoid, dendritic cell and synthetic are the technological segments of the vaccine market. Preventive and therapeutic are the two types of vaccine. All the segments have been analyzed based on present and future trends and the market is estimated from 2014 to 2020. The regional segmentation includes the current and forecast demand for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa with its further bifurcation into major countries including U.S. Germany, France, UK, China, Japan, India and Brazil. Do Inquiry before buying: bit.ly/2cy108V The report covers detailed competitive outlook including company profiles of the key participants operating in the global market. Key players profiled in the report include Pfizer, CSL Limited, GlaxoSmithKline, plc, MedImmune, LLC, Novartis AG, Sanofi Pasteur, Merck and Company, Johnson and Johnson and Emergent BioSolutions Inc among others. This report segments the vaccine market as follows: Vaccine Market: Technology Segment Analysis Inactivated Subunit Conjugate Live Attenuated Toxoid Dendritic Cell Synthetic Vaccine Market: Type Segment Analysis Therapeutic vaccine Preventive vaccine Vaccine Market: End user Segment Analysis Infants Early aged Post aged Vaccine Market: Indications Segment Analysis Allergy Infectious disease Tumors Others Vaccine Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America US Europe Germany France UK Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East and Africa Browse detail report at: www.marketresearchstore.com/report/vaccine-market-z53045 About Us Zion Research is a market intelligence company providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Zion Research experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants uses proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact US: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: www.marketresearchstore.com This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance company general intelligence major Post navigation KB Home Announces the Grand Opening of Somerset Meadows in Longmont Depression Drug Market By 2020 Set for Rapid Growth, To Reach Around 11.3 USD Billion Search Search for: Recent Posts Cloth Diaper Company Makes an Effort to Reduce the Environmental Footprint made by Disposable Diapers City Seeks Feedback on California Nursery Historical Park Master Plan The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” Iluvit.club: Unique Service Helping People Find Great Recommendations From People With Similar Taste Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:34pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Earnings scheduled for the week of 1/30/2017 12:15 AM Saturday Jan 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Major companies tentatively scheduled to post quarterly earnings next week: TUESDAY Aetna Inc. reports earnings before the market open. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports earnings before the market open. Pfizer Inc. reports earnings before the market open. United Parcel Service Inc. reports earnings before the market open. Apple Inc. reports earnings after the market close. WEDNESDAY Altria Group Inc. reports earnings before the market open. Facebook Inc. reports earnings after the market close. THURSDAY Merck & Co. reports earnings before the market open. Amazon.com Inc. reports earnings after the market close. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports earnings after the market close. Visa Inc. reports earnings after the market close. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Mount lead Eastern Region champs Mt Maunganui have pulled out to an early lead during the first day of competition at… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… Bite Lime cheesecake with gingernut and pistachio crumb This is a lovely low-fat treat. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 28 Jan 2017 22:35:06 Processing Time: 30ms
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Temodar Market 2016-2021 (Global, Chinese) Industry Players Review News provided by ReportsnReports Jan 27, 2017, 05:00 ET Share this article PUNE, India, January 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global and Chinese Temodar Market 2016 Research Report initially provides a basic overview of the industry that covers definition, applications and manufacturing technology, post which the report explores into the international and Chinese players in the market. Complete report on Temodar market spread across 150 pages providing 8 company profiles and 98 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/798154-global-and-chinese-temodar-industry-2016-market-research-report.html . The 'Global and Chinese Temodar Industry, 2016 Market Research Report' is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Temodar market with a focus on the Chinese industry. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Temodar manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international and Chinese major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2011-2016 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global and Chinese total market of Temodar industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and Chinese import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 industry development trends of Temodar market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Temodar Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global and Chinese Temodar market covering all important parameters. Order a copy of Global and Chinese Temodar Industry, 2016 Market Research Report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=798154 . Related research titled 'Global Temozolomide Market Research Report 2016' forecasts the market analysis provided for the Global markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. With 117 tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Key Manufacturers involved in this research are Merck & Co., Inc, Tianjin Tasly Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd, Miracalus, Sun, Macleods , BMW, Cipla, Ind- Swift, Panacea, Fulford, Celon, Natco, Lunarsun, LUMMY, Jianyuan. This report focuses on Global major leading industry players providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also carried out. The Temozolomide Industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. Order a copy of this Global Temozolomide Industry Report 2015 at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=727896 . Explore more reports on the Chemicals market at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/chemicals/ . About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact:   Ritesh Tiwari UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ Magarpatta city, Hadapsar Pune - 411013 Maharashtra, India. + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us on:   Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/ReportsnReports/191441427571689 LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter: https://twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts Pinterest: http://www.pinterest.com/comeonseo/reportsnreports/ RSS/Feeds:   http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports Jan 27, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Humanized Mouse Model Market Growing at a CAGR of 9.6% During 2016 to 2021 Jan 26, 2017, 20:30 ET Preview: Walk-In Refrigerator Market Growing at a CAGR of 6.58% During 2017 to 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 27, 2017, 12:00 ETAutomated External Defibrillator (AED) Market Size, Share... Jan 27, 2017, 11:00 ETBlood Plasma Market 2017-2021 Key Regions Competitive Analysis Explore More news releases in similar topics Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Temodar Market 2016-2021 (Global, Chinese) Industry Players Review News provided by ReportsnReports Jan 27, 2017, 05:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Can President Trump overcome Republicans’ deep collusion with Big Pharma, Monsanto and the pesticide industry? Thursday, January 26, 2017 by: Ethan Huff Tags: pharmaceuticals, Republicans, Trump (Natural News) During his first press conference after winning the election, President Donald Trump made some very bold statements that, generally speaking, are uncharacteristic of the Republican Party. Rather than kowtow to pharmaceutical interests as would be expected from an establishment politician on either side of the aisle, Mr. Trump actually called drug companies to task for ripping off Americans, adding that the entire industry is “getting away with murder” as it currently functions. These piercing words from the president sent shock waves throughout the drug industry, which saw massive drops in stock value almost immediately after they were stated. Clearly frustrated with the corruption between pharmaceutical companies and the federal government that keeps drug prices high, President Trump reiterated what he’s been saying all along the campaign trail about the need for reform — a message that was also heralded by failed Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. “Pharma has a lot of lobbies, a lot of lobbyists, a lot of power. And there’s very little bidding on drugs,” President Trump remarked from Trump Tower in New York City. “We’re the largest buyer of drugs in the world, and yet we don’t bid properly. We’re going to start bidding. We’re going to save billions of dollars over a period of time.” President Trump also criticized the drug industry for manufacturing drugs in other countries where they’re cheaper to produce, only to ship them back to the U.S. to sell to Americans at top dollar. This hallmark of crony globalism, a major target in the president’s platform all throughout his campaign, is something that’s most definitely on the chopping block with the incoming administration. “Our drug industry has been disastrous,” President Trump explained before the press pool. “They’re leaving left and right. They supply our drugs but they don’t make them here, to a large extent. And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding procedures for the drug industry, because they’re getting away with murder.” (RELATED: Stay informed about Big Pharma’s illegal practices at BigPharmaNews.com) RINO Republican Paul Ryan wants to maintain Big Pharma monopoly over medicine Going against an old-guard Republican establishment that has long favored not only Big Pharma but a host of other special interest groups, including biotechnology and chemicals, won’t be an easy task. Top Republican kingpins like House Speaker Paul Ryan, for instance, are already challenging President Trump’s remarks, tacitly implying that the system is working just fine and doesn’t need to be changed. In an interview with Mike Allen of Axios, Ryan emphasized that he wants to “have more conversations” about the issue to presumably redirect President Trump’s agenda. He carefully sidestepped the gaping problems stemming from Big Pharma’s monopolistic control over medicine, instead offering up rhetoric in favor of maintaining the status quo. When asked about the president’s comments that drug companies are “politically protected, but not anymore,” Ryan remarked: “I don’t speak like that, generally speaking. I’m always looking for win-win situations, and I believe there’s a lot more we can do to bring down the price of drugs.” In other words, Paul Ryan isn’t the type of guy to take a stand against anything or anyone who pays his salary — in this case, big money interests like Monsanto and Merck. It’s the Republican way, perhaps, but not President Trump’s way, which begs the question: will the president be able to effectively overcome this deep-seated gravy train funding Republicans-in-name-only (RINOs) like Paul Ryan? (RELATED: See news about how everything is rigged at Rigged.news) ‘Conservative’ nonprofit exposed for pro-Monsanto, pro-Hillary agenda Considering the fact that so-called “conservative” groups often work in lockstep with “liberal” groups to advance the same agenda — in this case, pushing the special interest agendas of their mutual donors — accomplishing this feat could be the biggest challenge of Mr. Trump’s life. One such group, the American Enterprise Institute (AEI), was exposed late last year for helping a billionaire donor for the Hillary Clinton campaign secure — wait for it — Republican support for failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Besides the seemingly contradictory nature of such a union, the AEI, as revealed by GMWatch, is closely aligned with biotechnology giant Monsanto. No matter how you look at all this, President Trump definitely has his work cut out for him. While the drug industry is known to make large financial contributions to candidates from both political parties, historically the industry has been more focused on funding RINO Republicans, with the exception of Democrat Hillary Clinton who received, by far, the most financial support from Big Pharma during the 2016 presidential election season. “Industry PACs have given at least $4.4 million to Republicans and $2.6 million to Democrats in House Races across the primary and general elections,” news organization STAT reported back in November. “In the most competitive House contests — those rated as toss-ups or only leaning toward either party by the Cook Political Report — pharmaceutical PACs have given more than $435,000 to Republicans, a separate STAT analysis found. By comparison, the committees have given less than $70,000 to Democrats in those races.” Sources for this article include: Breitbart.com NaturalNews.com GMWatch.org CNN.com StatNews.com Previous :Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding 100% authentic hemp extract with CBD Authentic, honest and scientifically validated using breakthrough science.  IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on pharmaceuticals Can President Trump overcome Republicans’ deep collusion with Big Pharma, Monsanto and the pesticide industry? Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma Overworked pharmacist kills elderly woman within minutes by giving her wrong pills Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-26-can-president-trump-overcome-republicans-deep-collusion-with-big-pharma-monsanto-and-the-pesticide-industry.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-26-can-president-trump-overcome-republicans-deep-collusion-with-big-pharma-monsanto-and-the-pesticide-industry.html">Can President Trump overcome Republicans’ deep collusion with Big Pharma, Monsanto and the pesticide industry?</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com How antidepressants ruin your natural serotonin so you can never be happy again ... without your pills Political Darwinism explains why Leftist ideology is rapidly going extinct… failed ideas are weeded out while natural competition produces winners (and losers) - NaturalNews.com Heavy metals scientist challenges vaccine promoters to drink mercury to prove it’s safe to inject into children - NaturalNews.com Five ingredients that poison your brain President Trump silences EPA climate change propaganda ... real scientists rejoice - NaturalNews.com Oil pipelines vs. rail transport: The statistics on spills vs. safety point to a clear winner - NaturalNews.com Autoimmune disease solutions revealed - NaturalNews.com Glyphosate (RoundUp) found to cause liver disease… how much are you eating at every meal? - NaturalNews.com KFC’s new facial recognition system a disturbing cocktail of the surveillance state and a toxic food supply laced with MSG - NaturalNews.com Yet another study confirms the holistic approach to health: Diet cures disease, NOT drugs - NaturalNews.com Big Pharma’s synthetic cannabis pills are killing people ... yet authentic marijuana is still criminalized - NaturalNews.com Nuns grow spirulina for malnourished children - You can grow this superfood at home Health Ranger dismantles identity politics and reveals why “you have no right to not be offended” in latest uncensored podcasts - NaturalNews.com Self-defense is now ILLEGAL in the UK Magic beans: Coffee protects against age-related inflammation - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com The ten false fears of the unhinged left that have transformed once-productive citizens into quivering mounds of Trump-a-noia - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com President Trump just banned federal funding of abortions - NaturalNews.com Scientists shocked to learn that shingles vaccines can transform vaccinated people into “carriers” who spread infectious disease - NaturalNews.com Beware: US salmon may be crawling with Japanese tapeworm, say scientists - NaturalNews.com Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com WINNING: Ten highly effective ways President Trump and Kellyanne Conway can win the war against the dishonest, America-hating left-wing news cartels - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Why President Trump should issue an Interpol arrest warrant for George Soros - NaturalNews.com Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com Fake news: Mainstream media already caught reporting 3 lies on President Trump’s first day - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com Panic attacks, anxiety linked to low vitamin B and iron levels: Study Frankincense oil kills cancer cells while boosting the immune system, studies show The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com Walking your children home from school and driving while caffeinated are now felony crimes in police state America - NaturalNews.com Obama trying to start WWIII before Jan. 20; feds “probe” Drudge Report with DDoS attack; NaturalNews and InfoWars targeted for cyber attack take downs - NaturalNews.com Two of the world’s most evil people – Bill Gates and George Soros – behind Facebook’s news censorship agenda - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Forbes.com hit piece on Natural News backfires: Health Ranger confirmed as world’s most powerful foe of corporate science fraud - NaturalNews.com Draining the Pharma swamp: Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma’s monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding for government drug purchase contracts - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com 10 brands of baby wipes recalled due to pneumonia-causing bacteria contamination The only prediction that really matters for 2017: The global debt collapse begins, followed by the rise of fascist, totalitarian government - NaturalNews.com CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Electoral voter death threats backfire: Hillary Clinton loses four, Donald Trump wins in an electoral landslide - NaturalNews.com Ten horrifying ingredients that prove McDonald’s is not fit for consumption - NaturalNews.com Trump takes aim at vaccines, names Robert F. Kennedy Jr. head of new commission to expose dangers of mercury preservative (Thimerosal) - NaturalNews.com Now you can HEAR chemistry: Health Ranger translates molecules into music in stunning video demonstration that will blow your mind (and your ears) - NaturalNews.com California just decriminalized child prostitutes beginning Jan 1… “legalization” stirs outrage - NaturalNews.com Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Five ingredients that poison your brain Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Globalist war against humanity shifts into high gear: Cars, cash, literature and independent news all targeted for elimination 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night Health News 25 Powerful Anti-Inflammatory Herbs and Spices (Blogs.naturalnews.com) From Anxiety to Addiction: The Top 10 Uses of CBD Oil (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Garlic and Raw Milk Treat Pneumonia, Asthma, Insomnia, Cough, Arthritis, and Cardiac Problems (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 5 Food Ingredients That Damage Your Brain (Blogs.naturalnews.com) De-Stress Your Life (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 10 Magnesium Oil Benefits (How to make your own magnesium oil) (Blogs.naturalnews.com) AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So I still remember the conversation. In fact, I can “see” it in my mind. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Stocks to Watch Today: TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY), Rite Aid Corp. (RAD) Message: URL: http://mney.co/2jQDxaj four  ×  seven  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Stocks to Watch Today: TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY), Rite Aid Corp. (RAD) Message: URL: http://mney.co/2jQDxaj 2  ×   =  two Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Stocksno responses Stocks to Watch Today: TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY), Rite Aid Corp. (RAD) By Ashley Moore, Associate Editor, Money Morning • January 23, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website seven  −   =  one Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The top stocks to watch today (Monday) include pharmacy Rite Aid Corp. (NYSE: RAD), pharmaceutical company Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY), and airplane parts manufacturer TransDigm Group Inc. (NYSE: TDG). President Trump is set to make good on at least one of his "Day One" promises from the campaign trail. Today he is set to sign an executive order to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). What the new agreement will look like has not been released, but President Trump has promised tariffs on companies importing goods manufactured in Mexico. Another campaign promise of President Trump is to bring down the cost of military aircraft. This could spell trouble for one of our stocks to watch today. Here are three top stocks to watch today… Stocks to Watch Today: TransDigm Group Inc. (NYSE: TDG) TransDigm stock is down almost 10% amid allegations of unethical business practices. The company is accused of buying smaller airplane parts companies, laying off the staff, and jacking up prices. Urgent: These Are the Best Stocks to Buy for January 2017 This practice has made TransDigm the leading supplier of airplane parts. It has also saddled the company with large amounts of debt. With President Trump determined to lower the price for military aircraft, the company could be facing disaster. The debt load of the company, coupled with downward parts price pressure, could destroy TransDigm's profitability. TransDigm stock is currently trading at $226.90, down 8.86% year to date (YTD). Stocks to Watch Today: Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) Bristol-Myers stock is down more than 11% after the company announced it will not seek accelerated approval for its lung cancer treatment on Friday. The company is facing competition from Merck and Co. (NYSE: MRK), so investors expected Bristol-Myers to get accelerated approval to beat Merck to market with a combination lung cancer therapy that is comprised of two key drugs, Yervoy and Opdivo. Optivo is currently approved for non-small cell lung cancer treatment. The company was expected to seek accelerated approval for the combination of Yervoy and Opdivo. The move would add billions in revenue if it were approved. Bristol-Myers stock is currently trading at $49.23, down 15.76% YTD. Stocks to Watch Today: Rite Aid Corp. (NYSE: RAD) Rite Aid stock fell 13.26% after Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc.'s (Nasdaq: WBA) attempt to pacify the FTC's antitrust parameters was denied. Walgreens agreed to sell almost 900 stores to Fred's Inc. to pacify antitrust claims, but there are still concerns that the commitment will not be enough to keep the market competitive. The deadline to complete the Rite Aid buyout is less than one week away. This setback causes concerns that the deal will not take place. Currently, Rite Aid stock is trading at $7.46, a loss of 9.47% YTD. Editor's Note: Timing is everything when it comes to making money in markets – and this new, free service we created puts timing on your side… Follow Money Morning on Facebook and Twitter. Related Articles: Bloomberg: Antitrust Concerns May Prevent Walgreens-Rite Aid Merger FOX Business: Bristol-Myers Squibb Not Seeking Accelerated Approval Seeking Alpha: TransDigm Unethical Business Practices Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: stocks to watch Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  −  4  =  5 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading StrategiesJPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading StrategiesWhat I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 TechnologyI Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter TechnologyThe Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Investing IdeasThis Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing IdeasIf You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing IdeasTrump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say OilWhy You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline OilYou're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy OilDon't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News January 27, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Falls After Weak Q4 GDP Report January 27, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump's Cabinet Net Worth: 30 Times That of George W.'s Cabinet January 27, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Trending Posts 9468 Reads 65 Likes Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Michael released his extremely bullish marijuana investing forecast for the year. Now, we're seeing legislative "pushback" in some states. But the outlook for the industry is even stronger than it was... 8874 Reads 97 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Jan. 23) What are the top marijuana stocks to watch this week? Here's everything you need to know... Today's Markets DJIA -7.13 (0.04%) 20,093.78 NASDAQ 5.60 (0.10%) 5,660.78 S&P -1.99 (0.09%) 2,294.69 RAD 0.15 (2.21%) 6.93 BMY 0.92 (1.96%) 47.74 TDG 0.90 (0.41%) 219.00 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it National AP National News Calendar The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Associated Press By Associated Press January 27 at 4:12 PM Eds: Major scheduled events for the week of Jan. 29 - Feb. 4. Note that many events are subject to change at the last minute. The following economic reports will be issued in Washington (all times EST), unless otherwise noted: SUNDAY: No events of note. MONDAY: Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for December, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for December, 10 a.m. TUESDAY: Standard & Poor’s releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for November, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates. Aetna Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Pfizer Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. United Parcel Service Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. WEDNESDAY: Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. THURSDAY: Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. FRIDAY: Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. SATURDAY: No events of note. ___ SUNDAY, JAN. 29 No events of note. ___ MONDAY, JAN. 30 WASHINGTON — Supreme Court on break until Feb. 21. ___ TUESDAY, JAN. 31 WASHINGTON — Senate Judiciary Committee vote on the nomination of Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. WASHINGTON — Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committees votes on the nominations of Rick Perry to be energy secretary and Ryan Zinke to be interior secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the nomination of Betsy DeVos to be education secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on North Korea. ___ WEDNESDAY, FEB. 1 Defense Secretary James Mattis visits Japan and South Korea, through Feb. 4. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce Committee hearing on the nation’s health law. WASHINGTON — House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on upgrading the country’s infrastructure. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the individual health insurance market. WASHINGTON — Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on fencing along the Southwest border. ___ THURSDAY, FEB. 2 WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump plans to announce his Supreme Court nominee. WASHINGTON — National Prayer Breakfast. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce subcommittee hearing on school choice. WASHINGTON — House Foreign Affairs subcommittee hearing on Israel, the Palestinians and the United Nations. LONDON — Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON — Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO — Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI — RBI decision on interest rates. Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. ___ FRIDAY, FEB. 3 LONDON — Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO — Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. ___ SATURDAY, FEB. 4 No events of note. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. national Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 ‘What not to do': Fla. fisherman who hauled in $500,000 worth of cocaine faces life in prison 2 How a Secret Service controversy turned an innocent professor’s life into an online nightmare 3 ‘We have a fire in the cockpit!’ The Apollo 1 disaster 50 years later. 4 Scientists create a part-human, part-pig embryo — raising the possibility of interspecies organ transplants 5 A Trump supporter was charged with voting twice. Her lawyer says she shouldn’t stand trial. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game national Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Art Rosenfeld, pioneer in energy efficiency, dies 2 taken into custody amid South Bay search for bank robber, SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations AP FACT CHECK: Trump cites man's dubious voter fraud claims US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians US no longer has geography as defense, ally in cybercombat Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Against Cal, Stanford needs another big game from Allen All-Star Game’s live spectacle doesn’t translate on TV Steve Kerr to play 4 Warriors at once in All-Star Game California Chrome chasing history in last race Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/AP-National-News-Calendar-10889632.php AP National News Calendar The Associated Press Updated 1:13 pm, Friday, January 27, 2017 Eds: Major scheduled events for the week of Jan. 29 - Feb. 4. Note that many events are subject to change at the last minute. The following economic reports will be issued in Washington (all times EST), unless otherwise noted: SUNDAY: No events of note. MONDAY: Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for December, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for December, 10 a.m. TUESDAY: Standard & Poor's releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for November, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates. Aetna Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Pfizer Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. United Parcel Service Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. WEDNESDAY: Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. THURSDAY: Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. FRIDAY: Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. SATURDAY: No events of note. ___ SUNDAY, JAN. 29 No events of note. ___ MONDAY, JAN. 30 WASHINGTON — Supreme Court on break until Feb. 21. ___ TUESDAY, JAN. 31 WASHINGTON — Senate Judiciary Committee vote on the nomination of Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. WASHINGTON — Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committees votes on the nominations of Rick Perry to be energy secretary and Ryan Zinke to be interior secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the nomination of Betsy DeVos to be education secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on North Korea. ___ WEDNESDAY, FEB. 1 Defense Secretary James Mattis visits Japan and South Korea, through Feb. 4. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce Committee hearing on the nation's health law. WASHINGTON — House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on upgrading the country's infrastructure. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the individual health insurance market. WASHINGTON — Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on fencing along the Southwest border. ___ THURSDAY, FEB. 2 WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump plans to announce his Supreme Court nominee. WASHINGTON — National Prayer Breakfast. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce subcommittee hearing on school choice. WASHINGTON — House Foreign Affairs subcommittee hearing on Israel, the Palestinians and the United Nations. LONDON — Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON — Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO — Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI — RBI decision on interest rates. Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. ___ FRIDAY, FEB. 3 LONDON — Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO — Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. ___ SATURDAY, FEB. 4 No events of note. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FIRST WEEK Trump bars all refugees from entering U.S. for 4 months SF archbishop: Church will aid undocumented immigrants Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop Zuckerberg ‘concerned’ by Trump immigration moves How a 20-percent Mexico tax could affect CA US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Morford: Week One of Go to Hell, America LATEST NEWS Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘Renaissance people’ SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek Lawsuit accuses Baylor football program of 52 'acts of rape' 2 in custody amid South Bay search for bank robber Actor Anthony Michael Hall sued for assault Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup Melania eats jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover, public furious Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall Pena Nieto says Trump agreed not to talk about wall funding John Hurt, Oscar nominated for 'Elephant Man,' dies at 77 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes 20 homeowners at Millennium sue developer, SF Orwell’s ‘1984’ is a hot item at SF libraries 2017 isn't '1984' – it's stranger than Orwell imagined TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild, unexpected consequences of the recent Calif. storms Offbeat and not, 25 'only in SF' spots to take tourists Ex-NBAer and NCAA star found dead at age 50 SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $69 OFF: This three-day juice cleanse will reset and nourish... This Apple Mail plugin is like a personal assistant for your... Most Popular 1 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 2 Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists 3 Wild unexpected consequences of the recent California storms 4 Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘true Renaissance people’ 5 Anthony Michael Hall Sued for Assault and Battery Over Alleged... 6 SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek 7 Week One of Go to Hell, America 8 SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night 9 Why SF Supervisor London Breed is offering Trump a room on... 10 Facebook’s Zuckerberg ‘Concerned’ by Trump Immigration... LATEST NEWS Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘Renaissance people’ SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek Lawsuit accuses Baylor football program of 52 'acts of rape' 2 in custody amid South Bay search for bank robber Actor Anthony Michael Hall sued for assault Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AP National News Calendar By Associated Press Published: 16:11 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 16:11 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail Eds: Major scheduled events for the week of Jan. 29 - Feb. 4. Note that many events are subject to change at the last minute. The following economic reports will be issued in Washington (all times EST), unless otherwise noted: SUNDAY: No events of note. MONDAY: Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for December, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for December, 10 a.m. TUESDAY: Standard & Poor's releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for November, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates. Aetna Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Pfizer Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. United Parcel Service Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. WEDNESDAY: Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. THURSDAY: Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. FRIDAY: Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. SATURDAY: No events of note. ___ SUNDAY, JAN. 29 No events of note. ___ MONDAY, JAN. 30 WASHINGTON — Supreme Court on break until Feb. 21. ___ TUESDAY, JAN. 31 WASHINGTON — Senate Judiciary Committee vote on the nomination of Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. WASHINGTON — Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committees votes on the nominations of Rick Perry to be energy secretary and Ryan Zinke to be interior secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the nomination of Betsy DeVos to be education secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on North Korea. ___ WEDNESDAY, FEB. 1 Defense Secretary James Mattis visits Japan and South Korea, through Feb. 4. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce Committee hearing on the nation's health law. WASHINGTON — House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on upgrading the country's infrastructure. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the individual health insurance market. WASHINGTON — Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on fencing along the Southwest border. ___ THURSDAY, FEB. 2 WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump plans to announce his Supreme Court nominee. WASHINGTON — National Prayer Breakfast. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce subcommittee hearing on school choice. WASHINGTON — House Foreign Affairs subcommittee hearing on Israel, the Palestinians and the United Nations. LONDON — Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON — Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO — Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI — RBI decision on interest rates. Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. ___ FRIDAY, FEB. 3 LONDON — Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO — Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. ___ SATURDAY, FEB. 4 No events of note. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates Calendar Calendar Inside the Market Calendar: What investors need to know for the week ahead Add to ... The Globe and Mail Published Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 1:14PM EST Last updated Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 1:14PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article A daily rundown of the economic reports and corporate earnings that will be grabbing the market's attention in the week ahead. Monday January 30 Japan retail sales and Bank of Japan decision and outlook report Euro Area economic confidence, consumer confidence and consumer price index China markets closed (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. personal spending and income for December. The consensus projections are increases of 0.4 per cent for both from November. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. core PCE price index for December. Consensus is an increase of 0.1 per cent from November and 1.7 per cent year over year. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. pending home sales for December. Consensus is a rise of 1.5 per cent from the previous month. (10:30 a.m. ET) U.S. Dallas Fed manufacturing activity for January. Earnings include: Affiliated Managers Group Inc.; Alarmforce Industries Inc.; General Growth Properties Inc.; IDEX Corp.; Packaging Corp of America.; Principal Financial Group Inc.; Reinsurance Group of America Inc.; Teranga Gold Corp.; UDR Inc. === Tuesday January 31 Japan jobless rate, household spending and industrial production Bank of Japan decision and outlook report Euro Area real GDP, CPI and jobless rate Germany unemployment and retail sales U.K. consumer confidence and parliament to debate Brexit process China markets closed (8:30 a.m. ET) Canada real GDP at basic prices for November. Consensus projection is a 0.3-per-cent increase from October. (8:30 a.m. ET) Canada industrial product price index and raw materials price index for December. Estimate is increases of 0.7 per cent and 6.0 per cent, respectively, from November. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. employment cost index for Q4. Consensus is an increase of 0.6 per cent from Q3 and 2.4 per cent year over year. (8:55 a.m. ET) U.S. Redbook (9 a.m. ET) U.S. Case-Shiller Home Price Index (20 City) for November. Consensus is an increase of 0.6 per cent from October and 5.0 per cent year over year. (9:45 a.m. ET) U.S. Chicago PMI for January. Consensus is 55.0, up from 53.9 in December. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index for January. Consensus projection is 112.5, down from 113.7 in December. (5:20 p.m. ET) Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz speaks at the University of Alberta Business School in Edmonton with a press conference to follow at 6:40. Also: U.S. Federal Open Market Committee meeting begins Earnings include: Allstate Corp.; Altria Group Inc.; Anthem Inc.; ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc.; Baxter International Inc.; Cabot Corp.; Calian Group Ltd.; Celanese Corp.; Dominion Resources Inc.; Edwards Lifesciences Corp.; Exco Technologies Ltd.; Facebook Inc.; Fidelity National Financial Inc.; Ingersoll-Rand PLC; Johnson Controls International PLC; Marathon Petroleum Corp.; Metlife Inc.; Owens-Illinois Inc.; Pitney Bowes Inc.; PPL Corp.; Siemens AG; Symantec Corp. === Wednesday February 1 Japan manufacturing PMI Euro Area and UK manufacturing PMI China PMI and markets closed (8:15 a.m. ET) U.S. ADP national employment report for January. Consensus is an increase of 165,000 from previous month (10 a.m. ET) U.S. manufacturing ISM for January. Consensus is 55.0, up from 54.5 in December. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. construction spending for December. Consensus is an increase of 0.2 per cent from November. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. mortgage delinquencies for Q4/ (9:30 a.m. ET) Canada market manufacturing PMI for January (10:30 a.m. ET) EIA petroleum status report (2 p.m. ET) U.S. Federal Open Market Committee announcement Also: Canada auto sales for January; U.S. Ward’s Total Vehicle Sales for January Earnings include: Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Aetna Inc.; Aflac Inc.; AmerisourceBergen Corp.; Anadarko Petroleum Corp.; Apple Inc.; C.H. Robinson Worldwide Inc.; Chubb Ltd.; CIT Group Inc.; Coach Inc.; Danaher Corp.; Electronic Arts Inc.; Eli Lilly and Co.; Equity Residential; Exxon Mobil Corp.; Harley-Davidson Inc.; Imperial Oil Ltd.; Indigo Books and Music Inc.; Mastercard Inc.; Nasdaq Inc.; Nucor Corp.; PACCAR Inc.; Pfizer Inc.; Simon Property Group Inc.; Sprint Corp.; Under Armour Inc.; United Parcel Service Inc.; United States Steel Corp.; Valero Energy Corp.; W. R. Berkley Corp.; Xerox Corp. === Thursday February 2 Japan consumer confidence Euro Area producer price index and ECB economic bulletin U.K. construction PMI, Bank of England monetary policy, announcement, minutes and quarterly inflation report (followed by press conference by governor Mark Carney) China markets closed (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. initial jobless claims for the week of Jan. 28. Estimate is 250,000, a decline of 9,000 from previous week. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. productivity and unit labour costs for Q4 (P). Consensus projections are annualized rate increases of 1.0 per cent and 2.2 per cent from Q3, respectively. (10:30 a.m. ET) EIA natural gas report. (4:30 p.m. ET) U.S. money supply Earnings include: A. O. Smith Corp.; Amazon.com Inc.; Amgen Inc.; Apartment Investment and Management Co.; athenahealth Inc.; Autoliv Inc.; Ball Corp.; BCE Inc.; Becton Dickinson and Co.; Boston Scientific Corp.; Callaway Golf Co.; CMS Energy Corp.; Computer Sciences Corp.; ConocoPhillips; Daimler AG;  Deutsche Bank AG; Eaton Corporation PLC; EQT Corp.; Essex Property Trust Inc.; Estee Lauder Companies Inc.; Ferrari NV; Genworth MI Canada Inc.; Harris Corp.; International Paper Co.; Kimco Realty Corp.; Kingsway Financial Services Inc.; Magellan Midstream Partners LP; Manitoba Telecom Services Inc.; MEG Energy Corp.; Merck & Co Inc.; Motorola Solutions Inc.; New York Times Co.;  Nokia Corp.; Open Text Corp.; Parker-Hannifin Corp.; Philip Morris International Inc.; Ralph Lauren Corp.; Sirius XM Holdings Inc.; Snap-On Inc.; Valero Energy Partners LP; Visa Inc.; Wi-Lan Inc.; Xcel Energy Inc.; Xylem Inc. === Friday February 3 Japan PMI Euro Area retail sales and PMI UK PMI China manufacturing PMI (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. non-farm payrolls (with revisions) for January. Consensus is an increase of 170,000. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. unemployment rate for January. Consensus is 4.7 per cent, unchanged from December. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. average hourly earnings for January. Consensus is an increase of 0.3 per cent from December and 2.8 per cent year over year. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. factory orders for December. Consensus is an increase of 1.4 per cent from November. (1 p.m. ET) Baker-Hughes rig count. Earnings include: Apollo Global Management LLC.; AutoNation Inc.; Brookfield Property Partners L.P.; Clorox Co.; Hershey Co.; LyondellBasell Industries NV; Phillips 66; Silvercorp Metals Inc.; Weyerhaeuser Co. Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeInvestor   Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Celebrate the year of the rooster with the best Chinese dishes Vancouver has to offer Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success Life Five reasons to never do crunches again ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees News Rona Ambrose calls Liberal cash-for-access law a 'smokescreen' Life Video: The secret life of New York's pet pigs Report on Business Investing in gold in volatile times ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business How five companies broke out from the pack Globe Investor Reasons why you should not bank on an inheritance More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Jan. 28: Your daily horoscope NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ Elephant Man, Midnight Express actor John Hurt dead at 77 Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year How does Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister spend his working holiday in Costa Rica? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
