Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← This is the knowlege they don’t want us to know Couple in N.S. hopes for last-minute reprieve from ‘devastating’ deportation → Pharmaceutical Crimes Continue Unpunished as Cholesterol Drug Lawsuits Stall Posted on March 18, 2017 by Paul Health Impact News – by Paul Fassa The statin or cholesterol reduction drug push has been tagged as the biggest medical scam of all time by medical practitioners who know better and are not afraid of being sued or harassed by drug makers. This actually happened when Merck threatened to sue a Milan health agency official, Alberto Donzelli, for issuing warnings about the dangers of Merck’s new statin drug, Zetia, and advising doctors in Italy against prescribing it. Donzelli was forced to back down in early 2104. (Source)   But this incident was from Merck’s attempt to ride the coattails of Pfizer’s earlier success with Lipitor, which recorded sales revenue exceeding 140 billion dollars until its patent expired in 2011. The generic spin-off of Lipitor marketed currently is Atorvastatin. Despite several peer reviewed published studies that show both the ineffectiveness and dangers of statin drugs, they continue to dominate the pharmaceutical drug market. Cholesterol reducing statin drugs are prescribed unnecessarily and often with serious side effects, even as the whole theory of cholesterol causing heart attacks is being proved as false. (Source) The Lipitor Lawsuit When pharmaceutical companies are not protected by law from injury lawsuits, the way vaccine makers are, we often look to the court system for some sense of justice. It usually occurs after a grassroots tide of lawsuits accumulate. A few years ago a flurry of epidemiological studies demonstrated an increased risk of diabetes from using Lipitor or other statin drugs long term. Suspiciously, FDA warnings were not ordered until just after Pfizer’s patent on Lipitor had expired. (Source) This is an excerpt from that part of the document that lists all the adverse reports prior to the two newly added ones and since marketing had begun for Lipitor. Adverse reactions associated with Lipitor (…) anaphylaxis, angioneurotic edema, bullous rashes (including erythema multiforme, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, and toxic epidermal necrolysis), rhabdomyolysis, fatigue, tendon rupture, fatal and non-fatal hepatic failure, dizziness, depression, peripheral neuropathy, and pancreatitis. (…) reports of cognitive impairment (e.g., memory loss, forgetfulness, amnesia, memory impairment, confusion) associated with statin use. These cognitive issues have been reported for all statins. Comment: The last item, “cognitive impairment,” is the result of lowering cholesterol enough to rob cholesterol from brain cells and the nervous system where it’s needed. Here’s what was added to that list in February of 2012: (Source) Liver issues including non-fatal and fatal hepatic failure were reported and added to that list. But here’s the one that led to the current Lipitor class action suit. “Increases in HbA1c [Hemoglobin A1C] and fasting serum glucose levels have been reported with HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, including Lipitor.” These are both strong indicators of late onset diabetes or diabetes 2. And the two items mentioned earlier, peripheral neuropathy, and pancreatitis, are manifestations of unabated diabetes 2. The plaintiffs assert that this risk was known prior to 2012, and prior to that is when most of the plaintiffs had been placed on statin drugs, including Lipitor. That’s the crux of the case. With several study reports indicating increased diabetes, especially among post-menopausal women taking Lipitor or its generic form Atorvastatin, garnering a large amount of plaintiffs turned out to be easy. By 2015 there were close to 3,000 plaintiffs involved in the class action suit against Lipitor for failure to warn of diabetes 2 as a potential outcome of taking their statin drugs. Unfortunately, what looked like a slam-dunk turned out to be a rebound for the other team representing Pfizer to fast-break the ball down court for an easy lay-up. Actually it was up-court. In the Charleston, SC January 2017 MDL (multi-district litigation) hearing U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel dismissed almost all of the 2800 cases being heard in his court due to insufficient evidence of causation. The warning shot came several months earlier in a painfully parsed document that supported the defendant Pfizer’s claim that two plaintiffs’ expert witnesses reports were seriously flawed and should be dismissed. One of the other two studies was considered inconclusive and open for debate, while the most critical study and cross-examination of that expert witness determined the fatal blow. The court considered the evidence for general causation was sufficient for Lipitor dosing above 80 mg only. And almost all the plaintiffs had been taking Lipitor with well under 80 mg dosages. Without substantially established causation there could be no case against Lipitor. Judge Richard Gergel stated, “Plaintiff[s] must first demonstrate general causation because without general causation, there can be no specific causation. Here, if Lipitor is not capable of causing diabetes, it follows that it is not the cause of diabetes in particular plaintiffs.” (Court Document Source) It’s unfortunate that legal proceedings are so incredibly complex and understandably take so long because so much nomenclature is parsed in areas that rely on experts who can be as much on the wrong trail as anyone. There are arguments in this class action suit that propose only high glucose levels determine diabetes type 2, insulin resistance is not the same. Yet diabetes 2 is defined as, and is the result of, insulin resistance. This is how one of the epidemiological studies offered by the plaintiffs was marginalized successfully by Pfizer’s counsel and expert witnesses. This focus went to cases of raised blood sugar in Lipitor studies, which were conveniently lower in number than insulin resistance percentages. Unfortunately, there are medical practitioners who also agree wrongly. Their idea for treating type 2 diabetics is to administer insulin, which exacerbates their diabetes because type 2 diabetes is the result of sufficient pancreas produced insulin’s inability to escort glucose into cells for energy because the cells are insulin resistant. (Source) Remember, the FDA updated its warning on Lipitor in 2012 to include “Increases in HbA1c [Hemoglobin A1C] and fasting serum glucose levels have been reported with HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, including Lipitor.” These are usually strong diabetes 2 warning signs. In case you’re curious about natural alternatives for heart health, information under the sub-topic “The Pauling Therapy: Simple, Effective, Inexpensive, and Safe” in this article may prove helpful. A Legal Set-Back to Be Overcome? Unlike many injury cases, these more complex medical study and expert reliant proceedings can be tediously drawn out for quite some time. One could have hoped for choosing victims with other side effects from Lipitor. But diabetes 2 risk subjects created the largest pool of plaintiffs, and most of Lipitor’s other side effect warnings had become labeled prior to Lipitor patients’ developing diabetes 2, making claims of withholding evidence or insufficient warning irrelevant for the earlier side effects warned. Despite this seemingly enormous setback, it appears the Schmidt Firm, a national law firm, is taking on more Lipitor class action participants of different types, even though this firm is the one that broke the recent early 2017 news of all those plaintiff claims being dismissed. Perhaps they have a new approach to remedy this recent summary ruling or are taking it to higher courts. Contact this firm here. If jury duty is considered a civic duty, one could consider the same is true for engaging in litigation against the pharmaceutical industry. Other types of suits, involving statin drug adverse effects, against manufacturers can be perused here. http://healthimpactnews.com/2017/pharmaceutical-crimes-continue-unpunished-as-cholesterol-drug-lawsuits-stall/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News, Videos. Bookmark the permalink. 844 ← This is the knowlege they don’t want us to know Couple in N.S. hopes for last-minute reprieve from ‘devastating’ deportation → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments koyote on New protest bills: Stamping out ‘economic terrorism’ or chilling free expression? koyote on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 koyote on FCC chairman does not believe media ‘enemy of the American people’ Darzak on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Darzak on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Darzak on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 NC on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 NC on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 NC on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Briarpatch on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Martist on Jim Willie Issues ALERT: We’re AT THE DOOR of the Global Currency Reset Andrew on The Word From the Trenches – March 20, 2017 CaptainObvious on Jim Willie Issues ALERT: We’re AT THE DOOR of the Global Currency Reset mary in ND on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 CaptainObvious on Jim Willie Issues ALERT: We’re AT THE DOOR of the Global Currency Reset jip on LGBT community worries about hate crime prosecutions # 1 NWO Hatr on For The First Time Ever, The Federal Government Is Referring To Marijuana As Medicine # 1 NWO Hatr on Police Are Using Fake Facebook Accounts To Track Gun Supporters, Says Lawyer Ruth on Nova Scotia Archives is recruiting online volunteers to transcribe documents to make the past searchable # 1 NWO Hatr on Louisville mayor asks FBI to investigate child sex-abuse claims against police Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Residents Outraged After Video Shows Cops Taser a Family’s Dog New Mexico Rescinds All Previous Article V Con Con Applications → Countless teenage girls suffer paralysis, blood clots, brain damage and chronic pain from force-vaccination of Gardasil’s HPV “shot in the dark” Posted on March 17, 2017 by Mary Natural News – by S.D. Wells A sexually transmitted disease called human papillomavirus (HPV) is the only form of cancer known to be contagious, but what the medical community won’t tell parents of teenagers and preteens is that HPV is easily defeated by a normal functioning immune system. Of the 120 or more different strains of HPV, only about 15 are carcinogenic, and the HPV vaccines, which have never been proven safe or effective in any clinical trials, literally take a shot in the dark at a couple of these strains, much like the haphazard flu shot administered every year to tens of millions of unsuspecting victims of neurological poisoning.   Still, the CDC and rogue hacks and shills from Big Pharma use scare tactics to all but force-vaccinate girls as young as 9-years-old with sodium chloride and two versions of the dormant HPV cancers hidden in protein and genetically modified organisms. Scare tactics and medical propaganda con mothers into getting their young daughters jabbed with deadly neurotoxins “You won’t be able to have children if you get cervical cancer.” “You can catch cancer from having sex and die.” “The shot will make you immune to cancer.” “The shot prevents cancer.” “You wanna have children later? You better get this shot.” The propaganda is mind-blowing, and it unfortunately works. It convinces parents to do the unthinkable: have their little girls (and boys) jabbed with some of the most dangerous carcinogens on earth to “prevent” a couple of strains of a rather benign, pre-cancerous STD. It doesn’t even make sense. What’s even worse is that the HPV vaccine’s protection effect wears off after a few years (as does the cancer itself under normal immune conditions), so what’s the use of taking the risk of getting jabbed with all these neurotoxins? Just how young are kids becoming promiscuous enough to worry about STDs anyhow? More than 10,000 adverse events have been reported from victims of the HPV scam, including blood clots in the heart and lungs, anaphylactic shock, loss of muscle use and seizures. Most infections from HPV are benign and cleared rapidly by the human immune system and never progress to cervical cancer, or even precancerous lesions of the vagina, vulva or anus. No valid reason for administering the HPV vaccine has ever even been established. Why are HPV vaccines, like Gardasil (made by Merck) and Cervarix (made by GSK) so dangerous? Answer: They’re made with “denatured” forms and fragmented strains of the virus, meaning the virus is weakened and can remain dormant for months, if not years, so if you do get the virus later, who’s to say you didn’t get it from the vaccine itself? No studies on this have ever been conducted, nor will they likely ever be. Plus, Gardasil contains aluminum, sodium chloride, polysorbate 80 and l-histidine, the latter of which interferes with the brain’s defenses against metal toxins. That means the aluminum has a heightened chance of crossing the blood/brain barrier. Got brain damage? No wonder. The following are just four examples of the hundreds (if not thousands) of girls permanently damaged by HPV vaccines. Case I: 13-year old Norwegian girl never consented to Gardasil; now her face is half-paralyzed Caroline is now 15 years old. She used to run, cycle and play football. At 13 years of age, two nurses force-vaccinated Caroline with Gardasil (one nurse literally held her down while the other stuck the needle in her), even after her mother had given notice that if she did not want it, she must not be given it. Within a few days, Caroline’s face became paralyzed. Doctors blamed Caroline’s condition on the fact that she was grieving her grandmother who had died six months earlier. Caroline only got one of the three recommended HPV jabs. She now feels pain throughout her body, suffers from poor memory and heart palpitations, and has breathing difficulties. She can’t walk or cycle much or her legs go weak and lose feeling. She is mostly bedridden. The nurses responsible have visited her home and told them not to ever mention the vaccine in connection with Caroline’s health problems or they will scare other children. Case II: Healthy, athletic 13-year old girl’s menstrual period abruptly ends after toxic Gardasil jab Back in November of 2014, Laura, a now 15-year-old girl living in Michigan, was a healthy, straight-A student and avid volleyball player. After the first Gardasil shot she got her first period, then never got a period again. After a second HPV jab, severe headaches kicked in, then constipation, nausea, brain fog and extreme abdominal pains, as attested by Laura and her parents. While Laura was sick from the first two toxic jabs, their “trusted” pediatrician conned and “guilted” them into getting a third HPV injection for Laura in order to further “protect her from cancer.” The doctor said, “While you’re here, you might as well get the third.” Then, after the third toxic Gardasil jab, Laura’s skin turned a greenish-hue, her hair started falling out and she started experiencing intolerable muscle spasms to the point where she could no longer play volleyball. Her legs went weak like “Jello.” After the third jab, Laura was hospitalized for a full week, and her parents consulted seven doctors, who administered MRIs and CAT scans and prescribed anti-seizure medication. The doctors, according to the family, were rude and all denied any link to Gardasil. One doctor went so far as to tell Laura that her severe health problems were “all in her head.” Since then, the family has completely stopped vaccinating all of their children and changed over to a doctor that does not push vaccines. Laura’s father, who is a school principal, is very angry about the whole extended health nightmare, saying, “You don’t know until something happens to you.” Case III: Sydney Weggen of Iowa got the Gardasil jab in conjunction with Tdap vaccine, became anemic and one of her lungs filled with fluid Sydney used to dance five hours a day, but can no longer dance at all. At just 11 years of age, she received three Gardasil STD jabs just a few months apart. After spending $20,000 on medical tests, losing over 20 pounds and getting a stint put into her lung to drain fluid and keep it functioning, Sydney almost died. Case IV: Kate died at age 19 after suffering horrific pain for three years from Gardasil vax The film VAXXED, produced by Del Bigtree, tells the story of the biggest medical scandal and cover-up in U.S. history regarding the dangers of vaccines. The film crew continues to interview parents and children who suffer from vaccine injuries and want to tell their stories to the world to help protect others from similar nightmares. One mother tells the story of the biggest regret of her life: allowing her teenage daughter Kate to receive the Gardasil HPV vaccine, here. Want to build up natural immunity to cancer? Check out medicinal mushrooms like reishi and chaga, as well as garlic, vitamin C and D3, oil of oregano, licorice root, and of course, hemp seed oil. It’s all natural and perfectly legal, with no side effects! Sources for this article include: TruthWiki.org SaneVax.org HealthImpactNews.com VaccineImpact.com VaccineImpact.com Vaxxed.com NaturalNews.com http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-03-17-countless-teenage-girls-suffer-paralysis-blood-clots-brain-damage-and-chronic-pain-from-force-vaccination-of-gardasil-hpv-shot-in-the-dark.html Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 913 ← Residents Outraged After Video Shows Cops Taser a Family’s Dog New Mexico Rescinds All Previous Article V Con Con Applications → One Response to Countless teenage girls suffer paralysis, blood clots, brain damage and chronic pain from force-vaccination of Gardasil’s HPV “shot in the dark” NC says: March 17, 2017 at 10:34 pm These corporations are using us as guinea pigs for their new and improved version 2.0 trial vaccinations and people fall for them hook line and sinker. So sad. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments koyote on New protest bills: Stamping out ‘economic terrorism’ or chilling free expression? koyote on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 koyote on FCC chairman does not believe media ‘enemy of the American people’ Darzak on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Darzak on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Darzak on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 NC on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 NC on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 NC on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Briarpatch on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Martist on Jim Willie Issues ALERT: We’re AT THE DOOR of the Global Currency Reset Andrew on The Word From the Trenches – March 20, 2017 CaptainObvious on Jim Willie Issues ALERT: We’re AT THE DOOR of the Global Currency Reset mary in ND on David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 CaptainObvious on Jim Willie Issues ALERT: We’re AT THE DOOR of the Global Currency Reset jip on LGBT community worries about hate crime prosecutions # 1 NWO Hatr on For The First Time Ever, The Federal Government Is Referring To Marijuana As Medicine # 1 NWO Hatr on Police Are Using Fake Facebook Accounts To Track Gun Supporters, Says Lawyer Ruth on Nova Scotia Archives is recruiting online volunteers to transcribe documents to make the past searchable # 1 NWO Hatr on Louisville mayor asks FBI to investigate child sex-abuse claims against police Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Top News | Mon Mar 20, 2017 | 7:54am IST Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Pharmaceutical tablets and capsules are arranged on a table in a photo illustration shot September 18, 2013. REUTERS/Srdjan Zivulovic/Illustration/File Photo By Bill Berkrot | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Next In Top News India cabinet approves draft GST bills - minister NEW DELHI India's cabinet has approved four bills to implement a planned Goods and Services Tax (GST) bills, a government official said on Monday, paving the way for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to implement the landmark tax reform from July. Unsung heroes Pujara, Saha add steel to India's armoury RANCHI, India Cheteshwar Pujara has one more test to play in the ongoing Australia series before the top-order stalwart slips out of India's sporting consciousness as the nation shifts its focus to the bedlam of white-ball cricket. S.Korea's Park apologises, promises cooperation in graft probe SEOUL Ousted South Korean President Park Geun-hye apologised to the country on Tuesday as she arrived at prosecutors' offices for questioning as a criminal suspect in a widening corruption investigation that has already cost her the presidency. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Vodafone, Idea in $23 bln deal to create new Indian telecom leader Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study By Bill Berkrot ReutersMarch 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Bill Berkrot WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2. (This story has been refiled to add word in last paragraph) (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Fox pulls Napolitano from air after Trump report 2158 messages5%65%30% Stylishly Transition from Lifting to Lunch eBaySponsored Ivanka Trump will get her own White House office 17 messages12%71%17% Fractured friendship of Aaron Hernandez and a gangster played out in bone-chilling court scene 156 messages5%59%36% Photos of the day - March 20, 2017 10 messages8%75%17% People With Excellent Credit Must Have These Cards CompareCards.comSponsored The global impact of the FBI investigation into Trump-Russia allegations 4 messages0%50%50% Tempers flare in OKC, but Steph gets last laugh as Warriors blow out Thunder again 111 messages3%71%26% Suri Cruise Looks Like Katie Holmes’ Mini Doppelgänger in New Photo 480 messages6%77%17% Free Event in the Washington DC Area, April 5- 8! Rich Dad EducationSponsored Katey Sagal Reveals 15-Year Battle With Drug Addiction in New Memoir 1263 messages6%70%24% Batter up! Palestinian women try to bring baseball to Gaza 38 messages7%67%26% VIDEO: Retracing Trump-Russia allegations from 2016 campaign to FBI investigation 1 messages Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Angelina Jolie’s Latest Adoption Scandal 363 messages3%74%23% Analysis: Reality catching up with Trump on Russia 2247 messages5%61%34% FBI’s Comey knocks the Patriots to make a point about the Kremlin’s grudge against Clinton Mike: That's right let's not forget who sold Russia 20% of uranium but you won't hear the liberals crying about that because they're idiots and they should be taken out and shot in their damn stupid heads because the idiots voted for her to say shoot a liberal day keeps the doctor away￼ Join the Conversation 1 / 5 279
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Rupee hits 1-1/2 yr high Note ban: 18 lakh accounts under IT lens 'Wife ousted me from ShopClues' Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study HEART-ASTRAZENECA/DIABETES (CORRECTED):REFILE-Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in studyReuters | Updated: Mar 20, 2017, 12.20 AM IST (Adds word in last paragraph) By Bill Berkrot WASHINGTON, March 19 (Reuters) - A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least 90 percent have type 2. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Get 600 international calling mins at $2! Reliance Global Call 20 greatest boxers of all time SocialDaft! साइकिल चुनाव चिन्ह है 'अपशगुन' NETWORK18 MEDIA & INVESTMENTS LIMITED More from The Times of India Watch: Karan Johar himself answers his TV show questions ED attaches Rs 18.37cr assets of Zakir Naik NGO Coach of women's hockey team 'forgets' it's 11-a-side From the Web More From The Times of India Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm®State Farm Insurance The Most Addicting Shopping Site For WomenTophatter Oprah (Officially) Loves This Crazy Comfortable MattressOprah.com | Cocoon by Sealy Germantown Residents: Criminal Justice Programs Online: En..Criminal Justice Degree Sponsored Ads Make fasting feel like feasting with these lent recipes.Guerrero Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Yogi Adityanath to be UP Chief Minister, to take oath tomorrow How Trivendra Rawat pulled ahead of heavyweights on path to power Digvijaya should retire from politics, says former Goa Congress MLA Vishwajit Rane A $29 Rolex Club? Here's My Review Ad: Watch of the Month Club 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Myntra launches first offline store in Bengaluru Flipkart-owned online fashion retailer Myntra launched its first offline store in Bengaluru. The retail store is called Roadster which the company claims is their top selling private label brand. Govt finalising contours to deal with bad loan mess PMO India, RBI, and Finance Ministry are finalising contours to deal with bad loan mess, said government sources. From around the Web This Online Degree Program Will Help You Make a Difference.. Herzing University Invest in Indian Real Estate Starting at INR 16 Lacs SQUAREYARDS अफसरों की अधूरी तैयारी से पीएम मोदी हुए नाराज NETWORK18 3-sides open apt at Purva 270, Bangalore Puravankara More From The Times of India Now, UP CM Yogi Adityanath says no to 'lal batti' Times of India Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide TOI Website ‘Tharoor as PM’ campaign launched Times of India Read MoreWashingtonsaint luke s mid america heart instituteReutersphil berlowitzmikhail kosiborod Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Euro zone's Dijsselbloem calls for ESM to be turned into a European IMF 1Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study 2New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets 3New Zealand/Australia Morning Call-Global markets 4Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study 5Euro zone's Dijsselbloem calls for ESM to be turned into a European IMF Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Jat quota Yogi Adityanath UP CM Dinesh Sharma Ind vs Aus 3rd Test New UP CM Live: India vs Australia Narendra Modi Jat Agitation postponed Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web UP CM Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Live Cricket Score Trivendra Singh Rawat Yogi Adityanath Jat Andolan 2017 UP CM Goa Congress Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Aishwarya father funeral Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Yogi Adityanath Trivendra Singh Rawat Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Health Newer type 2 diabetes drugs show heart protective quality in study Shares1 Sun, 19 Mar 2017-11:56pm , Reuters A newer class of type 2 diabetes drugs significantly cut the risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure compared with other medicines for the disease, according to data released on Sunday from a so-called real world study sponsored by AstraZeneca. The drugs, known as SGLT-2 inhibitors, work by removing blood sugar via the urine and include Astra's Farxiga, Jardiance from Eli Lilly and Co and Boehringer Ingelheim, and Invokana from Johnson & Johnson. Jardiance caused a stir in 2015, when a clinical trial conducted to reassure it does not cause heart problems instead showed it reduced the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure or death from heart failure by 39 percent in high risk patients. The heart benefit has since been incorporated into Jardiance's label. AstraZeneca is conducting its own large clinical trials to determine the heart effect of Farxiga with results expected in 2019. But the latest data presented by Dr. Mikhail Kosiborod at the American College of Cardiology scientific meeting in Washington appears to indicate that heart protection is not limited to Jardiance. "The fact that the results are remarkably consistent from country to country regardless of which compound predominates, that certainly seems to suggest that it's a class effect," said Kosiborod, a cardiologist from Saint Luke's Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City. He noted that most Americans in the data were taking Invokana, while Farxiga was dominant in Europe. The study, which analyzed data from more than 300,000 type 2 diabetes patients collected from six countries, found the SGLT-2 drugs slashed the combined risk of hospitalization for heart failure and death from any cause by 46 percent. The data was obtained from real-world sources, such as medical records, claims databases and national registers. Most patients were taking Farxiga or Invokana with less than 10 percent on Jardiance. The comparator medicines included a wide variety of diabetes treatments, including metformin, DPP-4 inhibitors, such as Merck & Co's Januvia, and insulin, among others. The vast majority of patients had no history of heart disease. But heart disease is the number one killer of people with diabetes, and mounting evidence of heart protective qualities of SGLT-2 drugs could lead to greater use. "This class has a real potential of improving patient outcomes," Kosiborod said. Given the observational nature of the study the possibility of unmeasured confounding factors exists, researchers noted. More than 400 million people worldwide have diabetes, of whom at least have 90 percent type 2. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health Foods that will boost stamina and charge you Health A step-by-step guide to help you prepare for a long-distance run Health Good pain. Bad pain Health Behind India's stunted children: Anaemic, underweight mothers Health Keep ageing at bay with good nutrition and exercise Health World's heaviest woman loses 140 kg since arrival in India Next Article > Bengal get massive boost as Mohammed Shami will play Vijay Hazare final against Tamil Nadu Next node Bengal get massive boost as Mohammed Shami will play Vijay Hazare final against Tamil Nadu Related Astra, Lilly stick with Alzheimer's approach despite setback Aspirin may turbo-charge cancer immunotherapy: New breakthrough study Novartis, Amgen join forces to fight Alzheimer's disease Video From controversial comments on SRK to Mother Teresa: UP CM Yogi Adityanath has been a rabble-rouser WATCH: The Trump-Merkel 'handshake' that didn't happen! WATCH: Pakistani groom arrives sitting atop a lion cage for his wedding! View all Tags AstraZeneca American College of Cardiology Boehringer Ingelheim Eli Lilly Europe Johnson & Johnson Washington Invokana American College Eli Lilly and Co Kansas City SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News PM Modi asks BJP members to ensure attendance in Parl PIL against Kamal Haasan for alleged derogatory remarks on Hindus SC seeks response from Centre, RBI on plea over depositing old notes French junior minister Pompili backs Macron for president Post beef rumours, city hotel sealed, manager arrested Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Baseball-Puerto Rico reach Classic final with win over Netherlands Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Is Akshay Kumar charging his fee from wife Twinkle Khanna for 'Padman'? Here's the truth 'Whiplash' actress Melissa Benoist dating Chris Wood Ranbir Kapoor REVEALS why he wanted to become an actor! Emraan Hashmi BREAKS SILENCE on PLAGIARISM charges for 'Captain Nawab' Ali Fazal to collaborate with Eddie Izzard Money Strict punishment in the offing for misleading advertisements Why no new window to deposit demonetized notes after December 30: SC asks govt, RBI Paytm introduces insurance cover to safeguard wallet balance Mustardseed prices slide as participants book profits 'Digital India' is the theme of MIT conference this year Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360 Market Updates Tweet   World Alopecia Drugs Market 2016-2020: Research Report with detailed analysis on Key Vendors, Segmentation, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares & Forecast to 2020 The Alopecia Drugs Market report provides an in-depth analysis with current and future trends to clarify the forthcoming investment in the market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 19, 2017 ) Global Alopecia Drugs market report shares information regarding key drivers, challenges and trends with impact analysis. Quantitative analysis of the current market and estimations through 20162020 are provided to showcase the financial appetency of the Alopecia Drugs industry. Experts forecast Global Alopecia Drugs Market is expected to grow at 5.02% CAGR during the period 2016-2020. Alopecia is a loss of hair and can occur at any age across the genders. The exact cause of this disorder is unknown, but many factors are assumed to be responsible for developing alopecia. Few of the primary ones are a sedentary lifestyle, unhealthy diets, and side effects of certain medical treatments. Moreover, hormonal imbalance and aging increase the probability of developing a chronic disease like cancer, arthritis, depression, and hypertension, which would also lead to hair loss, especially among middle-to-late-aged people. Alopecia Drugs Market Report Covered: Opportunity of the Alopecia Drugs market Market research methodology Market landscape Market segmentation by type Geographical segmentation Market drivers Market challenges Market trends Alopecia Drugs Market Vendors landscape List of Exhibits And continued Get Sample PDF @ <||>rnhttp://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10366335 Alopecia Drugs Market Drivers: Lifestyle changes Popularity of off-label and OTC drugs High uptake of approved therapies For a full, detailed list, view our report Alopecia Drugs Market Challenges: Poor patient adherence Preference for alternative therapies Limited approved therapies For a full, detailed list, view our report Alopecia Drugs Market Trends: Focus on regenerative medicines Emergence of laser technology and PRP therapy Launch of new products For a full, detailed list, view our report Global Alopecia Drugs Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and restraints for the key players & their impact. Key Vendors of Alopecia Drugs Market: GlaxoSmithKline Johnson & Johnson Merck And many more Alopecia Drugs market report provides key statistics on the market status of the Alopecia Drugs manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the Alopecia Drugs industry. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Alopecia Drugs Market Research Report @ <||>rnhttp://www.360marketupdates.com/10366335 Geographical Regions of Alopecia Drugs Market: Americas APAC EMEA Alopecia Drugs Market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Alopecia Drugs industry. Price of Report: $2500 (Single User License) Purchase Report @ <||>rnhttps://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10366335 Global Alopecia Drugs market report 2016-2020 explains in depth information about market development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Alopecia Drugs industry before evaluating its possibility. About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Sales Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360 Market Updates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Pittsburgh City Paper   Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Things to Read Things to Do Watch+Listen Fun+Free Best of PGH Browse Things to Read Blogs News & Features Special Issues & Guides CP Longform Music Visual Arts Books Theater & Dance Food & Drink Movie Reviews Sports Views Issue Archives Browse Things to Do Short List Music Listings Critics' Picks Event Listings Dining Guide City Guide CP Happs App Submit an Event Listing Browse Watch+Listen Lynn Cullen Live City Paper Podcast Sound Bite Five Minutes in Food History FFW>> CP TV Slideshows Audio Archives FAQ412 Browse Fun+Free Win Free Stuff Job Search Daily Rundown Sign Up Burgh Bargains Browse Best of PGH Food & Drink Culture & Night Life Goods & Services People & Places Archives | RSS Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Friday, June 24, 2016 Health Health professionals tell Allegheny County to make HPV vaccine mandatory Posted By Ashley Murray on Fri, Jun 24, 2016 at 3:06 PM This week, the Allegheny County Department of Health, along with Allegheny County Council members, heard testimony in support of and against — but mostly in support — making the HPV vaccine mandatory for children, both boys and girls, ages 11 and 12. Human papillomavirus, or HPV, is the most common sexually transmitted disease, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which along with the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends the three-dose (over a period of six months) vaccine at that age, meaning before kids generally become sexually active. More than 25 speakers — including doctors, researchers, executives from health-care foundations, high school students, cancer survivors and even a dentist — addressed Dr. Karen Hacker, head of the Allegheny County Health Department, and council members. Dr. Liz Miller, director of community health at Children's Hospital at Pittsburgh and a professor of pediatrics at the University of Pittsburgh's School of Medicine, called the vaccine mandate "critically important" for "bridging the gap" in parts of Allegheny County where parents might not be educated on HPV, or where access to primary care is less likely. "The HPV vaccine is frankly a no-brainer," she said. According to the CDC, in most cases HPV will go away on its own. But when it doesn't, it can cause genital warts and cancers, including cervical cancer, cancer of the vulva, vagina, penis or anus. Cancer caused by HPV can also manifest itself in the throat, tongue and tonsils. Currently the vaccine is mandatory for school entry in Rhode Island, Virginia and Washington, D.C. "We have spoken with all three states to better understand their perspectives and experience," Hacker wrote in an email to City Paper. She says the vaccine is covered by most health-insurance plans and is included in the Affordable Care Act's preventive measures. John Rhodes, a 50-year-old assistant basketball coach for the Duquesne University Dukes, testified as a throat- and neck-cancer survivor. He called himself a "6-foot-9 walking billboard" for the HPV vaccine. He has been in remission for seven months after being treated for stage-four cancer that settled in his lymph nodes and was caused by HPV.  "My kids are vaccinated," he said. "As a coach and a competitive person, I challenge you [to mandate the vaccine]." Several doctors shared concern for the pain and complications their patients feel once they are diagnosed with a cancer caused by HPV. Dr. Umamaheswar Duvvuri, a head- and neck-cancer surgeon at UPMC and the local VA hospital, told the crowd about his 55-year-old male patient from Dubois, Pa., who found a lump on his neck. "I spent the day removing a large portion of this man's tongue," he said. "That could've been prevented." After the meeting, he explained that he and colleagues will be operating on six patients and treating four others for "oropharyngeal" cancers — head and neck cancers — and that those types of cancers are predicted to rise by 2020. Sixteen-year-old Sydney Reyes, of Riverview Junior-Senior High School, addressed another common argument against the vaccine — that it will encourage sexual promiscuity in teenagers. "This assumption can be resolved by having a proper discussion with your teen, not by blocking a vaccination," Reyes said. "Why should we risk a life like this when we really don't have to?" A few speakers against the vaccine mandate expressed their concerns to the councilors. A parent named Amy Rafferty read a letter from a friend whose daughter allegedly suffered severe hypertonia — muscles spasms — to the point where she couldn't walk anymore after receiving Gardasil, the HPV vaccine from Merck. James Lyons-Weiler, who formerly worked at the Hillman Cancer Center and who started his own research group entitled the "Institute for Pure and Applied Knowledge," told the crowd he was concerned that the current vaccine would allow for stronger virus strains to attack humans in the future. Yesterday, Lyons-Weiler posted a 3,000-word essay on his blog denouncing the medical professionals who asked Allegheny County to mandate the vaccine. He also mentioned that he met Rafferty because she organized the local screening of VAXXED — an anti-vaccine documentary that was kicked off the Tribeca Film Festival schedule, and which City Paper's film critic Al Hoff said came "across as an infomercial by way of a conspiracy theory for a discredited argument." Speakers who followed opponents of the vaccine mandate contradicted their arguments. Hacker says the comments gathered at the hearing will be presented to the board of health in July. "They wanted us to consider what the public felt [about an HPV-vaccine mandate]," Hacker said by phone today.  If the board decides to recommend a mandate, a public-comment period would follow. Editor's note: This post has been udpated to include comments from Dr. Karen Hacker. Tags: HPV, vaccines, Allegheny County, health, news, Image « Advocates ask Port Authority of All…  |  National revitalization conference… » Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Speaking of... Columbus, Ohio-based podcast Street Fight Radio brings its leftist comedy — and the Chapo Trap House podcast — to Spirit Mar 15, 2017 Despite changing infrastructure needs in the Mon Valley, the Mon-Fayette Expressway refuses to die Mar 8, 2017 Wylie Holdings has cashed in on Lawrenceville’s revitalization, but is it being a good neighbor? Feb 15, 2017 More » More Blogh » Latest in Blogh Author discusses "sex between straight white men" tomorrow at the University of Pittsburgh Mar 15, 2017 WWE Superstars visit patients at Pittsburgh Children’s Hospital to serve up championship belts and smiles Mar 14, 2017 Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto announces plan to provide water filters amidst lead concerns Mar 10, 2017 More »   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (17) Showing 1-17 of 17 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-17 of 17 Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread CityPaper Social Media Facebook Pittsburgh CityPaper Twitter PGHCityPaper Instagram Snapchat YouTube RSS Pittsburgh Citypaper Newsletter Subscriptions Listings Events Music Dining Bars -All Dates- Tuesday, March 21 Wednesday, March 22 Thursday, March 23 Friday, March 24 Saturday, March 25 Sunday, March 26 Monday, March 27 Tuesday, March 28 Wednesday, March 29 Thursday, March 30 Friday, March 31 Saturday, April 1 Sunday, April 2 Monday, April 3 Tuesday, April 4 Wednesday, April 5 Thursday, April 6 Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 -All Categories- ARTS & COMMUNITY   Auditions   Comedy   Dance   Exhibits   Festivals   Fundraisers   Holiday   Kidstuff   Literary   Other Stuff   Outside   Politics   Special   Submissions   Theater   Visual Art   Volunteers -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Dates- Tuesday, March 21 Wednesday, March 22 Thursday, March 23 Friday, March 24 Saturday, March 25 Sunday, March 26 Monday, March 27 Tuesday, March 28 Wednesday, March 29 Thursday, March 30 Friday, March 31 Saturday, April 1 Sunday, April 2 Monday, April 3 Tuesday, April 4 Wednesday, April 5 Thursday, April 6 Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 -All Categories- Acoustic Blues Classical Country DJs Easy Listening/Oldies Hip Hop/R&B Holiday Music Jazz Open Stage Other Music Reggae Rock/Pop World -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Categories- RESTAURANTS   American   Asian   Bakery   Barbecue   Breakfast   Brew Pub   Cafe/Coffeehouse   Cambodian   Caribbean   Celtic/Irish   Chinese   Continental   Deli/Sandwich Shop   Delivery   Ethiopian   French   German   Greek/Middle Eastern   Ice Cream and Dessert   Indian   Italian   Japanese   Korean   Latin American   Mexican   Pizza   Polish   Pub Grub   Quick Bites   Seafood   Southern Cuisine   Spanish   Steakhouse   Thai   Vegan/Vegetarian   Vietnamese CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT   Art gallery   Bar/club   Bookstore   Coffeehouse   Comedy club   Dance club   Exhibition space   Lecture/performance hall   Live theater   Movie theater   Museum   Music venue   Strip club   Wineries, Distilleries, and Breweries COMMUNITY & PUBLIC PLACES   College/university   Hotel   Kids' activities   Library   Park/outdoors -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople DAILY RUNDOWN Sign up for Daily Rundown and get the freshest content sent right to your inbox. Subscribe CP TV Two world class sumo wrestlers face off for charity at Stage AE More CP TV » Digital Issues This Week... Special Issues 2016 City Guide 2016 Dining Guide 2016 Holiday Guide Magazine Locations Read Past Issues Advertise | Archives | Contact Us | Join our Street Team | Freelance/Intern | Comments/Privacy Policy | Subscriptions | RSS Feed © 2017 Pittsburgh City Paper Website powered by Foundation National Advertising by VMG Advertising
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Comedy Festival Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting Cars RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Child’s play University of Melbourne study finds kids don’t get top quality learning in childcare New trial Monash Council trial will teach community about illegal dumping Change condemned Victoria to review race hate speech laws after federal change Fake gun Mum robbed with fake gun at Brimbank Shopping Centre Violent Cop punched in Mooroopna street brawl County Court Nine years, seven months jail for Steven Vasilevski over Delahey hit-run Touch off Myki users get refunds for touching on in Melbourne free tram zone Timber march CFMEU to join timber workers in march over Andrews Government failure to stop Heyfield mill closure County Court County Court: Peter Paulino jailed for two years over assault, stealing cars Chief confirms MP expenses scandal: report released on use of ‘second residence’ allowance Suburban burglaries Teenagers face 82 charges over series of aggravated burglaries New technology Victoria Police to take Mercedes Benz around the state to plug new safety technology Food review Stockroom 567 an easy decision Public Transport 20 new trams to be rolled out in Melbourne’s CBD next week and Premier says more to come Law change Family of girl allegedly raped in Geelong want laws changed to protect victims Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Odds.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Nursing Student Diary: One Day, Two Births iMedicalApps: Reflexion Health, Yale Partner on Home Tele-Rehab REMS Impact on Opioid Overdose Rates Unclear Rudeness Hurts Performance: HealthLeaders Media Global HPV Vaccination Guide Targets Girls LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage ACC: Even Very Low Dose Rivaroxaban Prevents Recurrent VTE Results from EINSTEIN CHOICE point to new clinical pathway MedpageToday savesaved by Peggy Peck Peggy Peck Editor-in-Chief, MedPage Today March 18, 2017 This article is a collaboration between MedPage Today® and: WASHINGTON -- Continuing use of rivaroxaban (Xarelto) at either 20 mg or 10 mg dose appears to reduce the risk of recurrent venous thromboembolism without increasing the risk for bleeding. "This is a useful and safe clinical pathway for managing these patients," said Philip S. Wells, MD of the University of Ottawa, who reported the results from the 3,396-patient EINSTEIN CHOICE study today during a late-breaking clinical trials session at the American College of Cardiology meeting. Based on these results, speaking at a press conference Wells said there is "really no role for aspirin in this setting ... I hope these findings will encourage more physicians to prescribe rivaroxaban for these patients." "Clotting and bleeding have been the focus of so many studies over the years, but those studies are usually focused in the coronary bed, so I am really glad to see these data," said Sandra Lewis, MD, of Oregon Health and Science University in Portland. Lewis, who served as a discussant, added that her patients find it hard to stay on long-term anticoagulation with warfarin due to the need for testing and dietary restrictions. The decision, she said, often comes down to "equipoise and so we rely on aspirin." The EINSTEIN CHOICE findings suggest that "... we can improve outcome and prevent events in a very safe way." Patients were randomized to rivaroxaban 20 mg or 10 mg daily or to aspirin 100 mg daily. Prior to study enrollment patients completed 6 to 12 months of anticoagulation therapy and were in equipoise in terms of needing additional anticoagulation. The study drugs were administered for up to 12 months and the efficacy endpoint was symptomatic recurrent venous thromboembolism (fatal or nonfatal); the safety endpoint was major bleeding. "We are talking about an area of clinical care that is very challenging," said Timothy J. Gardiner, MD, who was not involved in the study. "In our own vascular institute we are trying to develop a clinical pathway for this. There are very few guidelines and those that do exist are conflicting," Gardiner, a surgeon, is medical director of Christiana Care's Center for Heart & Vascular Health and executive director of the Value Institute and is a former president of the American Heart Association. "This looks like it could be the answer, " Gardner said, noting that warfarin is often difficult to manage and "aspirin is just not adequate." In the U.S. there is a pressing need for a clinical pathway such as Gardner mentioned because recurrent VTE is one of the quality markers used by Medicare. Wells told MedPage Today that using rivaroxaban as described in the current study is a recognized clinical pathway in Canada, but "little was known about the efficacy of the lower (10 mg) dose." The study was also simultaneously published online by The New England Journal of Medicine. Recurrent VTE occurred in 17 of 1,107 patients taking 20 mg rivaroxaban and in 13 of the 1,127 treated with the 10-mg dose. Among 1,131 patients receiving aspirin, there were 50 VTEs reported. These results translated to a hazard ratio of 0.34 for 20 mg rivaroxaban vs aspirin (95% CI 0.20-0.59); for 10 mg of rivaroxaban vs aspirin, HR 0.26 (95% CI 0.14-0.47). The major bleeding rate were similar in both rivaroxaban doses (0.5% and 0.4% for 20 mg and 10 mg, respectively). The rate was also low, 0.3%, in the aspirin control group. "The rates of clinically relevant nonmajor bleeding were 2.7%, 2.0%, and 1.8%, respectively. The incidence of adverse events was similar in all three groups," Wells and colleagues wrote. EINSTEIN-CHOICE was funded by Bayer Pharmaceuticals. Wells disclosed grant and personal support from Bayer Healthcare, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Pfizer, as well as personal fees from Janssen and Daiichi-Sankyo outside the submitted work. Weitz reports receiving consulting fees from Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Daiichi-Sankyo, Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Novartis, Portola, and Pfizer outside the submitted work. Crowther reports grant support, personal fees and non-financial support from Bayer , personal fees from Octapharma, Shinogi, Pfizer, and Alexion, personal fees and non-financial support from Portola, grant support from Leo Pharma, personal fees from legal firms retained by Bayer for expert testimony outside the submitted work. Cuker reports grant support from Bayer/Janssen outside the submitted work and reports he is Chair of the forthcoming American Society of Hematology Clinical Practice Guidelines on Venous Thromboembolism. 1969-12-31T19:00:00-0500 last updated 03.18.2017 Primary Source The New England Journal of Medicine Source Reference: Weitz , JI et al, "Rivaroxaban or Aspirin for Extended Treatment of Venous Thromboembolism" Published on March 18,2017, at NEJM.org Secondary Source The New England Journal of Medicine Source Reference: Crowther, MA, and Cuker, A "Reduced-Intensity Rivaroxaban for the Prevention of Recurrent Venous Thromboembolism" Published on March 18,2017, at NEJM.org Additional Source ACC.17 66th Annual Scientific and Session & Expo Source Reference: Weitz, JI "EINSTEIN CHOICE "Rivaroxaban or Aspirin for Extended Treatment of Venous Thromboembolism" Late-breaking clinical trial Saturday, March 18, 2017 0 comments More in Meeting Coverage REMS Impact on Opioid Overdose Rates Unclear ACC: LAAO Tied to Reduction in Thromboembolism ACC: Watch Out for Leaflet Thrombosis on Bioprosthetic Aortic Valves ACC: Pacing Program Stops Fainting Spells About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Anti-Suicide Drugs Market * More Tags... Industry News * Medical * More Industries... News By Place * Seattle   Washington   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 21 20 19 18 17 16 15 Anti-Suicide Drugs Market to Surpass US$ 4.8 Billion by 2024 at a CAGR of 4.2% Global Anti-Suicide Drugs Market, By Chemistry Type (Anti-Depressants and Anti-Anxiety Drugs, Anti-Psychotic Drugs, NMDA Antagonist, Antibiotic Analog), and Geography - Insights, Opportunity Analysis, and Industry Forecast till 2024     Spread the Word Listed Under Tag: • Anti-Suicide Drugs Market Industry: • Medical Location: • Seattle - Washington - US Subject: • ReportsSEATTLE - March 18, 2017 - PRLog -- The Global Anti-suicide Drugs Market was valued at US$ 3,318.3 million in 2015 and is projected to expand at a CAGR of 4.2% during the forecast period (2016–2024), as highlighted in a new report published by Coherent Market Insights. Introduction of novel approved drugs, expected to be commercialized post-2020, intended for treatment of suicidal ideation would be a major breakthrough for the global anti-suicide drugs market. Until recently, suicidal ideation has been treated with anti-depressants, anti-anxiety, and anti-psychotic drugs. The trend would continue until the expected launch of Cyclurad by NeruoRx Pharma during the latter half of the forecast period (2016–2024). Cyclurad is a combination of D-cycloserine and Lurasidone and indicated for Acute Suicidal Ideation/Behavior (ASIB) in Bipolar Depression. Other drug candidates are also in the pipeline, intended for treatment of suicidal ideation in major depressive disorder (MDD). Suicide is among the major economic burdens to the global economy. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), over 800,000 people commit suicide every year. Most of the suicidal deaths occur in Asia, Africa, and Eastern Europe. Moreover, many suicidal attempts go unnoticed until and seldom are reported to suicidal prevention organizations, who can help alleviate the issue. Stop Suicide, Yellow Ribbon Suicide Prevention Program, and American Foundation for Suicide Prevention are some of the leading organizations working for preventing suicides. High prevalence of suicidal attempts and deaths would be another stimulus besides the introduction of novel drugs for the growth of anti-suicide drugs market. N-Methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) agonists and antagonist are the prospective candidate for treating suicidal ideation. Companies banking on anti-depressants and anti-psychotic drugs for treating patients at risk for suicide should reconsider their strategy, considering these are not very effective at addressing the issue. Nonetheless, these drug class are not approved for use in treating patients at risk for suicide. The global anti-suicide drugs market has been driven majorly by off-label recommendations and prescriptions of anti-depressants, anti-anxiety and anti-psychotic drugs. Inadequate reach of healthcare facilities and affordable medications is hindering growth of overall healthcare market in emerging economies such as India, China, Brazil, and Indonesia. Therefore, companies introducing novel anti-suicidal drugs would be facing a challenge in market penetration in these nations and would be able to capture only a part of these markets to capitalize on the lucrative growth opportunities in these regions. North America and Europe remain potential markets at initial stages for the anti-suicidal drugs. High suicidal rates and accessibility to better medical therapies would be the major contributing factors for the anti-suicide drugs market in these regions. To know the latest trends and insights prevalent in the anti-suicide drugs market, click the link below: https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/market-insight/ant... Key takeaways of the market: • The global anti-suicide drugs market is majorly characterized by the use of anti-depressants, anti-anxiety and anti-psychotic drugs • The global anti-suicide drugs market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 4.2% during the forecast period (2016–2024). Rising incidence of suicides across the globe is expected to favor the market growth for anti-suicide drugs over the forecast period. • Suicidal rates are higher in Asia, Eastern Europe and Africa regions • The antibiotic analog (NMDA agonist) segment in the global anti-suicide drugs market is estimated to be growing faster post its FDA approval and commercialization • Market growth for anti-depressants and anti-anxiety drugs is projected to be impacted negatively by the launch of FDA approved anti-suicidal drugs expected towards the latter-half of the forecast period • Some of the major players present in the global anti-suicide drugs market are Pfizer, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Allergan plc, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc., H. Lundbeck A/S, NeuroRx, Inc., and Johnson & Johnson About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Contact Coherent Market Insights Mr. Shah 12067016702 ***@coherentmarketinsights.com End Source : Coherent Market Insights Email : ***@coherentmarketinsights.com Posted By : ***@coherentmarketinsights.com Tags : Anti-Suicide Drugs Market Industry : Medical Location : Seattle - Washington - United States Subject : Reports Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Coherent Market Insights PRs Pharmaceutical Excipients Market to Surpass US$ 9.8 Billion by 2024 Infusion Pumps Market to Surpass US$ 5.0 Billion by 2024 Global CAR T Cell Therapy Market to Reach US$ 8.5 Billion by 2028 Global Negative Pressure Wound Therapy Devices Market to Surpass US$ 2.7 Billion by 2024 Laboratory Information Management Systems Market to surpass US$ 2.2 Billion by 2024 Trending News Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam List of Powerhouse Performers Continues to Grow for Make A Wish Hudson Valley B'way Benefit Concert American Conference on Diversity Honors RWJBarnabas Health With Healthcare Humanitarian Award All Members of Small Distinctive Hotels Recognized at Tripadvisor's 17' Travelers' Choice Awards Glostik Willy: Toast The Coast Tour Top Daily News Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 2607 views NATIONAL PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Santa Ana Winds FC's Adan Coronado - 585 views A Book For Nothing To Celebrate n0thing - 418 views SR Socially Relevant (TM) Film Fest NY 2017 announces the Winners at the CLOSING AWARD CEREMONY - March 1 - 356 views All Members of Small Distinctive Hotels Recognized at Tripadvisor's 17' Travelers' Choice Awards - 250 views Top Weekly News Dr. Tinkle Guest Edits Ehlers-Danlos Sydrome Special Supplement for American Journal of Medical Genetics - 13798 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 2607 views Former Super Bowl Champion Creates a Tournament Team for County Youth - 1829 views Horror Writers Association's Lifetime Achievement Award Winners for 2016 - 1683 views AECOM Celebrates International Women's Day with Week-Long Festivities - 1597 views Top Daily News Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 2607 views NATIONAL PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Santa Ana Winds FC's Adan Coronado - 585 views A Book For Nothing To Celebrate n0thing - 418 views SR Socially Relevant (TM) Film Fest NY 2017 announces the Winners at the CLOSING AWARD CEREMONY - March 1 - 356 views All Members of Small Distinctive Hotels Recognized at Tripadvisor's 17' Travelers' Choice Awards - 250 views Top Weekly News Dr. Tinkle Guest Edits Ehlers-Danlos Sydrome Special Supplement for American Journal of Medical Genetics - 13798 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 2607 views Former Super Bowl Champion Creates a Tournament Team for County Youth - 1829 views Horror Writers Association's Lifetime Achievement Award Winners for 2016 - 1683 views AECOM Celebrates International Women's Day with Week-Long Festivities - 1597 views PTC News Firestone Park Grand Opening Later This Summer - 313 views Dexter, Millie Bobby Brown Q&A's, Superman Head Programming At Wizard World Cleveland, Fri-Sun - 267 views Lennar's Kemmer Meadows Coming Soon to North Plains - 192 views Mar 18, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Future Market Insights Press Release Receive press releases from Future Market Insights: By Email RSS Feeds: Veterinary Vaccines Market Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 6.9% During 2016  2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the Veterinary Vaccines Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026"report to their offering. Valley Cottage, HI, March 18, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Introduction: Veterinary vaccines is the most lucrative product segment of focus for veterinary drug manufacturers, followed closely by parasiticides. Given the preventive nature of veterinary healthcare, the veterinary vaccine market is estimated to witness considerable revenue traction over the coming years. With increasing incidence of food-borne zoonotic diseases, global animal production has reduced by 15%–20% a year. Growing pet animal adoption trend due to increasingly secluded lifestyles, ageing global population and increasing per capita income levels are factors promoting demand for companion animal vaccines. Effective harmonization of product development, registration and approval guidelines could reduce time-to-market for veterinary vaccines. This could benefit all key stakeholders in the veterinary vaccine value chain – governments, drug makers, distributors, farm owners and pet animal owners. Market Value Forecast In terms of value, the global veterinary vaccines market is anticipated to be valued at US$ 14,149 Mn by 2026, expanding at a moderate CAGR over the forecast period. Market Dynamics Growth of the global veterinary vaccines market is mainly driven by improving food security along with rising humanization of pets and adoption. Increasing foodborne and zoonotic diseases, improving public health through controlling contagious diseases such as avian influenza and rising humanization of pets and adoption are some factors excepted to drive overall growth of the veterinary vaccines market. Companies are adopting various strategies to sustain in the market and create a distinct value proposition for diverse consumer segments in order to offer cost-effective treatment for animals. This is in turn expected to drive growth of the veterinary vaccines market in developing regions. Request For Sample @ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-409 The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to witness impressive growth over the forecast period. However, declining influence of veterinarians, gaps in epidemiological knowledge of certain virulent veterinary diseases and pitfalls in identifying and understanding antigen/immunogenic structures are factors expected to hamper revenue growth of the global veterinary vaccines market. Segmentation by Product The global veterinary vaccines market is segmented on the basis of product type into attenuated live vaccines, conjugate vaccines, inactivated vaccines, subunit vaccines, toxoid vaccines, DNA vaccines and recombinant vaccines. Among the product type segments, attenuated live vaccines segment accounts for highest market share and is expected to expand at the CAGR of 7.5% between 2015 and 2024. Segmentation by Disease Application Type The global veterinary vaccines market is segmented on the basis of disease application types into anaplasmosis, canine parvovirus, foot & mouth disease, newcastle disease, distemper disease, influenza, porcine reproductive & respiratory syndrome (PRRS) and others. Among the disease application type segments, foot & mouth disease segment currently accounts for highest market share. Segmentation by Animal Type The global veterinary vaccines market is segmented on the basis of animal type as companion animals, livestock animals and equine. Companion animals segment comprises three sub-segments namely – canine, avian and feline. Livestock segment comprises five sub-segments namely, aquatic, bovine, porcine, ovine and poultry. Among the animal type segments, livestock animals segment is expected to witness relatively impressive growth during the forecast period. Segmentation by Distribution Channel The global veterinary vaccines market is segmented on the basis of distribution channel veterinary clinics, veterinary hospitals, veterinary research institute and retail pharmacies. Among the distribution channel segments, veterinary clinics segment accounts for highest market share, and is expected to register a CAGR of 7.1% between 2015 and 2024. Key Regions By region, the global veterinary vaccines market has been segmented into North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan, Middle East & Africa (MEA) and Japan. Globally, in terms of revenue, North America has been estimated to account for largest share of 30.4% in 2016, followed by Western Europe. Meanwhile, revenue from the market in Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) is expected to expand at the highest CAGR of 9.1% over the forecast period. Send An Enquiry @ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-409 Key Players Key players in the global veterinary vaccines market include Merial, Zoetis, Elanco, Merck & Co. Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH )(BIVI), Bayer Pharma AG, Ceva, Verbac, Diamond Animal Healthcare (Heska) and Indian Immunological Ltd. Browse Full Report@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/veterinary-vaccines-market Majority of players operating in the veterinary vaccines market are focused on entering into collaborations and partnerships with local distributors and retailers in order to enhance their presence in markets in various countries across the globe. Moreover, collaborations and partnerships also enable these companies to increase visibility of their products in markets across the concerned regions. Besides, companies are focusing on improving their competitive capabilities to strengthen their market presence worldwide and expand customer base. Contact Information Future Market Insights Sudip Saha +1-347-918-3531 Contact www.futuremarketinsights.com 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018 Valley Cottage, NY 10989 United States F: +1-845-579-5705 Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Future Market Insights Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
