null
Next: up in PhillyDeals: NE Philly plant to shut in Oct., idling 143 workers (UPDATE) News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — PhillyDeals Merck cancels Zontivity, 148 jobs in latest North Wales cuts Updated: August 15, 2016 — 9:06 PM EDT Facebook icon 43Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Game officer who shot, killed loose bull: 'I generally don't do this' Nov 22 - 7:32 PM Pete Carroll raves about Wentz Nov 22 - 11:36 AM MEL EVANS / AP File According to a spokesperson, Merck is cutting the workers after making "the business decision to cease promotion of Zontivity (vorapaxar) in the U.S., effective September 2, 2016. by Joseph N. DiStefano, Staff Writer Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD     Joseph N. DiStefano Staff Writer Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.  More by Joseph N. DiStefano High spending, low taxes boosts Pa. bond costs another $50M+ above neighbors' Nov 22 'Aggressive' hiring ahead: Wayne drug tech firm buys West Coast, India offices Nov 21 Smartphone paywars: JPMorgan Chase Pay goes live Nov 21 More from Joseph N. DiStefano Arrow icon Merck, the New Jersey-based drugmaker, says it will end 148 sales and management jobs at its North Wales, Montgomery County plant by Sept. 10 as it stops offering Zontivity, a blood circulation medicine.  See the company's brief state WARN layoff notice here. Merck is cutting the workers, some of whom are based in the field and are not regularly in the office, after making "the business decision to cease promotion of Zontivity (vorapaxar) in the U.S., effective September 2, 2016," spokeswoman Lainie Keller said in an e-mail. Merck isn't saying the stuff doesn't work or isn't safe, Keller added. Earlier this summer, Merck told workers it was shifting around 300 jobs from North Wales and two sites in North Jersey, as it concentrates biomedical jobs in Cambridge, Mass., where that state is giving money to biotech companies in hopes of increasing local employment in the college (MIT, Harvard) and former factory town. Keller said the latest North Wales cuts are "separate and distinct" from the cuts local workers were told about earlier this summer, which target Merck Research Laboratories' pre-clinical and early development area in "emerging external science and technology." While cutting research jobs in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, Merck is "increasing our investment in exploratory biology in areas where biomedical research is converging, specifically in Cambridge, Mass. and the San Francisco Bay area," Keller added. "Unfortunately, those changes will result in workforce reductions at our Kenilworth and Rahway, N.J. sites and our North Wales, Pa. screening facility as we shift resources and personnel." Some Merck staff will be put on the street, while others will get a chance to leave town and move across the country if they want to keep working for Merck.  Merck has previously cut jobs in a series of layoffs in Montgomery County, but the company's public relations office still says it employs around 12,500 in the area, about the same as in previous years. Published: August 15, 2016 — 7:51 PM EDT | Updated: August 15, 2016 — 9:06 PM EDT The Philadelphia Inquirer Continue Reading More in business Business › Judge squelches new OT regs: Now what? Technology › Comcast courts Sling for multicultural content Business › Wolf pledges $300M for port; could mean 2,000 jobs Blatstein lands partner for Atlantic City Mall NY investment firm buys section of Strawbridge building offices Attorneys involved offer insights into $265M Amtrak derailment settlement North American Title moving from office in Cherry Hill to Mt. Laurel High spending, low taxes boosts Pa. bond costs another $50M+ above neighbors' Taxpayers pay more while politicians dicker Sunoco Logistics to merge with parent company PUC's Powelson takes helm of national utility regulatory group Comcast ups BuzzFeed stake to $400M Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Next: up in PhillyDeals: NE Philly plant to shut in Oct., idling 143 workers (UPDATE) News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — PhillyDeals Merck cancels Zontivity, 148 jobs in latest North Wales cuts Updated: August 15, 2016 — 9:06 PM EDT Facebook icon 43Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Game officer who shot, killed loose bull: 'I generally don't do this' Nov 22 - 7:32 PM Pete Carroll raves about Wentz Nov 22 - 11:36 AM MEL EVANS / AP File According to a spokesperson, Merck is cutting the workers after making "the business decision to cease promotion of Zontivity (vorapaxar) in the U.S., effective September 2, 2016. by Joseph N. DiStefano, Staff Writer Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD     Joseph N. DiStefano Staff Writer Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.  More by Joseph N. DiStefano High spending, low taxes boosts Pa. bond costs another $50M+ above neighbors' Nov 22 'Aggressive' hiring ahead: Wayne drug tech firm buys West Coast, India offices Nov 21 Smartphone paywars: JPMorgan Chase Pay goes live Nov 21 More from Joseph N. DiStefano Arrow icon Merck, the New Jersey-based drugmaker, says it will end 148 sales and management jobs at its North Wales, Montgomery County plant by Sept. 10 as it stops offering Zontivity, a blood circulation medicine.  See the company's brief state WARN layoff notice here. Merck is cutting the workers, some of whom are based in the field and are not regularly in the office, after making "the business decision to cease promotion of Zontivity (vorapaxar) in the U.S., effective September 2, 2016," spokeswoman Lainie Keller said in an e-mail. Merck isn't saying the stuff doesn't work or isn't safe, Keller added. Earlier this summer, Merck told workers it was shifting around 300 jobs from North Wales and two sites in North Jersey, as it concentrates biomedical jobs in Cambridge, Mass., where that state is giving money to biotech companies in hopes of increasing local employment in the college (MIT, Harvard) and former factory town. Keller said the latest North Wales cuts are "separate and distinct" from the cuts local workers were told about earlier this summer, which target Merck Research Laboratories' pre-clinical and early development area in "emerging external science and technology." While cutting research jobs in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, Merck is "increasing our investment in exploratory biology in areas where biomedical research is converging, specifically in Cambridge, Mass. and the San Francisco Bay area," Keller added. "Unfortunately, those changes will result in workforce reductions at our Kenilworth and Rahway, N.J. sites and our North Wales, Pa. screening facility as we shift resources and personnel." Some Merck staff will be put on the street, while others will get a chance to leave town and move across the country if they want to keep working for Merck.  Merck has previously cut jobs in a series of layoffs in Montgomery County, but the company's public relations office still says it employs around 12,500 in the area, about the same as in previous years. Published: August 15, 2016 — 7:51 PM EDT | Updated: August 15, 2016 — 9:06 PM EDT The Philadelphia Inquirer Continue Reading More in business Business › Judge squelches new OT regs: Now what? Technology › Comcast courts Sling for multicultural content Business › Wolf pledges $300M for port; could mean 2,000 jobs Blatstein lands partner for Atlantic City Mall NY investment firm buys section of Strawbridge building offices Attorneys involved offer insights into $265M Amtrak derailment settlement North American Title moving from office in Cherry Hill to Mt. Laurel High spending, low taxes boosts Pa. bond costs another $50M+ above neighbors' Taxpayers pay more while politicians dicker Sunoco Logistics to merge with parent company PUC's Powelson takes helm of national utility regulatory group Comcast ups BuzzFeed stake to $400M Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
null

Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > 6 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Buy Now 6 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Buy Now By Portfolio Grader  |  Aug 12, 2016, 10:00 am EST     Popular Posts: 22 Metals & Mining Stocks to Buy Now 17 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Sell Now Hottest Transportation Stocks Now – ESEA DCIX MRTN TRCO Recent Posts: Biggest Movers in Services Stocks Now – VEEV ARA SYNT R Hottest Financial Stocks Now – UBCP SASR YIN MSL Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – DE ELON CNHI HCHC View All Posts The grades of 6 Pharmaceuticals stocks are on the rise this week on Portfolio Grader. Each of these stocks is rated an “A” (“strong buy”) or “B” overall (“buy”). ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ANIP) boosts its rating from a D to a B this week. ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops, manufactures, and markets prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceuticals. The company also gets A’s in earnings revisions and earnings surprise. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of ANIP stock. The rating of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) moves up this week, rising from a C to a B. Merck & Co., Inc. is a global health care company that delivers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, animal health, and consumer care products. The company also gets A’s in earnings momentum. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of MRK stock. This week, Heska Corporation’s (HSKA) ratings are up from a B last week to a A. Heska Corporation discovers, develops, manufactures, and markets companion animal health products, primarily for dogs, cats, and horses. The company also gets A’s in operating margin growth, earnings growth, earnings revisions, and earnings surprise. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of HSKA stock. Relypsa, Inc. (RLYP) improves from a C to a B rating this week. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of RLYP stock. Cynapsus Therapeutics Inc. (CYNA) earns a B this week, jumping up from last week’s grade of C. The company also gets A’s in earnings revisions and earnings momentum. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of CYNA stock. This is a strong week for Pain Therapeutics, Inc. (PTIE). The company’s rating climbs to A from the previous week’s B. Pain Therapeutics, Inc. develops safer or more efficacious drugs for use in pain management, particularly in the area of opioid painkillers. The company also gets A’s in earnings revisions and earnings surprise. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of PTIE stock. Louis Navellier’s proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results — with A being “strong buy,” and F being “strong sell.” Explore the tool here. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/08/6-pharmaceuticals-stocks-to-buy-now-4/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks That Wall Street's Smart Money Likes Right Now 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under Trump 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017-Plus Apple Stock Is Shrugging Off the Trump Slump Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now The 3 Best REITs to Buy Under the Trump Presidency 7 Feast or Famine Stocks to Buy for Thanksgiving 3 Canadian Stocks to Buy for the New European Trade Deal 3 High-Dividend Stocks for 2017 and Beyond Most Popular Most Commented The 10 Best S&P 500 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Stocks the Smart Money Likes Right Now 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak S&P 500: Enjoy a Rare Thanksgiving Bull Feast! Time for Profit Taking on the Dow Jones Industrial Average Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Finally Snags SolarCity — Get Ready for the Heartbreak Is Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and SolarCity Corp (SCTY) a Bankruptcy in the Making? iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM): Our Year-End Target Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Mirror Image: Bristol-Myers Loss Is Merck's Potential Gain Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 16, 2016 10:11am   Comments Share: Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Calithera Biosciences, Part 2 - TNBC And RCC Catalyst Value Drivers (Seeking Alpha) Related MRK Vetr Opts To Hold On Merck Despite Biotech Optimism Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Dow Hits High, Nasdaq Dips, Dollar Sets New 13-Year Best (Investor's Business Daily) In the past week, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co's (NYSE: BMY) loss has been Merck & Co., Inc.'s (NYSE: MRK) gain. When Bristol-Myers reported back on August 5 that Opdivo did not meet its targets for treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer, the stock tanked 16 percent. Merck stock, on the other hand spiked 10.4 percent on the news as investors speculated that the company’s rival drug Keytruda could be the big winner. Related Link: Mizuho Upgrades Valeant, Says Financial Engineering Helped Company 'Outfox The Shorts' However, the stock’s performances have continued to mirror each other ever since, as PreMarket Prep’s Dennis Dick pointed out on Twitter. One likely explanation is that a number of traders have been pair trading the stocks ever since the Opdivo news came out. For Now, Bristol-Myers seems to have found some support at the $60 level, but a breakout below $60 would likely push the stock to test the $55-58 level where it found support in late 2015 and early 2016. A Bristol-Myers breakdown could also trigger a breakout in Merck to new highs above $64. Prior to the August 5 news, Bristol-Myers and Merck had traded nearly in tandem throughout all of 2016, delivering 12.3 and 10.2 percent gains, respectively. Bristol-Myers stock is now down 12.8 percent on the year, while Merck is up 19.7 percent. Posted-In: Dennis Dick Keytruda OpdivoBiotech Technicals Top Stories Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Vetr Opts To Hold On Merck Despite Biotech Optimism Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BMY Trending Recent 1 MDT, ROKA: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 URBN, JACK: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 DRYS, LC: LendingClub Has Major Short Squeeze Potential 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Targe... 5 AXON, DE: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-... 6 PANW, CUDA: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity F... 7 BABA, SCTY: President-Elect Trump... 1 MSFT, HPE: Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining... 2 URBN: Urban Outfitters Cooks Up A Q3 Miss, Inventory High Going Into Q4 3 GWPH: Concerns Over GW Pharma's Epilepsy Drug-On-Drug Interactio... 4 MGEE, MTW: Mid-Day Market Update: Eli Lilly Tumbles After Alzheim... 5 ITG, TFSL: 8 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Friday,... 6 CSCO, HPE: Expect Hewlett Packard Enterprise Sh... 7 P: Pandora Is Still A Show-Me Story View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs Atlassian A Buy At Summit Redstone On Highly Differentiated Software Model
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Credit Suisse Issues Top Pharma Picks in Bull/Bear Upside Analysis By Jon C. Ogg August 15, 2016 1:05 pm EST Print Email Tweet It is sometimes hard to wonder about health care and pharmaceutical stocks during an election year. Still, with uncertainty can come opportunity. The team at Credit Suisse has issued its picks in pharmaceutical stocks, showing which companies have the most upside of the Big Pharma players and which ones may remain muted. Credit Suisse ran a bull and bear scenario for what the firm feels is a reasonable upside and downside for each of its large cap companies. While the firm’s Vamil Divan is maintaining the current ratings and 12-month target prices, the report does identify which companies may have the most implied upside based on the analysis and most likely outcomes. Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) was one of the two top picks for upside. It is seen as having a diversified late-stage pipeline, and that pipeline is viewed as being relatively de-risked with more upside than downside. Credit Suisse thinks the wildcard remains solanezumab, where the firm remains cautious overall but there remains much more perceived upside than downside at current levels. Divan has a base case target price of $96 for Eli Lilly, while we see a bull case scenario of $116 and a bear case of $65. Eli Lilly shares were last seen trading right at $80.25, in a 52-week range of $67.88 to $92.85. Its consensus analyst price target is $96.81. The second top pick among the Outperform rated pharma stocks was Allergan Inc. (NYSE: AGN). Divan is optimistic on Allergan’s recently launched products and late-stage pipeline. Credit Suisse’s bullish case leads to $391, significantly higher than the $253 handle today. Credit Suisse’s bearish case for Allergan is one in which the pipeline would be given a zero-dollar value. Even that generates a discounted cash flow valuation of $200. The other Outperform-rated cases for the bull and bear analysis were shown below. Investors might want to keep in mind that both Merck and Pfizer are Dow Jones Industrial Average components. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) currently trades at $63.51, and Credit Suisse gave a base case target price of $73. Merck’s bullish case is all the way up at $82, and the bearish case is down at $54. Merck has a consensus price target of $64.63. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) currently trades at $35.00, versus a consensus analyst target of $39.35. Credit Suisse’s base case is $40, and they have a bullish case up to $44 and a bearish case down at $32. Pfizer has an Outperform rating at Credit Suisse. AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) was last seen trading at $67.58, and it has a consensus price target of $70.78. Credit Suisse’s Outperform rating comes with a base case price target of $70. Its bullish case is up at $86 and the bearish case would be down at $48. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Even With Alcatel Integration Woes, Why Nokia Shares Could Rise 70% or More Major Changes Seen in Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: Apple, Wal-Mart, Phillips 66, Deere and More » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, featured, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Value Investing, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Dangerous Cities in America The Worst Companies to Work For The Safest Cities in America The Largest Private Company in Every State Recent Natural Gas Price Up 2% After Storage Report Crude Oil Price Creeps Up on Inventory Decline, Gasoline Build Consumer Sentiment Surges Higher After Trump Victory Juno Falls Sharply on Self-Imposed Clinical Hold Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Encana Corp: It's All About the Margins Why Shares of Urban Outfitters Dropped Today Top Stocks to Buy in Cloud Computing Kite Pharma's stock turns positive, up 0.7% after being down as much as 6.7% earlier Bluebird's stock swings higher, up 0.4% after being down as much as 6.8% earlier Jan. WTI crude trades at $48.18/bbl on Nymex vs. $48.02 before supply data Is Editas Medicine (EDIT) Stock a Solid Choice Right Now? Why You Shouldn't Bet Against NIC (EGOV) Stock Why First Interstate (FIBK) Stock Might be a Great Pick A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Caterpillar's Stock Leads Dow Gainers After Peer Deere's Blowout Results Look to ETFs as Passive Investing Grows in Popularity Stocks Calm Ahead of Thanksgiving Holiday; Dow Touches New Intraday Record This Holiday Season Expect To See Humanity In Action Obama's Big Overtime Reform Just Got Blocked In Court Millennials Are Loading Up On Their Vegetables Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Russia Building New Underground Nuclear Command Posts Here’s How The Government Is Stealing More Than Ever Before… → Why Should There Be A Moratorium On Vaccines? Posted on August 15, 2016 by # 1 NWO Hatr Activist Post – by Catherine Frompovich My new book, Eat to Beat Disease, Foods Medicinal Qualities was published July 20, 2016, and Blog Talk Radio show “In the Know” host Sallie O. Elkordy interviewed me about it, but before we got to talking about my new book, she asked a pointed question about vaccines since she knows that I have researched vaccine information since the 1980s and wrote Vaccination Voodoo, What YOU Don’t Know About Vaccines the only book I know of that addresses most of the toxic ingredients in vaccines and the damage they cause from published peer review journals, which is not being taken seriously by the medical profession.   Since Sallie has spearheaded the national campaign “Unite to Save Our Children, Call for a National Moratorium on Vaccination Now,” the question Sallie asked was, “Why should there be a moratorium on vaccines?” However, Sallie put that question to me during her phone conversation inviting me on her show, so I was prepared with a statement when she asked that question on air. Here’s what I replied: What would be the most logical, sensible and FACTUAL answer to that rather contradictory question regarding vaccines? The primary reason for a moratorium on the vaccination program is the fraud and downright deceit involved in what I call “tobacco science” exercised by the CDC and FDA in approving new vaccines for licensure going back to the 1950s with the polio vaccines, and now even more prevalent than ever, I think, with regard to the horrible state of children’s health with childhood Autism obviously from the MMR vaccines, plus other serious chronic diseases in childhood not experienced demographically before the current craze to vaccinate right out of the womb. Add to that the serious health effects, including deaths, from the HPV vaccines given to preteens and teenagers. Furthermore, there’s a video on the Internet wherein Dr Maurice Hilleman, MD, the father of modern vaccines who was the vaccinologist at Merck and Company, discusses in no uncertain candid terms the SV40 virus that was in vaccines, especially the polio vaccine, which the CDC finally admits was there and the US Congress held hearings on in 2003 wherein it finally was confirmed that 98 million or more U.S. kids were vaccinated with a cancer-containing virus vaccine to prevent polio! However, is that the reason for the cancer epidemic today? Fraud and deceit at the CDC and FDA can be verified in the June 2000 Simpsonwood Meeting held in Georgia wherein the FDA held a clandestine meeting to discuss the findings of the CDC’s epidemiologist Dr Thomas Verstraeten, MD, that autism was implicated in vaccines! The end result of that meeting was to send Verstraeten back to the drawing boards to rework his research so that no autism links could be found, which he did and which the FDA/CDC keep stating all these years as factual, whereas in reality it’s a boldface scientific fraud. That autism-related fraud was exposed further by William Thompson, PhD, and is documented in the movie VAXXED, which can be accessed on the Internet. Thompson is on record in the movie telling how the FDA scientists gathered to destroy their research data that implicated autism in young black boys less than three years of age. They actually put that research into a trash can, but Thompson saved his research files and data and turned them over to U.S. Congressman Posey of Florida, who’s asked for a congressional hearing into the fraud and deceit in MMR vaccines but no such investigation has been held to date. Why? Then there’s the research by criminally-indicted Danish researcher Poul Thorsen, MD, PhD, whose work the CDC uses to prove there are no links between autism and vaccines. Thorsen is a wanted man for embezzling $2 million from the U.S. CDC and no one is going after him. Why isn’t criminal Thorsen’s work retracted, when they witch-hunted Dr. Andrew Wakefield for publishing that more research was needed on the MMR vaccine and gut problems since the vaccine virus was found in those kids’ intestines gastroenterologist Wakefield and associates observed? Is Thorsen as immune to prosecution as Hillary Clinton is regarding her personal emails, which apparently amount to a form of treason against the U.S. government for whom she worked as Secretary of State? Those are the reasons why there should be a moratorium on vaccines. However, after the show I added this Addendum, which I included in the written transcript of my answer: There are many more instances I can recite, but I think you can get the idea that vaccines are a sham and an experiment in an unproven science that is harming a least two generations of children, the future of the human race. That’s got to stop, and that’s why there has to be a moratorium on vaccines. Catherine J Frompovich August 12, 2016 Sallie O. Elkordy is one of the most avid vaccine-free advocates and activists I know. I cannot compliment her work enough and, therefore, would like to support her efforts to establish a National Moratorium on Vaccination in the USA. According to Sallie, to date, there are activists in twenty U.S. states participating to bring vaccination to a halt. The project was initiated when Sallie delivered an address to the National Vaccine Advisory Committee (NVAC) at the Department of Health and Human Services on June 7, 2016. The transcript for that address was written by Viera Scheibner, PhD in Natural Sciences. Oral presentation is here. The Plan of Action Beginning in August, ONE PERSON in each State STARTS by Grabbing & Downloading this banner to a printing website or to a printer. The banner has been sized to fit vistaprint.com’s smallest horizontal indoor banner (3′ x 1.7′), but any printer will do. Artwork was created for this purpose by Airmail-Greetings.com . The Kick-off occurred on August 1st with a Public Stand in New York City at City Hall. Many interviews regarding WHY people think that a Moratorium on Vaccination is needed have been conducted, starting with Dr. Rebecca Carley, MD, and most recently with Author and Journalist Catherine J. Frompovich. A Calendar has been created showing people participating in this effort (holding up their banners) and videos have been generated in support as well. How to Proceed As the Olympic Torch is passed from person to person until its destination is reached, so will our Moratorium banner be passed, but within each State from one vaccine injured family to the next until the end of October, Vaccine Injury Awareness Month. In November, one (or more) representative(s) from each State will convene in Washington, DC. The journey throughout this campaign must be photographed and/or videotaped and posted to social networking sites over the next 3 months. Hopefully, the Moratorium campaign to stop vaccination harms also will become a presidential campaign issue; that’s one of its goals. If you have a vaccine-injured family member and want to take part in a State-by-State effort to solidify a “National Moratorium on Vaccination,” please contact Sallie O. Elkordy at VaccineFreeNYC. As Sallie says, “Grab and print the banner calling for a ‘National Moratorium on Vaccination’ and embark with us on this crucial mission as soon as possible.” To your health! ~ Sallie O. Elkordy ~ https://BrightFuture83.wordpress.com Below are a couple of the photographs, which Sallie provided, of folks who have joined the National Moratorium on Vaccination. There is a portfolio of similar photographs, which could not be included in this article. John Berchielli, who suffers from Guillain-Barré syndrome resulting from the TDaP vaccine, musters what strength he has left to STAND for Children! John was a seven-year volunteer for California State Senator Dr. Richard Pan, MD, when Pan headed up the Pediatrics Division in a California Hospital. Dr. Pan introduced the infamous SB277 [1] mandatory vaccination legislation into the California legislature. Since John has fallen ill, Pan hasn’t visited him once. John proudly supports the Moratorium on Vaccinations. Jermaine Muhammud, NOI Organizer for #JusticeOrElse Atlanta, Georgia, (second from left) with fellow activists, who support the Moratorium on Vaccinations. Jermaine is best known for his efforts organizing people for rallies outside the CDC with another rally coming up in mid-October. New York City’s “A” Team at NYC City Hall (2015 monthly stand with speeches) L to R: Christian Palma, Yuka Azuma, Sarai Flores and Moratorium on Vaccines organizer Sallie O. Elkordy “Intellectuals solve problems. Geniuses prevent them.” Albert Einstein Join the National Moratorium on Vaccination Campaign [1] http://bolenreport.com/lawsuit-sb-277-filed/ Catherine J Frompovich (website) is a retired natural nutritionist who earned advanced degrees in Nutrition and Holistic Health Sciences, Certification in Orthomolecular Theory and Practice plus Paralegal Studies. Her work has been published in national and airline magazines since the early 1980s. Catherine authored numerous books on health issues along with co-authoring papers and monographs with physicians, nurses, and holistic healthcare professionals. She has been a consumer healthcare researcher 35 years and counting. Activist Post   Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket Related This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 764 ← Russia Building New Underground Nuclear Command Posts Here’s How The Government Is Stealing More Than Ever Before… → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Frank Face on Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump’s inauguration Vekar on The nasty rise of ‘flash mob robbers’ BMF on Not again! US Navy ‘stealth’ destroyer towed into port after another break down BMF on Not again! US Navy ‘stealth’ destroyer towed into port after another break down Jolly Roger on Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump’s inauguration KOYOTE on Christmas Tree Jolly Roger on Christmas Tree BMF on Wayne State University officer recovering from shooting Jolly Roger on Illegal Immigrants Set Record By Using Children As Deportation Shields KOYOTE on The nasty rise of ‘flash mob robbers’ Bill in IL on West Virginia Supreme Court Expands DUI To Private Property Jolly Roger on FBI hacked into 8k computers in 120 countries using single disputed warrant – report Jolly Roger on Not again! US Navy ‘stealth’ destroyer towed into port after another break down Bill in IL on Kansas man’s homemade gun silencers clash with federal law Jolly Roger on Wayne State University officer recovering from shooting KOYOTE on Donald Trump Flip Flops on Climate Change…Surprised? NOT Jolly Roger on Scientists Find “Persuasive Evidence” Of Vote Hacking, Demand Clinton Recount In 3 States 2-Sense on Crispian St. Peters – Pied Piper Jolly Roger on Enter Fake News as Replacement for Conspiracy Theory? KOYOTE on Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump’s inauguration Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SECURITY Jobs at these 10 companies will literally pay you for life Written by Janet Guyon August 15, 2016 Bernie loves pension plans. (AP Photo/Elijah Nouvelage) Share Written by Janet Guyon August 15, 2016 Everyone knows that retirement is an iffy proposition in the US. Americans either haven’t saved enough, don’t earn enough to salt away a nest egg, or will be faced with a broken Social Security system when we do retire. There’s a solution for all that. You could get a job at one of the companies that still offer defined-benefit pension plans. This is a fancy way to say that if you work for this company long enough–usually at least five years–they will pay you a certain amount every month for the rest of your life when you retire, normally after age 62. Defined benefit plans, or pensions, have gone the way of the dinosaurs in much of corporate America, replaced by 401ks (pdf) which require you to save and invest for retirement on your own. Most companies that offer 401k plans “match” a small portion of what you put in. Even if you contribute the maximum allowed under federal tax laws and your company matches part of that, you’re still subject to the vagaries of things like the stock market. The risk is all yours. But get a job at one of the places below and you’ll buy yourself a certain soothing security. These are the top 10 companies with the biggest defined benefit plans that are still taking new employees. Company Total Defined Benefit Assets (billions) Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc. $23.39 Johnson & Johnson $14.36 JPMorgan Chase & Co. $14.02 PG&E Corp. $13.63 Prudential Financial Inc. $12.14 Consolidated Edison of New York $11.89 Merck & Co. Inc. $10.04 Southern Co. $9.46 Eli Lilly & Co. $7.16 Dominion Resources Inc. $6.43 Source: Pensions & Investments (P&I) This list comes courtesy of Aaron M. Cunningham, director of research & analytics at Pensions & Investments, a unit of Crain Communications. About 30 million of the 113 million people working in private industry in the US are still covered by pension plans. While many companies have been cutting pension costs by barring new employees from joining, about 60% of companies with pension plans let new employees participate as of 2012 (the latest year data was available), according to the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation (PDF), the US government entity that insures pension plans. That’s down from 72% in 2008. Companies typically use a formula based on how long you were employed and your average or last years’ pay to calculate your pension at retirement. US companies by law vest pensions after five years of service and pay up to 1.8% of your salary per year of service, according to Christian Weller, a public policy professor at University of Massachusetts, Boston. So if you spent only five years at a company and earned an average of $100,000 a year, you’d get $9,000 a year when you retired. Most people spend more than five years with one employer, however. If you worked at a company for 30 years and earned $100,000 on average during the final few years, and the company’s promise was to pay you annually during retirement 1.5% of that average salary multiplied by years employed, you would get $45,000 a year for the rest of your life. (Participants can sometimes elect to trade lower annual payments for lump sum payouts or survivor benefits for their spouses.) Many US companies that pay pensions also offer 401k plans. JPMorgan Chase, for instance, pays retirees an annual pension and offers a 401k plan that matches their contributions, dollar-for-dollar, for up to 5% of their compensation. JPMorgan employees also have the option to take their pensions as a lump sum in cash rather than as monthly payments. The financial crisis has bolstered people’s support for pensions. According to a 2015 telephone survey conducted by Greenwald & Associates for the National Institute on Retirement Security (NIRS), 82% of people in the US think a pension is worth having and 67% say they would take less pay to get a guaranteed income at retirement. Weller says employers are less willing to offer pensions because federal regulations require companies to fund their pension obligations using ever-changing interest rate assumptions. That means from year to year, keeping the pension fund topped up can cost big employers billions. It’s certainly easier to foist responsibility for retirement saving on their employees. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 16-Aug-2016 Duration of adulthood overweight and obesity linked to cancer risk in US women PLOS Share  Print  E-Mail The duration of overweight and obesity in women's adult lives is associated with cancer risk, according to a longitudinal study published in PLOS Medicine. The study, led by Melina Arnold of the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the specialized cancer agency of the WHO, in Lyon, France, and Professor Hoda Anton-Culver at the University of California, Irvine, uses United States Women's Health Initiative (WHI) data to identify dose-response relationships between duration of high body mass index (BMI) and the risk of developing several types of cancer. To date, most studies exploring the relationship between excess weight and cancer risk looked at cross-sectional information on overweight and obesity. Using multiple BMI measurements over time from approximately 74,000 women (with over 6,000 cancers diagnosed during the 12.6-year mean follow-up), Arnold and colleagues examined the association between duration of overweight, obesity and cancer risk, taking into account other factors related to obesity, such as physical activity, diet, smoking, hormone use, and diabetes. They found every ten-year increase in adulthood overweight duration was associated with a 7% (95% confidence interval 6%-9%) increase in the risk of all obesity-related cancers, 5% (3%-7%) increase in risk of postmenopausal breast cancer, and 17% (12%-22%) increase in the risk of developing endometrial cancer. After adjusting for the intensity of overweight, these figures rose to 8% (5%-12%) for postmenopausal breast cancer and 37% (29%-46%) for endometrial cancer. BMI is not an ideal measure for body fat, and the WHI cohort is dominated by non-Hispanic white women. While these aspects of study design limit generalizability of the findings, the large scale of the study and longitudinal BMI data provide compelling evidence that overweight duration is an important risk factor for cancer. The authors state, "[i]f this is true, health care teams should recognize the potential of obesity management in cancer prevention and that excess body weight in women is important to manage regardless of the age of the patient." ### Research Article Funding: The WHI program is funded by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, National Institutes of Health, (http://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/) US Department of Health and Human Services through contracts HHSN268201100046C, HHSN268201100001C, HHSN268201100002C, HHSN268201100003C, HHSN268201100004C, and HHSN271201100004C. Support for this research (for MA) came from the Department of Epidemiology, School of Medicine and the Genetic Epidemiology Research Institute at the University of California, Irvine. Funding for this study (for MA and IS) was also obtained from the World Cancer Research Fund International(http://www.wcrf.org/), grant number SG 2012/619. MA was supported by a Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) International Cancer Technology Transfer Fellowship (http://www.uicc.org/). The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript. Competing Interests: I have read the journal's policy and the authors of this manuscript have the following competing interests: ESL's institution has received grant funding from the National Institute of Health, AHRQ, Merck, Amgen, Bristol Meyers Squibb, and Astrazeneca for her research work that is unrelated to the current study. Citation: Arnold M, Jiang L, Stefanick ML, Johnson KC, Lane DS, LeBlanc ES, et al. (2016) Duration of Adulthood Overweight, Obesity, and Cancer Risk in the Women's Health Initiative: A Longitudinal Study from the United States. PLoS Med 13(8): e1002081. doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.1002081 Author Affiliations: Section of Cancer Surveillance, International Agency for Research on Cancer, Lyon, France Department of Epidemiology, School of Medicine, University of California, Irvine, California, United States of America Stanford Prevention Research Center, Department of Medicine, Stanford University, Stanford, California, United States of America Department of Preventive Medicine, University of Tennessee Health Science Center, Memphis, Tennessee, United States of America Department of Preventive Medicine, Stony Brook University School of Medicine, Stony Brook, New York, United States of America Center for Health Research, Kaiser Permanente, Portland, Oregon, United States of America Division of Public Health Sciences, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle, Washington, United States of America Department of Epidemiology and Population Health, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, New York, United States of America Division of Public Health Sciences, Wake Forest School of Medicine, Winston-Salem, North Carolina, United States of America Faculty of Health Sciences and Social Welfare, University of Haifa, Haifa, Israel IN YOUR COVERAGE PLEASE USE THIS URL TO PROVIDE ACCESS TO THE FREELY AVAILABLE PAPER: http://journals.plos.org/plosmedicine/article?id=10.1371/journal.pmed.1002081 Contact: Melina Arnold International Agency for Research on Cancer Cancer Surveillance Section 150 Cours Albert Thomas Lyon, 69008 FRANCE +33472738400 arnoldm@iarc.fr Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact PLOS Medicine medicinepress@plos.org http://www.plos.org  More on this News Release Duration of adulthood overweight and obesity linked to cancer risk in US women PLOS Journal PLOS Medicine Keywords MEDICINE/HEALTH More in Medicine & Health Gut's microbial community shown to influence host gene expression University of Wisconsin-Madison Major finding identifies nitrogen as key driver for gut health University of Sydney Pioneers in IVC filter removal Rush University Medical Center Suicide rates drop among members of White Mountain Apache tribe Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health View all Medicine & Health news  Trending Science News New dominant ant species discovered in Ethiopia shows potential for global invasion North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences Oceans act as 'heat sink' University of Delaware Aspartame may prevent, not promote, weight loss by blocking intestinal enzyme's activity Massachusetts General Hospital What messages do female birds' markings send? Central Ornithology Publication Office View all latest news  Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlertAAAS facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)

Mittwoch, 23.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Global MRSA Drugs Market to Grow 1.34% by 2020 - Special Regulatory Designations Driving Growth - Research and Markets 16.08.2016 | 19:11 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Global MRSA Drugs Market to Grow 1.34% by 2020 - Special Regulatory Designations Driving Growth - Research and Markets DUBLIN, August 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global MRSA Drugs Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The report forecasts the global MRSA drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 1.34% during the period 2016-2020. The report has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Strategic alliances and M&A will be the key trend for market growth. Strategic alliances help co-develop and commercialize drugs. These agreements enable the use of technical expertise from both companies, as well as the use of regulatory and development experience gained by one company for the support of pipeline candidates of another company. They ensure the in-flow of adequate funds from both the companies, reducing liability costs for individual companies in case of failures. M&A are usually intended to increase the market penetration of the acquirer or enhance the product portfolio of the parent company. According to the report, growing awareness of diseases will be a key driver for market growth because it has increased the use of drugs. October is celebrated as World MRSA Awareness Month. European Antibiotic Awareness Day was celebrated on November 18, 2014 to raise awareness of antibiotic resistance and promote judicious use of antibiotics. The US Department of Health and Human Services developed Healthy People 2020, which aims to prevent and treat infectious diseases. Other awareness programs include World Hand Hygiene Day on May 5, National Infection Control Week in the third week of October, World Pneumonia Day on November 12, and Antibiotic Awareness Week in the third week in November. These programs help increase the treatment seeking population, thus driving the market. Further, the report states that patent expiries and generic penetration will be the challenges for by the market. Key vendors Allergan Merck & Co. Pfizer Theravance Biopharma Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Key buying criteria PART 06: Antibacterial: Overview PART 07: Antimicrobial resistance PART 08: Legislation relating to antibiotics use in US PART 09: Pipeline analysis PART 10: Market landscape PART 11: Market segmentation by drug class PART 12: Market segmentation by drug origin PART 13: Market segmentation by MOA PART 14: Geographical segmentation PART 15: Market drivers PART 16: Impact of drivers PART 17: Market challenges PART 18: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 19: Market trends PART 20: Vendor landscape For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/trn7zd/global_mrsa_drugs Related Topics: Infectious Diseases Drugs Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   China Infectious Disease Treatment Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Forecast ReportsWeb.com published Infectious Disease Treatment Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 16, 2016 ) Infectious diseases are caused by pathogenic microorganisms such as bacteria, parasites, fungi, or viruses. They can be transmitted from one person to another through direct or indirect contact. Anti-infective drugs are used to kill (cidal) or stop the growth (static) of infectious agents. Based on target organism, anti-infective drugs can be categorized into antibacterial, antifungal, antiviral, and antiparasitic. Publisher's analysts forecast the infectious disease treatment market in China to grow at a CAGR of 5.01% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report http://www.reportsweb.com/infectious-disease-treatment-market-in-china-2016-2020 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the infectious disease treatment market in China for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of branded, generic, and off-label drugs used to treat infectious diseases. The report also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs during the forecast period. Publisher's report, Infectious Disease Treatment Market in China 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - F. Hoffmann-La Roche - Gilead Sciences - GSK - Johnson & Johnson - Merck - Pfizer Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263470/sample . Other prominent vendors - Achaogen - Actelion - Adenovir Pharma - AstraZeneca - Bayer - Biocryst - Celsus therapeutics - Cempra - Eleven Biotherapeutics - Exoxemis - Ferrer International - Griffin Discoveries - Hexima - InSite Vision - Insmed Incorporated - KaloBios Pharmaceuticals - Lytix Biopharma - Meiji Seika Pharma - Melinta Therapeutics - Moberg Pharma - NanoViricides - Nektar - NicOx - NovaBay - NovaBiotics - Ocular Therapeutix - Panoptes Pharma - Paratek Pharmaceuticals - Polichem - PTC Therapeutics - RedHill - Shire - Starpharma Holdings - Sun Pharma - Symbiomix - Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals - The Medicines Company - Theravance Biopharma - Topica Pharmaceuticals - Vertex Pharmaceuticals - Viamet Pharmaceuticals Market driver - Use of combination therapies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Development of drug resistant strains - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Emergence of interferon (IFN)-free therapies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263470/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
null
null
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter East Bay Times Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Bernie Sanders: Big Pharma a health hazard Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Thanksgiving hotlines STDs on the rise Black Friday advice Oakland vs. Las Vegas Duped by fake news DWTS: The winner OpinionCommentary Bernie Sanders: Big Pharma a health hazard Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Bay Area News Group August 15, 2016 at 1:38 pm The pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people. Our nation pays — by far — the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. As a result, nearly one in five Americans cannot afford to fill their prescriptions. That is unacceptable. A lifesaving product does no good if patients cannot afford it. A new report from Americans for Tax Fairness explains how a pharmaceutical company, Gilead Sciences, games the system to charge high prices and then shifts the profits offshore to avoid billions in U.S. taxes. Gilead sells Sovaldi, a drug used to treat the hepatitis C virus. It was developed in part with taxpayer funds by a researcher who worked at the Department of Veterans Affairs and founded a small drug company. Gilead bought the company for $11 billion and used government-provided monopoly rights to set the sticker price at $1,000 per pill, or $84,000 for the 12-week course of treatment in 2014. U.S. public and private insurers, taxpayers and patients spent more money on Sovaldi in 2014 than on any other prescription drug, according to a report from the IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics. And yet, state Medicaid programs could afford to treat fewer than one in 40 patients with hepatitis C in 2014. If gone untreated, hepatitis C can end in what one nurse-practitioner called “some of the worst deaths I’ve ever seen.” She said, “At the end, you die not knowing who you are; your belly looks 12 months pregnant; you’re malnourished, and you’re bleeding to death.” Patients with hepatitis C are often low-income and a disproportionate number of them are veterans. Gilead’s profits have quintupled since it started selling the drug, from $4 billion in 2013 to $22 billion in 2015. Gilead claims that it earns two-thirds of these profits offshore, but this is impossible, because it reports earning two-thirds of its revenue here in the U.S., where it charges higher prices than anywhere else in the world. The company pays an effective tax rate of just 1 percent in the foreign countries where it claims to do business. In 2013, Gilead’s chief financial officer revealed the strategy by announcing the formula for Sovaldi was being transferred to Ireland to allow the company’s effective tax rate to “decline over time.” Gilead’s worldwide effective tax rate dropped from 27 percent in 2013 to 16 percent in 2015. So taxpayers helped bankroll the research behind the hepatitis C drug; Gilead charged Americans the highest price in the world for the treatment; and now we are getting cheated a third time, as Gilead stashes its profits abroad to avoid taxes. Gilead is not the only company taking advantage of our public research funding and tax loopholes. Pfizer, Merck, Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly, Bristol-Myers Squibb and many others engage in similar offshore tax dodging to avoid billions in U.S. taxes each year. At what point will Congress have the courage to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and say enough is enough? Congress should address this in several ways. First, in extraordinary circumstances, such as a cure for hepatitis C, federal law allows the government to use patented inventions with or without the permission of the owner, as long as they are fairly compensated. Second, Congress must repeal the rule allowing our corporations to defer paying taxes on profits they claim to earn offshore. We must also take several other steps to lower drug prices, including instructing Medicare to negotiate drug prices and reducing the barriers to the importation of prescription medication from Canada and other countries. Americans — including veterans, retirees, and children — who suffer from serious, sometimes fatal, illnesses like hepatitis C and cancer need a government that works for them, not just the CEOs of large pharmaceutical companies and the billionaire class. Bernie Sanders is a U.S. senator from Vermont and was an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic Party’s presidential nomination. Tags:  My Word Your Turn Bay Area News Group Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Testarossa opening new Carmel Valley tasting room Kawakami: The Ronnie Lott deal is a direct plea to the NFL (not so much the Raiders) Pittsburg: Two alleged Norteños arrested on aggravated mayhem charges One charged, two sought in shooting death of Richmond musician Family of Contra Costa deputy who drowned sues Tahoe boating company Sexually transmitted diseases on the rise in Bay Area, state Former Oakley resident dies in Half Moon Bay crash UC Berkeley: Male student sexually assaulted in university-affiliated housing More in Opinion Commentary: Work hard, play hard, live life fully November 23, 2016, 9:00 am Silicon Valley entrepreneur combines his love of kite surfing with an effort to save the oceans. Editorial: This year let’s set aside divisiveness for a day November 23, 2016, 9:00 am Editorial urges the nation to take a day to set aside its differences Why dishing on the rich and famous isn’t always a bad thing November 23, 2016, 7:50 am People think gossip is trivial and mean-spirited, but the universal practice has long served important purposes in human society. Robinson: Donald Trump deepens the swamp’s muck November 22, 2016, 5:16 pm Trump business dealings create conflict of interest issues Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Campaigns > DTC ads for Opdivo face further backlash Tweet Kevin McCaffrey August 15, 2016 DTC ads for Opdivo face further backlash Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Bristol-Myers Squibb began a direct-to-consumer ad campaign for Opdivo in late September.  A pair of commentaries criticized Bristol-Myers Squibb's direct-to-consumer ads for Opdivo, its immuno-oncology drug, arguing that the ad's message is misleading. Bristol-Myers Squibb CEO Giovanni Caforio has already had to defend the company's first branded cancer TV spot for Opdivo to investors. In January he said that the ad's purpose is to dispel pessimism about new cancer drugs given the history of oncology therapies that lack “significant value,” even though Opdivo only has a second-line lung cancer indication. See also: Bristol-Myers Squibb turns to DTC to promote Opdivo Caforio may soon have to go bat for the drugmaker's marketing strategy for Opdivo again, as criticism for the ad has mounted this past week. An op-ed in The New York Times said the ad overpromises the drug's effectiveness, while a JAMA editorial said the ad can cause confusion among patients. The commentaries highlight a common tension in DTC advertising — the makers of such ads say the medium's ability to facilitate a productive doctor-patient dialogue about a serious disease is valuable, while critics say that such discussion drives hype and misconceptions.  BMS developed the ad to inform families about a new treatment option and to encourage “patients to have an informed discussion with their physician about available treatment options,” spokesperson Danielle Halstrom said in a statement. See also: Opdivo bet backfires, creates opening for Merck to pursue DTC The op-ed in The New York Times, published last Tuesday, blasted the ad, saying that the drug's “velvet-voice narrator” and “actors portraying lung cancer patients playing with babies and watching Little League games” would be uplifting “if it weren't so utterly misleading and exploitative.” Matt Jablow, the author, lost his wife to stage 4 lung cancer. Opdivo was one of the drugs she took in her treatment regimen. He wrote that the promise of immuno-oncology drugs is an exciting development but the drugs' effectiveness is “far from guaranteed, particularly in patients with late-stage forms of the disease.”  Dr. Lowell Schnipper, an oncologist at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston, writing in JAMA Oncology, also last week, argued that the ad does not facilitate a productive conversation. “It is difficult to conceive that a medical oncologist would fail to discuss the potential use of [Opdivo] or another immunomodulatory agent for second-line therapy of squamous non-small cell lung cancer,” he wrote.  BMS spent $37 million on Opdivo ads in the first quarter of 2016 and a total of $125 million advertising the drug in 2015, according to Kantar Media. The drugmaker has spent significantly more money marketing Opdivo than Merck has for Keytruda — a competing immuno-oncology therapy. Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles I'll take DTC for $10 million, Alex Opdivo bet backfires, creates opening for Merck to pursue DTC AMA votes to further study DTC advertising Bristol-Myers Squibb plans to spend more on DTC for Opdivo Pfizer adopts 6-month DTC moratorium for new drugs, will seek FDA feedback before airing ads Related Topics Campaigns DTC Immuno-oncology Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Campaigns One year on: Inside Bayer's effort to get prostate cancer patients to speak up MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Physicians still rely on medical journals but turn to the web when they have only 10 minutes Five things for pharma marketers to know: Thursday, November 17, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 21, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program The Science and Psychology behind Patient Engagement U.S. marketers spend slightly less on digital engagement with docs than China Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Two new therapies made by Sanofi and Novo Nordisk to compete in crowded diabetes market Paying Lip Service to STEM Isn't Enough The doctor-patient dialogue: As productive as it's ever been or broken? Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Corporate Pricing Clinical Trial Commercial FDA Election Physicians Pharma Affordable Care Act More in Campaigns Centron's Letty Albarran talks ads that get personal Here are six campaigns that connect with the patient on a personal level. Drugmakers, facing pricing criticism, sell cures in new ... With lawmakers, patients, and physicians crying foul over pricing, drugmakers are trying to shift the narrative — with mixed results. Can a new focus on storytelling help? Marvel creates superheroes suffering from bowel disease for ... Takeda launched four new superheroes whose lives have been touched by inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), with the help of PR agency Ketchum. Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Europe Hosts Industry-Best Pharma Market Research Conference Leaders meet in Berlin 20-21 October to discuss innovations, new insights   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Pharma * Market Research * Biotech By Industry: * MedicalBERLIN, Germany - Aug. 15, 2016 - PRLog -- The outstanding program agenda for the 2016 European Pharma Market Research Conference (EPMRC) is already generating plenty of buzz from industry experts who are excited to attend this prestigious conference on 20-21 October at the Westin Grand Berlin Hotel in Berlin, Germany. Visit http://pharmamarketresearchconference.com/ to review the agenda, event details, speakers and registration options Known as the "can't-miss" event for pharmaceutical professionals, many people are eager to take advantage of the "early bird" discounts, which will end on 2 September, 2016. Register now at http://pharmamarketresearchconference.com/ to secure the low rate before the price increases on 3 September, 2016. This year's agenda is the result of working with industry leaders to design a program that speaks to the industry today but also addresses the opportunities and challenges for the future. This collaboration has led to an agenda comprising case studies and best practices across multiple disciplines in market research. Keynotes scheduled for the two-day event will focus on predicting the future, successfully preparing for change and embracing innovation. Dedicated track discussions will deal with awareness, insight and establishing new market intelligence. To see more of the agenda or to register, go to: http://pharmamarketresearchconference.com/ International pharma companies participating include: A+A, Actelion Pharmaceuticals, AgNovos Healthcare GmbH, Boehringer Ingelheim, Cello Health Insight, Elanco, Evaluate, eye square GmbH, Fast Forward, Free University of Berlin, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Lifescience Dynamics, Linde AG, M Health, Merz Pharmaceuticals, Merck MSD, Pfizer, Research Partnership, Seacross Pharmaceuticals, Shire, SKIM, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Verilogue, Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma and many more! The Pharma Market Research Conference is the premier gathering of senior-level pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, and diagnostics executives in market research. Nowhere else will you find the industry's finest all under one roof. For more information, go to: http://pharmamarketresearchconference.com/, email info@pharmamarketresearchconference.com, or call +1-212-228-7974. End Source : Pharma Market Research Conference Email : ***@pharmamarketresearchconference.com Listed Under- Tags : Pharma, Market Research, Biotech Industry : Medical Location : Berlin - Berlin - Germany A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Pharma CI Conference PRs Pharma Market Research Conference Embraces Innovation, Integration Groundbreaking Agenda Set for Pharma CI Europe Conference & Exhibition European Pharma Market Research Conference 2016: More Innovation, More Companies, More Connections Berlin Set to Host Best Pharma Market Research Conference One Week Away! The 2016 Pharma CI Conference & Exhibition Trending News Flex Class Holdings Inc. Is Testing Waters : Equity Crowdfunding On Charts Canines-N-Kids Foundation's #Giving Tuesday Features Matching Donations from Petco Foundation Jonny Zywiciel Will Be Featured On The Working in the Music Industry Podcast Qualbe Marketing Group Receives Two Awards, Recognized as a Best Place to Work in Dallas/Fort Wort Top Loan Originator Selected to Join NAHREP's North Texas Chapter Board of Directors Top Daily News CENTURY 21 Veterans Makes management Staff Appointment - 485 views N.Y. Patients, Providers, Lawmakers To Governor Cuomo:Take Final "Step" To Protect Patient Health - 379 views VR aviation company FlyInside Inc. releases FlyInside XP: virtual reality support for X-Plane 10 - 263 views AKC Christmas Light Up Dog Sweaters Available on Groupon for Black Friday! - 245 views The 2016 Z-Man ElaZtech Exclusive - 211 views Top Weekly News Saint Mary's School names Brendan J. O'Shea 14th Head of Saint Mary's School - 1755 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 1359 views Sean Stapleton named as new CEO of DealerTeamwork - 909 views Katie Donovan joins DealerTeamwork Executive Team as CCO - 752 views FanDraught Sports Brewery Receives Crowdfunding Green Light from State of Colorado - 721 views PTC News First Bancorp Of Indiana, Inc. Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend - 572 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 309 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 292 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 225 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 206 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events What’s Hot in Healthtech → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → As Pfizer Buys, Closes Bind Therapeutics, CEO Hirsch Heads to Agios Ben Fidler August 16th, 2016 @benthefidler @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Boston —  The ink is barely dry on Pfizer’s agreement to buy Bind Therapeutics out of bankruptcy and shut it down, but the employee exodus has begun. Andrew Hirsch, who was Cambridge, MA-based Bind’s (NASDAQ: BIND) chief financial officer before taking over for Scott Minick as CEO in 2015, has been named the CFO of another Boston-area biotech, Agios Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: AGIO). Hirsch was Bind’s CFO from 2012 to 2014 and had stints at Avila Therapeutics (acquired by Celgene) and Biogen before that. He comes to Agios, however, after a bad run at Bind that culminated with a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing and a $40 million sale at an auction to Pfizer. As Xconomy reported in late July, Pfizer’s plans were to bring Bind’s assets in-house and close down the company. Bind was forced into bankruptcy in May after lender Hercules Technology accelerated a payment due on a loan offered to the company. Bind, a nanotechnology startup that emerged from the labs of MIT’s Robert Langer and Harvard Medical School’s Omid Farokhzad, went public at $15 per share in 2013. But despite partnerships with companies like Amgen, Pfizer, Merck, and AstraZeneca, the company was never able to grow its stock price. Its lead drug, BIND-014, also disappointed in clinical trials. Ben Fidler is Xconomy's Deputy Biotechnology Editor. You can e-mail him at bfidler@xconomy.com Follow @benthefidler Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME With $40M Bid, Pfizer Set to Buy, And Close, Bankrupt Bind Tx Pfizer Might Buy Bind Therapeutics From Bankruptcy for $20M Pressured by a Lender, Bind Files for Bankruptcy Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable What’s Hot in Boston Healthtech: The Photos Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 X Xconomy’s EXOME Presents: State of the Biotech Union National health initiatives, the intersection of Big Data and healthcare, the looming presence of genetic modification, and our national response to infectious disease December 6, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers Can mHealth accelerate completion in clinical trials? Industry will either choose to go digital or be forced to. KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
