Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $13,667,000 in InterXion Holding N.V. (INXN) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $14,245,000 Position in Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Owens Corning Inc (OC) Position Increased by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Position Increased by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Decreases Stake in Eversource Energy (ES) Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $925,000 Stake in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Raised by Moors & Cabot Inc. Capital World Investors Continues to Hold Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Jefferies Group Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Merck & Co. (MRK) January 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) – Investment analysts at Jefferies Group upped their FY2018 EPS estimates for Merck & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst J. Holford now forecasts that the brokerage will earn $3.89 per share for the year, up from their previous forecast of $3.88. Jefferies Group currently has a “Underperform” rating and a $48.00 price objective on the stock. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.17 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. Merck & Co.’s revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.96 earnings per share. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Jefferies Group Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Merck & Co. (MRK)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/19/jefferies-group-analysts-increase-earnings-estimates-for-merck-co-mrk.html. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $52.95 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Bank of America Corp. raised Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from $57.00 to $70.00 in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research cut Merck & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, November 10th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Leerink Swann reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $65.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $66.34. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 1.37% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $60.33. The company had a trading volume of 11,284,985 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $166.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.81 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Co. has a 12-month low of $47.97 and a 12-month high of $65.46. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $60.69 and a 200-day moving average price of $61.30. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a $0.47 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.12%. This is a positive change from Merck & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. In other news, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 9,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $566,621.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total value of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,762 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,667,275.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 245,523 shares of company stock valued at $15,418,490 in the last three months. Corporate insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Jefferies Group Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Merck & Co. (MRK)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/19/jefferies-group-analysts-increase-earnings-estimates-for-merck-co-mrk.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of MRK. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in Merck & Co. by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares during the period. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new stake in Merck & Co. during the third quarter worth approximately $495,969,000. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in Merck & Co. by 24.1% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 22,992,642 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,324,996,000 after buying an additional 4,468,488 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new stake in Merck & Co. during the second quarter worth approximately $250,542,000. Finally, Boston Partners raised its stake in Merck & Co. by 23.8% in the second quarter. Boston Partners now owns 19,034,299 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,096,566,000 after buying an additional 3,655,639 shares during the last quarter. 72.40% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck CEO sees Keytruda in pole position in cancer race By Reuters Published: 16:14 EST, 19 January 2017 | Updated: 16:14 EST, 19 January 2017 e-mail By Ben Hirschler DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 19 (Reuters) - Merck & Co's Keytruda cancer drug, which last week won a speedy review from U.S. regulators for use with chemotherapy in lung cancer, is in an increasingly strong position in a fiercely competitive market, the company's CEO said on Thursday. Chief Executive Ken Frazier said that Keytruda in combination therapy could also be cheaper than some rival approaches -- an increasingly important consideration in an era of heightened controversy about high drug prices. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is due to decide by May 10 whether to approve a combination of the immune system-boosting drug with chemotherapy as an initial therapy for advanced lung cancer, the largest cancer market. The rapid FDA review means that the U.S. drugmaker could leapfrog rivals in the race for combination treatments. "It's always best to be first," Frazier told Reuters on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Davos. Keytruda's progress came as a surprise to many investors. Although Merck presented good results from a small trial in October, it had been widely thought that data from a larger Phase III combination study would also be needed. Frazier said that the early filing reflected the fact that the treatment effect was "pretty remarkable". Many experts previously assumed that combinations of two expensive immuno-oncology (I-O) drugs from AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers Squibb would be approved before chemotherapy ones for fighting lung cancer. "That doctors can do it at a price point that is lower than a combination of two I-O agents is a benefit to the healthcare system," Frazier said. "I'm quite sure that in Europe, where health ministers are extremely cost-conscious, the fact this combination appears to be economically advantageous will not escape their attention." With President-elect Donald Trump last week saying that drugmakers are "getting away with murder" on prices, Frazier acknowledged that pricing would remain a challenge for the industry. Some companies have pledged to limit annual increases to less than 10 percent but Frazier said this is not applicable to Merck. "Since we never did those kinds of double-digit price increases, I don't feel compelled to follow suit," he said. (Editing by David Goodman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Johnson & Johnson Beat Every Other Big Pharma Stock in 2016 AbbVie and Merck might have had better earnings growth, but Johnson & Johnson took the prize as best big pharma stock of 2016. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 19, 2017 at 9:03AM Which big pharma stock performed best of all in 2016? None other than one of the oldest of them all -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). The company's shares gained nearly 15% last year, enough to beat out the other top 25 largest drugmakers. Here's how Johnson & Johnson did it.  Image source: Getty Images A tough year for most -- but not all Probably the most important reason Johnson & Johnson outgained other big pharma stocks is that 2016 was a rotten year for most of them. Worries about the outcome of the U.S. elections threw a wet blanket on many pharmaceutical stocks. Pipeline disappointments hurt some also. A few big pharma stocks did well last year, though. Merck (NYSE:MRK) came in just behind J&J with stock gains of 12%. Cancer drug Keytruda primarily fueled Merck's solid results. While the drug chalked up sales of $919 million in the first three quarters of 2016, the long-term prospects for Keytruda really excited investors. AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) took the No. 3 spot among big pharma stocks, with its share price increasing nearly 9% last year. The key driver for AbbVie continued to be impressive growth for blockbuster autoimmune disease drug Humira. However, AbbVie also benefited from a newer drug which just happens to be one in which the company partners with J&J -- Imbruvica. In the first three quarters of last year, Abbvie's portion of Imbruvica revenue more than tripled year over year to $1.3 billion. Not a numbers game Here's the funny thing about Johnson & Johnson emerging as the best big pharma stock of 2016: The company's growth wasn't all that great. In fact, both Merck and AbbVie outperformed J&J in terms of revenue growth and earnings growth in the first nine months of last year. Data source: 10-Q filings. Chart by author. Johnson & Johnson's results were weighed down by weak performance from its consumer and medical devices segments. Consumer sales actually declined slightly in the first nine months of 2016 compared with the prior-year period, while medical devices revenue increased by only 1.1% during the period. The company's pharmaceuticals segment produced much better sales growth. However, even if we only looked at that stronger business unit, J&J's growth still trailed both AbbVie and Merck. J&J made less revenue from its fastest-growing product, up-and-coming cancer drug Imbruvica, than AbbVie did. So why did Johnson & Johnson's stock outperform other big pharma stocks? J&J's attraction I have written before that if you're looking for a growth stock, there are better opportunities than Johnson & Johnson. If you're looking for a dividend stock, there are better opportunities than J&J. The same is true if you're looking for a value stock. On the other hand, for investors seeking a mix of all three components Johnson & Johnson is arguably one of the best stocks around. My theory is that investors in 2016 were attracted to the unique offering that J&J provided. Election years can sometimes be chaotic. Last year certainly proved to fit that bill. Stability can be quite attractive during turbulent times. Few stocks provide the stability that Johnson & Johnson does, with 130 years of operation, 32 years in a row of adjusted earnings increases, and 54 consecutive years of dividend increases. Also, the company's broad scope of operations was likely a plus. While J&J's consumer and medical devices segments weren't growing sales much (if at all), the business units continued to generate plenty of profits and cash flow. In addition, having these other segments insulated the company to some degree from worries impacting other pharmaceutical companies about potential push-back on drug price increases. Repeat performance? Will Johnson & Johnson again emerge as the top big pharma stock this year? It's possible, but I wouldn't count on it.  Merck should begin to experience the success from Keytruda even more this year than in 2016. AbbVie still has huge winners with Humira and Imbruvica and could also get some good news for its pipeline in 2017. J&J also carries a higher valuation based on forward earnings than both of these companies. However, Johnson & Johnson could still provide nice gains for shareholders in 2017 and beyond. Wall Street projects the company's average annual earnings growth over the next few years will be just under 7%. That's not exactly awe-inspiring, but it's in line with J&J's earnings growth over the last five years. J&J's stock price increased 65% during that period.  Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 19, 2017 at 9:03AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $113.38 up $1.54 (1.38%) AbbVie NYSE:ABBV $60.00 down $-1.27 (-2.07%) Read More How Will Johnson & Johnson Fare Under President Trump? Johnson & Johnson Stock Split: Coming in 2017? Does Johnson & Johnson Pass the Buffett Test? Johnson & Johnson's Foolishness Is on Full Display Johnson & Johnson's 4 Biggest Catalysts in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Johnson & Johnson Beat Every Other Big Pharma Stock in 2016 @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $JNJ, $ABBV
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Johnson & Johnson Beat Every Other Big Pharma Stock in 2016 AbbVie and Merck might have had better earnings growth, but Johnson & Johnson took the prize as best big pharma stock of 2016. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 19, 2017 at 9:03AM Which big pharma stock performed best of all in 2016? None other than one of the oldest of them all -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). The company's shares gained nearly 15% last year, enough to beat out the other top 25 largest drugmakers. Here's how Johnson & Johnson did it.  Image source: Getty Images A tough year for most -- but not all Probably the most important reason Johnson & Johnson outgained other big pharma stocks is that 2016 was a rotten year for most of them. Worries about the outcome of the U.S. elections threw a wet blanket on many pharmaceutical stocks. Pipeline disappointments hurt some also. A few big pharma stocks did well last year, though. Merck (NYSE:MRK) came in just behind J&J with stock gains of 12%. Cancer drug Keytruda primarily fueled Merck's solid results. While the drug chalked up sales of $919 million in the first three quarters of 2016, the long-term prospects for Keytruda really excited investors. AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) took the No. 3 spot among big pharma stocks, with its share price increasing nearly 9% last year. The key driver for AbbVie continued to be impressive growth for blockbuster autoimmune disease drug Humira. However, AbbVie also benefited from a newer drug which just happens to be one in which the company partners with J&J -- Imbruvica. In the first three quarters of last year, Abbvie's portion of Imbruvica revenue more than tripled year over year to $1.3 billion. Not a numbers game Here's the funny thing about Johnson & Johnson emerging as the best big pharma stock of 2016: The company's growth wasn't all that great. In fact, both Merck and AbbVie outperformed J&J in terms of revenue growth and earnings growth in the first nine months of last year. Data source: 10-Q filings. Chart by author. Johnson & Johnson's results were weighed down by weak performance from its consumer and medical devices segments. Consumer sales actually declined slightly in the first nine months of 2016 compared with the prior-year period, while medical devices revenue increased by only 1.1% during the period. The company's pharmaceuticals segment produced much better sales growth. However, even if we only looked at that stronger business unit, J&J's growth still trailed both AbbVie and Merck. J&J made less revenue from its fastest-growing product, up-and-coming cancer drug Imbruvica, than AbbVie did. So why did Johnson & Johnson's stock outperform other big pharma stocks? J&J's attraction I have written before that if you're looking for a growth stock, there are better opportunities than Johnson & Johnson. If you're looking for a dividend stock, there are better opportunities than J&J. The same is true if you're looking for a value stock. On the other hand, for investors seeking a mix of all three components Johnson & Johnson is arguably one of the best stocks around. My theory is that investors in 2016 were attracted to the unique offering that J&J provided. Election years can sometimes be chaotic. Last year certainly proved to fit that bill. Stability can be quite attractive during turbulent times. Few stocks provide the stability that Johnson & Johnson does, with 130 years of operation, 32 years in a row of adjusted earnings increases, and 54 consecutive years of dividend increases. Also, the company's broad scope of operations was likely a plus. While J&J's consumer and medical devices segments weren't growing sales much (if at all), the business units continued to generate plenty of profits and cash flow. In addition, having these other segments insulated the company to some degree from worries impacting other pharmaceutical companies about potential push-back on drug price increases. Repeat performance? Will Johnson & Johnson again emerge as the top big pharma stock this year? It's possible, but I wouldn't count on it.  Merck should begin to experience the success from Keytruda even more this year than in 2016. AbbVie still has huge winners with Humira and Imbruvica and could also get some good news for its pipeline in 2017. J&J also carries a higher valuation based on forward earnings than both of these companies. However, Johnson & Johnson could still provide nice gains for shareholders in 2017 and beyond. Wall Street projects the company's average annual earnings growth over the next few years will be just under 7%. That's not exactly awe-inspiring, but it's in line with J&J's earnings growth over the last five years. J&J's stock price increased 65% during that period.  Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 19, 2017 at 9:03AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $113.38 up $1.54 (1.38%) AbbVie NYSE:ABBV $60.00 down $-1.27 (-2.07%) Read More How Will Johnson & Johnson Fare Under President Trump? Johnson & Johnson Stock Split: Coming in 2017? Does Johnson & Johnson Pass the Buffett Test? Johnson & Johnson's Foolishness Is on Full Display Johnson & Johnson's 4 Biggest Catalysts in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Johnson & Johnson Beat Every Other Big Pharma Stock in 2016 @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $JNJ, $ABBV
Home Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Sectors Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Regions Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Events Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Jobs Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Directory Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Search Merck introduce new screening service for genotoxic substances 19-Jan-2017 North America | Research The CAN MultiFlow screening services provide more accurate predictions of genotoxicity in pharmaceuticals German science and technology company Merck has introduced screening services to more accurately predict genotoxic properties of substances, ingredients and drug compounds. It can also predict mode of action properties - functional or anatomical changes that occur at the cellular level as a result of exposure to a toxic substance. Merck will be the first company to provide this service in the United States. Screening is offered at the company's BioReliance testing facilities. The screening process uses flow cytometry to quickly and efficiently screen for clastogens, aneugens and non-genotoxicants (CAN) in pharmaceutical compounds, agricultural chemicals, flavours, fragrances and consumer products. The results from the assay can help manufacturers reject harmful substances during product development or reduce undesirable properties at an early stage. Assessing toxicology is one of the most important steps in the development of chemicals, ingredients and drugs for use in pharmaceuticals, agriculture or consumer goods, said Andrew Bulpin, Head of Process Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation, Life Science. This highly efficient and accurate service will allow for faster evaluation of compounds for potential hazards, making drugs, cosmetics, flavors, fragrances and other chemicals safer for consumers in the long run. Unlike other screening tests, the CAN MultiFlow analyses multiple biomarkers associated with DNA damage in a single high-throughput assay. These biomarkers include p53, hH2AX and Phospho-Histone H3. This model provides more accurate predictions of genotoxicity to help avoid false positives, or other misinformation that may exclude an otherwise safe compound from a development pipeline. With the addition of this new service, Merck now offers the industrys most current and comprehensive range of solutions for genotoxicity assessment, from discovery to lead optimization, and from regulatory assessment to lead rescue. Companies Merck Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles PhRMA member companies invested US$58.8bn in R&D in 2015 Patheon expands stability testing capabilities Charles River Laboratories to buy research services division of Galapagos for up to 134m Epistem opens US laboratory in Baltimore Parexel and Korea Drug Development Fund collaborate Particle Sciences expands cGMP capabilities Vyteris to be transformed into a contract research organisation Nitto Denko takes over Avecia Biotechnology PPD invests US$25m in drug discovery jv with Taijitu OctoPlus signs controlled release technology deal with US firm Related Press Releases Merck collaborates with Evotec for faster target identification solution Global research network hunts the missing link between genetics and environmental factors to unlock the secrets of global diseases New platforms enhance discovery biology offerings at AMRI Are you ready to outsource injectables? Related Jobs Laurus Synthesis makes two appointments in Woburn, MA, US Ricerca appoints new technical director Quintiles appoints global head of Phase I division Ricerca Biosciences appoints drug safety director About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release MSD for Mothers Commits $10 Million and Business Expertise to the Global Financing Facility to Help End Preventable Deaths of Mothers By Published: Jan 19, 2017 1:30 a.m. ET Share Represents a Critical Step toward Meeting the Sustainable Development Goals for Women, Children and Adolescent Health DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 19, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- MSD, known as Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., inside the United States and Canada, announced today its $10 million commitment to the Global Financing Facility (GFF) in support of Every Woman Every Child to improve maternal and child health in low- and lower-middle-income countries worldwide through its MSD for Mothers initiative. Through the GFF – a multi-stakeholder partnership hosted by the World Bank Group – countries are aiming to make a much greater impact on the lives of their most vulnerable citizens, with the goal of preventing an estimated 3.8 million maternal deaths, 101 million child deaths and 21 million stillbirths by 2030. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170118006414/en/ “Women are the cornerstone of a healthy and prosperous world. When a woman survives pregnancy and childbirth, her family, community and nation thrive,” said Kenneth C. Frazier, chairman and chief executive officer, MSD. “Our partnership with the GFF demonstrates how the private sector can play a unique role in helping to improve maternal and child health worldwide. We look forward to contributing our resources and expertise to the GFF and its partner organizations to work toward the common goal of ending preventable maternal and child deaths.” The contribution to the GFF Trust Fund – the first from the private sector – will be used for innovative financing and public-private partnerships to scale up high-impact interventions to help women and children to survive and thrive through critical periods of life: birth, the early years and adolescence. MSD’s commitment advances the mission of MSD for Mothers, the company’s 10-year, $500 million global initiative to end the tragedy of women dying from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. In addition to financial support, MSD will provide business expertise to strengthen this multi-stakeholder partnership. GFF partners include, in addition to the GFF implementing countries, the World Bank Group; the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; Gavi; the Vaccine Alliance; the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria; the United Nations; and the governments of Canada, Norway, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. “Private sector partners, like MSD through its MSD for Mothers initiative, are leading the way by supporting the GFF,” said Mariam Claeson, director of the GFF. “With the private sector and with all GFF partners, countries are building healthier futures for women, children and adolescents – and donors are getting even greater results for their money.” A total of 62 low- and lower-middle-income countries with high levels of maternal and child mortality are eligible to receive grants from the GFF Trust Fund; the GFF is currently active in 16 countries around the world. In each GFF country, partners are aligning their funding to support one country-driven investment case and strategy that will strengthen the health system by focusing on high-impact, fiscally efficient solutions. With the financial assistance and technical expertise of corporations like MSD, GFF countries will develop innovative financing mechanisms to mobilize private sector capital, facilitating partnerships between global companies and countries and leveraging private sector capabilities to deliver better health results. “You can't have healthy children without healthy mothers, and the future of every country depends on having both,” World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said. “We need the support of all partners if we're going to achieve our goal of universal access to healthcare for every woman and every child. We're grateful for this financial contribution by MSD for Mothers, the first the Global Financing Facility has received from the private sector.” About the Global Financing Facility The Global Financing Facility (GFF) is a multi-stakeholder partnership that supports country-led efforts to improve the health of women, children and adolescents. With the GFF, countries are making smarter, more prioritized, results-focused investments toward greater impact on the health, nutrition and well-being of women, children and adolescents; building capacity for more sustainable funding for this agenda; and exploring more innovative ways to work with the private sector by scaling up the best investments in their people more efficiently. Learn more at www.globalfinancingfacility.org and @theGFF. About MSD for Mothers MSD for Mothers is a 10-year, $500 million initiative to create a world where no woman dies from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. Drawing on MSD’s history of discovering innovative, life-saving medicines and vaccines, MSD for Mothers is applying the company’s scientific and business expertise – as well as its financial and human resources – to reduce maternal mortality around the world. Learn more at www.msdformothers.com and @MSDforMothers. About MSD For over a century, MSD has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. MSD is a tradename of Merck & Co., Inc., with headquarters in Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.msd.com and connect with us on Twitter. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co. Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170118006414/en/ SOURCE: MSD"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Merck Media: MSD for Mothers Lainie Keller, 908-236-5036 or Global Financing Facility Cheryl Toksoz, 202-473-1103 or Investors: MSD Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
MSD for Mothers Commits $10 Million and Business Expertise to the Global Financing Facility to Help End Preventable Deaths of Mothers Represents a Critical Step toward Meeting the Sustainable Development Goals for Women, Children and Adolescent Health Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail January 19, 2017 01:30 AM Eastern Standard Time DAVOS, Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MSD, known as Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., inside the United States and Canada, announced today its $10 million commitment to the Global Financing Facility (GFF) in support of Every Woman Every Child to improve maternal and child health in low- and lower-middle-income countries worldwide through its MSD for Mothers initiative. Through the GFF – a multi-stakeholder partnership hosted by the World Bank Group – countries are aiming to make a much greater impact on the lives of their most vulnerable citizens, with the goal of preventing an estimated 3.8 million maternal deaths, 101 million child deaths and 21 million stillbirths by 2030. “Women are the cornerstone of a healthy and prosperous world. When a woman survives pregnancy and childbirth, her family, community and nation thrive,” said Kenneth C. Frazier, chairman and chief executive officer, MSD. “Our partnership with the GFF demonstrates how the private sector can play a unique role in helping to improve maternal and child health worldwide. We look forward to contributing our resources and expertise to the GFF and its partner organizations to work toward the common goal of ending preventable maternal and child deaths.” The contribution to the GFF Trust Fund – the first from the private sector – will be used for innovative financing and public-private partnerships to scale up high-impact interventions to help women and children to survive and thrive through critical periods of life: birth, the early years and adolescence. MSD’s commitment advances the mission of MSD for Mothers, the company’s 10-year, $500 million global initiative to end the tragedy of women dying from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. In addition to financial support, MSD will provide business expertise to strengthen this multi-stakeholder partnership. GFF partners include, in addition to the GFF implementing countries, the World Bank Group; the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; Gavi; the Vaccine Alliance; the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria; the United Nations; and the governments of Canada, Norway, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. “Private sector partners, like MSD through its MSD for Mothers initiative, are leading the way by supporting the GFF,” said Mariam Claeson, director of the GFF. “With the private sector and with all GFF partners, countries are building healthier futures for women, children and adolescents – and donors are getting even greater results for their money.” A total of 62 low- and lower-middle-income countries with high levels of maternal and child mortality are eligible to receive grants from the GFF Trust Fund; the GFF is currently active in 16 countries around the world. In each GFF country, partners are aligning their funding to support one country-driven investment case and strategy that will strengthen the health system by focusing on high-impact, fiscally efficient solutions. With the financial assistance and technical expertise of corporations like MSD, GFF countries will develop innovative financing mechanisms to mobilize private sector capital, facilitating partnerships between global companies and countries and leveraging private sector capabilities to deliver better health results. “You can't have healthy children without healthy mothers, and the future of every country depends on having both,” World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said. “We need the support of all partners if we're going to achieve our goal of universal access to healthcare for every woman and every child. We're grateful for this financial contribution by MSD for Mothers, the first the Global Financing Facility has received from the private sector.” About the Global Financing Facility The Global Financing Facility (GFF) is a multi-stakeholder partnership that supports country-led efforts to improve the health of women, children and adolescents. With the GFF, countries are making smarter, more prioritized, results-focused investments toward greater impact on the health, nutrition and well-being of women, children and adolescents; building capacity for more sustainable funding for this agenda; and exploring more innovative ways to work with the private sector by scaling up the best investments in their people more efficiently. Learn more at www.globalfinancingfacility.org and @theGFF. About MSD for Mothers MSD for Mothers is a 10-year, $500 million initiative to create a world where no woman dies from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. Drawing on MSD’s history of discovering innovative, life-saving medicines and vaccines, MSD for Mothers is applying the company’s scientific and business expertise – as well as its financial and human resources – to reduce maternal mortality around the world. Learn more at www.msdformothers.com and @MSDforMothers. About MSD For over a century, MSD has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. MSD is a tradename of Merck & Co., Inc., with headquarters in Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.msd.com and connect with us on Twitter. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co. Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Contacts Media: MSD for Mothers Lainie Keller, 908-236-5036 or Global Financing Facility Cheryl Toksoz, 202-473-1103 or Investors: MSD Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Release Summary MSD for Mothers Commits $10 Million and Business Expertise to the Global Financing Facility to Help End Preventable Deaths of Mothers #Hashtags #MRK #Merck $Cashtags $MRK Contacts Media: MSD for Mothers Lainie Keller, 908-236-5036 or Global Financing Facility Cheryl Toksoz, 202-473-1103 or Investors: MSD Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
DAX ®11.814,27-0,29%TecDAX ®1.857,58-0,11%Dow Jones20.093,78-0,04%NASDAQ 1005.168,06+0,22% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Ausbildung zum erfolgreichen Börsenhändler. Jetzt kostenlos! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Exklusiv: finanztreff.de Kunden erhalten 3 Monate Goldkonditionen Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt BUSINESS WIRE: MSD for Mothers Commits $10 Million and Business Expertise to the Global Financing Facility to Help End Preventable Deaths of Mothers 19.01.2017 - 07:30 | Quelle: Business_Wire MITTEILUNG UEBERMITTELT VON BUSINESS WIRE. FUER DEN INHALT IST ALLEIN DAS BERICHTENDE UNTERNEHMEN VERANTWORTLICH. Represents a Critical Step toward Meeting the Sustainable Development Goals for Women, Children and Adolescent Health DAVOS, Switzerland --(BUSINESS WIRE)-- 19.01.2017 -- MSD, known as Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., inside the United States and Canada, announced today its $10 million commitment to the Global Financing Facility (GFF) in support of Every Woman Every Child to improve maternal and child health in low- and lower-middle-income countries worldwide through its MSD for Mothers initiative. Through the GFF – a multi-stakeholder partnership hosted by the World Bank Group – countries are aiming to make a much greater impact on the lives of their most vulnerable citizens, with the goal of preventing an estimated 3.8 million maternal deaths, 101 million child deaths and 21 million stillbirths by 2030. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170118006414/en/ “Women are the cornerstone of a healthy and prosperous world. When a woman survives pregnancy and childbirth, her family, community and nation thrive,” said Kenneth C. Frazier, chairman and chief executive officer, MSD. “Our partnership with the GFF demonstrates how the private sector can play a unique role in helping to improve maternal and child health worldwide. We look forward to contributing our resources and expertise to the GFF and its partner organizations to work toward the common goal of ending preventable maternal and child deaths.” The contribution to the GFF Trust Fund – the first from the private sector – will be used for innovative financing and public-private partnerships to scale up high-impact interventions to help women and children to survive and thrive through critical periods of life: birth, the early years and adolescence. MSD’s commitment advances the mission of MSD for Mothers, the company’s 10-year, $500 million global initiative to end the tragedy of women dying from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. In addition to financial support, MSD will provide business expertise to strengthen this multi-stakeholder partnership. GFF partners include, in addition to the GFF implementing countries, the World Bank Group; the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; Gavi; the Vaccine Alliance; the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria; the United Nations; and the governments of Canada, Norway, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. “Private sector partners, like MSD through its MSD for Mothers initiative, are leading the way by supporting the GFF,” said Mariam Claeson, director of the GFF. “With the private sector and with all GFF partners, countries are building healthier futures for women, children and adolescents – and donors are getting even greater results for their money.” A total of 62 low- and lower-middle-income countries with high levels of maternal and child mortality are eligible to receive grants from the GFF Trust Fund; the GFF is currently active in 16 countries around the world. In each GFF country, partners are aligning their funding to support one country-driven investment case and strategy that will strengthen the health system by focusing on high-impact, fiscally efficient solutions. With the financial assistance and technical expertise of corporations like MSD, GFF countries will develop innovative financing mechanisms to mobilize private sector capital, facilitating partnerships between global companies and countries and leveraging private sector capabilities to deliver better health results. “You can't have healthy children without healthy mothers, and the future of every country depends on having both,” World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said. “We need the support of all partners if we're going to achieve our goal of universal access to healthcare for every woman and every child. We're grateful for this financial contribution by MSD for Mothers, the first the Global Financing Facility has received from the private sector.” About the Global Financing Facility The Global Financing Facility (GFF) is a multi-stakeholder partnership that supports country-led efforts to improve the health of women, children and adolescents. With the GFF, countries are making smarter, more prioritized, results-focused investments toward greater impact on the health, nutrition and well-being of women, children and adolescents; building capacity for more sustainable funding for this agenda; and exploring more innovative ways to work with the private sector by scaling up the best investments in their people more efficiently. Learn more at www.globalfinancingfacility.org and @theGFF. About MSD for Mothers MSD for Mothers is a 10-year, $500 million initiative to create a world where no woman dies from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. Drawing on MSD’s history of discovering innovative, life-saving medicines and vaccines, MSD for Mothers is applying the company’s scientific and business expertise – as well as its financial and human resources – to reduce maternal mortality around the world. Learn more at www.msdformothers.com and @MSDforMothers. About MSD For over a century, MSD has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. MSD is a tradename of Merck & Co., Inc., with headquarters in Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.msd.com and connect with us on Twitter. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co. Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170118006414/en/ Media: MSD for Mothers Lainie Keller, 908-236-5036 or Global Financing Facility Cheryl Toksoz, 202-473-1103 or Investors: MSD Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 27.01. Dax holt nach jüngstem Kurssprung etwas Luft 27.01. Stahl bei Thyssenkrupp auf Prüfstand 26.01. NACHBÖRSE (22:00)/XDAX -0,1% auf 11.833 Pkt - Kurseinbruch bei Zeal 27.01. HSH Nordbank baut mehr als 1,6 Milliarden Euro Altlasten ab 27.01. Deutlich weniger Euro-Blüten im Umlauf weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Business_Wire Datum Meldung 27.01. BUSINESS WIRE: Il presidente di Scepter, Rayo Withanage, acquista l'ultima tenuta di Picasso 27.01. BUSINESS WIRE: TSYS nomina Philip McHugh presidente della divisione Soluzioni per commercianti 27.01. BUSINESS WIRE: HealthCare Royalty Partners annuncia un nuovo dirigente medico (CMO), promozioni a livello senior e ulteriore espansione regionale 27.01. BUSINESS WIRE: Lion Gem Luxembourg 3 Sarl PIK annuncia i risultati del quarto trimestre e dell'intero esercizio fiscale 2016 27.01. BUSINESS WIRE: Lion Gem Luxembourg 3 Sarl PIK gibt Ergebnisse für das vierte Quartal und das gesamte Geschäftsjahr 2016 bekannt Topthemen Datum Meldung 27.01. Dax holt nach jüngstem Kurssprung etwas Luft 27.01. Deutsche Wirtschaft zunehmend verunsichert über US-Kurs 27.01. Ermittlungen gegen Winterkorn auch wegen Betrugsverdachts 27.01. US-Wirtschaft verliert zum Jahresende 2016 an Tempo 27.01. Rückzahlung bei Heizkosten für viele Haushalte möglich weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 27.01. boerse.ARD.de Trump-Rally unterbrochen 27.01. Aktien- und Mischfonds weniger gefragt: Gemeinsam abwärts 27.01. boerse.ARD.de Die Anleger kommen ins Grübeln 27.01. Tool der Woche – Analystencheck: So sehen Experten den Dax 27.01. boerse.ARD.de Privatanleger flüchten aus Aktienfonds zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ronald Gehrt Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! |Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld |Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Airbus-Chef Tom Enders sieht das Fliegen ohne Piloten als nächsten großen Schritt in der Entwicklung der Luftfahrt. Was würden Sie davon halten? Viel, dann können die Piloten soviel streiken wie sie wollen. Gar nichts, in so ein Flugzeug würde ich nicht einsteigen. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
Samstag, 28. Januar | 02:56 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 7:30 | 19.01.2017 MSD for Mothers Commits $10 Million and Business Expertise to the Global Financing Facility to Help End Preventable Deaths of Mothers MSD, known as Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., inside the United States and Canada, announced today its $10 million commitment to the Global Financing Facility (GFF) in support of Every Woman Every Child to improve maternal and child health in low- and lower-middle-income countries worldwide through its MSD for Mothers initiative. Through the GFF – a multi-stakeholder partnership hosted by the World Bank Group – countries are aiming to make a much greater impact on the lives of their most vulnerable citizens, with the goal of preventing an estimated 3.8 million maternal deaths, 101 million child deaths and 21 million stillbirths by 2030. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170118006414/en/ “Women are the cornerstone of a healthy and prosperous world. When a woman survives pregnancy and childbirth, her family, community and nation thrive,” said Kenneth C. Frazier, chairman and chief executive officer, MSD. “Our partnership with the GFF demonstrates how the private sector can play a unique role in helping to improve maternal and child health worldwide. We look forward to contributing our resources and expertise to the GFF and its partner organizations to work toward the common goal of ending preventable maternal and child deaths.” The contribution to the GFF Trust Fund – the first from the private sector – will be used for innovative financing and public-private partnerships to scale up high-impact interventions to help women and children to survive and thrive through critical periods of life: birth, the early years and adolescence. MSD’s commitment advances the mission of MSD for Mothers, the company’s 10-year, $500 million global initiative to end the tragedy of women dying from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. In addition to financial support, MSD will provide business expertise to strengthen this multi-stakeholder partnership. GFF partners include, in addition to the GFF implementing countries, the World Bank Group; the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; Gavi; the Vaccine Alliance; the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria; the United Nations; and the governments of Canada, Norway, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. “Private sector partners, like MSD through its MSD for Mothers initiative, are leading the way by supporting the GFF,” said Mariam Claeson, director of the GFF. “With the private sector and with all GFF partners, countries are building healthier futures for women, children and adolescents – and donors are getting even greater results for their money.” A total of 62 low- and lower-middle-income countries with high levels of maternal and child mortality are eligible to receive grants from the GFF Trust Fund; the GFF is currently active in 16 countries around the world. In each GFF country, partners are aligning their funding to support one country-driven investment case and strategy that will strengthen the health system by focusing on high-impact, fiscally efficient solutions. With the financial assistance and technical expertise of corporations like MSD, GFF countries will develop innovative financing mechanisms to mobilize private sector capital, facilitating partnerships between global companies and countries and leveraging private sector capabilities to deliver better health results. “You can’t have healthy children without healthy mothers, and the future of every country depends on having both,” World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said. “We need the support of all partners if we’re going to achieve our goal of universal access to healthcare for every woman and every child. We’re grateful for this financial contribution by MSD for Mothers, the first the Global Financing Facility has received from the private sector.” About the Global Financing Facility The Global Financing Facility (GFF) is a multi-stakeholder partnership that supports country-led efforts to improve the health of women, children and adolescents. With the GFF, countries are making smarter, more prioritized, results-focused investments toward greater impact on the health, nutrition and well-being of women, children and adolescents; building capacity for more sustainable funding for this agenda; and exploring more innovative ways to work with the private sector by scaling up the best investments in their people more efficiently. Learn more at www.globalfinancingfacility.org and @theGFF. About MSD for MothersMSD for Mothers is a 10-year, $500 million initiative to create a world where no woman dies from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. Drawing on MSD’s history of discovering innovative, life-saving medicines and vaccines, MSD for Mothers is applying the company’s scientific and business expertise – as well as its financial and human resources – to reduce maternal mortality around the world. Learn more at www.msdformothers.com and @MSDforMothers. About MSD For over a century, MSD has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. MSD is a tradename of Merck & Co., Inc., with headquarters in Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.msd.com and connect with us on Twitter. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co. Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170118006414/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 22:50 Uhr | 27.01.2017 WDH/RATING: Fitch stuft Türkei ... 22:46 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Fitch stuft Türkei auf ... 22:31 Uhr | 27.01.2017 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Alphabet nach ... 22:30 Uhr | 27.01.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:19 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News El Paso Electric Company (EE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.31 Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (EBMT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 Hilltop Holdings Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 (HTH) Chevron Corporation (CVX) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Gentex Corporation (GNTX) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings NewLink Genetics Corporation (NLNK) Shares Bought by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Trading Up 5.1% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Trading Down 6.9% After Analyst Downgrade Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Sells 12,460 Shares of Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Raises Stake in Ball Corporation (BLL) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Boosts Position in Mosaic Company (The) (MOS) Perrigo Company (PRGO) Shares Sold by Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) to Hold AMP Capital Investors Ltd Decreases Stake in Silicon Motion Technology Corporation (SIMO) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 3,720 Shares of Cintas Corporation (CTAS) Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Position Decreased by Zacks Investment Management Zacks Investment Management Purchases Shares of 7,847 MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Zacks Investment Management Has $209,000 Position in Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) Zacks Investment Management Increases Stake in Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Zacks Investment Management Sells 2,276 Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Murphy Capital Management Inc. Cuts Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Murphy Capital Management Inc. decreased its stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 0.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 46,932 shares of the company’s stock after selling 229 shares during the period. Murphy Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $2,929,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in MRK. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Merck & Company by 24.1% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 22,992,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,324,996,000 after buying an additional 4,468,488 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Merck & Company during the second quarter valued at $250,542,000. Boston Partners increased its position in Merck & Company by 23.8% in the second quarter. Boston Partners now owns 19,034,299 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,096,566,000 after buying an additional 3,655,639 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.40% of the company’s stock. Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.464% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $61.195. 4,761,709 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $168.72 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.254 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $60.72 and its 200 day moving average price is $61.31. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. The business earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.96 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.06%. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 95.92%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/murphy-capital-management-inc-cuts-stake-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. MRK has been the topic of several research reports. Vetr upgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $52.95 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Bank of America Corporation upgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $57.00 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Jefferies Group downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Merck & Company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $66.34. In other Merck & Company news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $33,487,653.71. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 9,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Merck Foundation Grant Expands Project ECHO® in Vietnam and India Project Increases Access to Specialty Care for Complex, Chronic Conditions Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail January 18, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Merck Foundation (Foundation) and the Extension for Community Healthcare Outcomes (ECHO) Institute™ at the University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center announced today that the Foundation has provided a grant of $7 million over five years to support the expansion of Project ECHO® to improve access to specialty care for complex, chronic conditions, such as: hepatitis C, HIV, tuberculosis, and non-communicable diseases, including diabetes and mental health conditions, in underserved communities in India and Vietnam. Project ECHO® is a telementoring model that links expert specialists with primary care providers through virtual clinics (teleECHOTM clinics), where the specialists mentor and share their knowledge through case-based learning and guided practice, enabling primary care providers to develop the ability to treat patients with complex conditions within their own communities. Given the substantial need to improve health care and build health care providers’ capacity throughout India and Vietnam, this project has four central goals: Further develop ECHO superhubs in India to provide training and technical assistance for ECHO projects throughout Asia; Develop and expand ECHO hubs (specialty teams at academic medical centers or other care centers) across India and Vietnam in targeted communities; Work with hubs in India and Vietnam to develop and implement training programs for community health workers to further improve the quality and availability of treatment and care; and Document the impact of the ECHO model™ on improving access to specialty care for patients in rural and underserved areas in India and Vietnam. “At Merck, we value and support our partners who are experimenting with new health care models and technologies aimed at solving complex health problems,” said Dr. Julie L. Gerberding, chief patient officer, Merck and chief executive officer, Merck Foundation. “Project ECHO® will help to make a meaningful impact on patients living with chronic conditions in India and Vietnam by empowering local providers with the specialized medical knowledge they need.” “We are incredibly grateful for this generous donation from the Merck Foundation,” said Dr. Sanjeev Arora, creator and director of Project ECHO®. “Strengthening the skills and capabilities of primary care providers in rural or remote settings helps to ensure patients receive the right care at the right place and the right time.” As part of the initiative, a community health worker program will be developed to further expand access to appropriate care in rural communities. The community health workers will join the more than 3,000 doctors, nurses and community health workers currently enrolled in Project ECHO’s comprehensive disease management programs. To date, more than 110 partners have launched their own ECHO hubs for more than 55 diseases and conditions in more than 20 countries. About The Merck Foundation The Merck Foundation is a U.S.-based, private charitable foundation. Established in 1957 by Merck, a global health care leader, the Foundation is funded entirely by the company and is Merck’s chief source of funding support to qualified non-profit charitable organizations. Since its inception, the Merck Foundation has contributed more than $870 million to support important initiatives that address societal needs and are consistent with Merck’s overall mission to help the world be well. For more information, visit www.merckgiving.com. About the ECHO Institute The ECHO Institute, based at the University of New Mexico Health Science Center, is a groundbreaking approach to increasing access to specialty care that started in 2003, in New Mexico. ECHO is a lifelong learning and guided practice model that revolutionizes medical education and exponentially increases workforce capacity to provide best-practice specialty care and reduce health disparities. Learn more at echo.unm.edu and on Twitter @ProjectECHO. Contacts Merck Media Contacts: Claire Gillespie, 267-305-0932 Jeanine Clemente, 908-236-5059 or Project ECHO Media Contact: Andrea Bradford, 505-272-5513 Release Summary Merck Foundation Grant Expands Project ECHO® in Vietnam and India #Hashtags #Merck #MRK $Cashtags $MRK Contacts Merck Media Contacts: Claire Gillespie, 267-305-0932 Jeanine Clemente, 908-236-5059 or Project ECHO Media Contact: Andrea Bradford, 505-272-5513 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending PMEA 2016 results AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial AZ tweaks immuno-oncology trials as it chases lung cancer leaders Toughens targets for durvalumab in NSCLC monotherapy and combination study AstraZeneca (AZ) has set new targets in a pivotal trial of its immuno-oncology drugs durvalumab and tremelimumab in lung cancer that it hopes will give it an edge over its rivals. The UK drugmaker is setting tougher objectives in the MYSTIC trial - including adding overall survival as a primary endpoint along with progression-free survival (PFS) - as it strives to position the drug against Merck & Co's Keytruda (pembrolizumab) and other competitors in the cancer immunotherapy sector. MYSTIC is testing PD-L1 inhibitor durvalumab as a monotherapy and in combination with CTLA-4 inhibitor tremelimumab as a first-line therapy for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), comparing the two regimens with standard chemotherapy. The new protocol will investigate durvalumab monotherapy in patients with PD-L1-positive tumours, while the combination will be used in "all-comers", regardless of their PD-L1 status. Previously, AZ has said the combination is its main focus so the elevation of the monotherapy arm marks a change in direction for the firm, and according to analysts could be a move designed to make it easier for clinicians to include durvalumab in other combination regimens. AZ also announced it was starting a new phase III trial called PEARL that will pit durvalumab monotherapy against chemotherapy in Asia. The company said the move was based on "recent internal and external data, including durvalumab's strong efficacy in monotherapy presented at recent medical meetings, as well as significant opportunities in the competitive landscape". The tougher survival endpoints also pitch both arms of the study against PD-1 inhibitor Keytruda, which was approved for first-line NSCLC on the back of PFS data but included overall survival among the secondary endpoints of its pivotal KEYNOTE-024 trial. Since then, Merck has also filed for an FDA green light for Keytruda in combination with chemotherapy in this setting. Merck's longstanding rival Bristol-Myers Squibb failed to make headway in first-line NSCLC after its Opdivo (nivolumab) PD-1 inhibitor failed to show a benefit in a phase III trial reported last year. Meanwhile, third PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor entrant Roche's Tecentriq (atezolizumab) has been approved for second-line NSCLC and is in phase III trials ongoing as a first-line monotherapy as well as in combination with other drugs. AZ's chief medical officer Sean Bohen said the changes to the trial programme "are all designed to enhance our options in first-line NSCLC" for cancer immunotherapy combinations as well as monotherapy, adding that the first data should be available in mid-2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 18th January 2017 From: Research Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content BMS won't seek quick okay for Opdivo combo in lung cancer AZ drug discovery robot programed for cancer research AstraZeneca’s John Rex joins UK biotech F2G Deal Watch December 2016 FALCON trial of fulvestrant for advanced breast cancer Related Hub content FALCON trial of fulvestrant for advanced breast cancer Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Free Thinking: From promise to practice: immuno-oncology in action Immuno-oncology: The market opportunity for PD-1/PD-L1s PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Regional Managing Director/ ASIA CEO –Healthcare Advertising Age... Salary TBC Publications Manager – Med Comms Salary TBC Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Senior Director – Medical Education - Global Agency Salary TBC PRINCIPAL MEDICAL WRITER or ETL - OUTSTANDING OPPORTUNITY - MEDI... Salary TBC Editorial Projects Lead, Medical Communications, NW UK Excellent package Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Project Director – Med Comms – Surrey Salary TBC Medical Writer/ Copywriter, Medcomms to Brandcomms, London Competitive Salary SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Global CEO, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communications, East C... Substantial Package Account Executive / Senior Account Executive - Oxford - Medical ... Salary TBC Associate Medical Writer – Postdoc opportunity to enter Medical ... Competitive Scientific Lead - Med Comms Great salary and benefits Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Account Director – Med Comms – Oxford Salary TBC Senior Account Manager or Account Director, Healthcare PR/ Commu... c£45 -55, 000 Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Editorial Team ... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Real-world evidence Two new hepatitis C therapies fast-tracked in Europe UK pharma slams new drug evaluation plans J&J pondering future of diabetes device assets Novartis 'reviewing options' for Alcon division Fishawack undergoes management buyout 2017 Trends Reports Opdivo drives growth at BMS, but US sales slow down NICE U-turn on Imbruvica sees the leukaemia therapy backed for NHS use Celgene pays $300m upfront for immunology start-up Delinia The reality of real-world evidence AXON Communications boosts senior team PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Pulsar THE SCIENCE BEHIND CREATIVE RESULTS When science meets art there's chemistry. We simply add passion, positivity and a human warmth.... Latest intelligence 2017 Trends Reports GSW and InVentiv Health Communications are pleased to release the 6th installment of the Trends report series, consisting of four reports: Consumer, Digital, Communications and Healthcare... 10 tips on Transcreation We have put together a few pointers that you should consider for the process of transcreation.... Smart connections with a human touch Simon Young, Director at Blue Latitude Health, discusses how advances in technology are influencing the future of the expert-patient relationship and why healthcare businesses must evaluate how best to support... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Technical Reports on Drug Makers Stocks -- Pfizer, Merck, AbbVie, and Johnson & Johnson News provided by Chelmsford Park SA Jan 18, 2017, 07:10 ET Share this article NEW YORK, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Stock-Callers.com takes another look at the Drug Manufacturers space to see how current market conditions are influencing the performances of some major players in the industry. Under evaluation this morning are: Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE), Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK), AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV), and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ). These companies are engaged in the development and sale of medicines and vaccines for a wide range of medical uses. Most of them are structured as corporations, and offer slightly higher-than-average dividend yields. Download the free research reports on these stocks today: http://stock-callers.com/registration Pfizer   New York headquartered Pfizer Inc.'s shares saw a drop of 1.41%, finishing Tuesday's trading session at $32.06. A total volume of 32.10 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 26.81 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 0.06%. Moreover, shares of Pfizer, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells healthcare products worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 39.78. On January 05th, 2017, ICU Medical, Inc. announced that ICU Medical and Pfizer have modified the terms of the definitive agreement entered into on October 06th, 2016, under which ICU Medical will acquire the Hospira Infusion Systems (HIS) business from Pfizer. These modifications are a result of recent changes in performance of HIS that affect previously announced expectations for the transaction. Under the terms of the modified agreement, the aggregate purchase price will be adjusted to be no more than $900 million (versus $1 billion as originally agreed). See our free and comprehensive research report on PFE at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PFE Merck   On Tuesday, shares in Kenilworth, New Jersey headquartered Merck & Co. Inc. recorded a trading volume of 10.59 million shares, and ended the session 1.38% lower at $61.48. The stock has gained 4.43% since the start of this year. The Company's shares are trading 1.02% and 4.62% above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Merck & Co., which provides healthcare solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 53.12. On January 10th, 2017, Merck announced that the US FDA has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the Company's anti-PD-1 therapy, plus chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic or advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer regardless of PD-L1 expression and with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. This is the first application for regulatory approval of KEYTRUDA in combination with another treatment. The FDA granted Priority Review with a PDUFA, or target action, date of May 10th, 2017. The sBLA will be reviewed under the FDA's Accelerated Approval program. On January 13th, 2017, research firm Bryan Garnier initiated a 'Buy' rating on the Company's stock. MRK free research report PDF is just a click away at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=MRK AbbVie   Shares in North Chicago, Illinois-based AbbVie Inc. closed at $61.86, slightly down 0.21% from the last trading session. The stock recorded a trading volume of 8.44 million shares, which was higher than its three months average volume of 8.10 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 1.32% in the last one month and 3.85% over the previous three months. The stock is trading 1.80% above its 50-day moving average and 1.30% above its 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of AbbVie, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products worldwide, have an RSI of 49.01. On January 09th, 2017, AbbVie, life-sciences startup Genomics Medicine Ireland Limited, and WuXi NextCODE, the global contract genomics organization, announced the launch of a long-term strategic alliance to conduct population genomics research in Ireland aimed at advancing the discovery and development of novel therapeutic approaches to a range of serious diseases. The 15-year collaboration will focus on major chronic diseases within oncology, neuroscience and immunology that affect hundreds of thousands of people in Ireland and hundreds of millions worldwide. Financial terms were not disclosed. Sign up for your complimentary report on ABBV at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ABBV Johnson & Johnson   At the closing bell yesterday, shares in New Brunswick, New Jersey-based Johnson & Johnson ended 0.24% higher at $114.87 with a total trading volume of 6.26 million shares. The stock is trading above its 50-day moving average by 0.04%. Shares of the Company, which together with its subsidiaries, researches and develops, manufactures, and sells various products in the health care field worldwide, have an RSI of 46.33. On January 03rd, 2017, Johnson & Johnson announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend for Q1 2017 of $0.80 per share on its common stock. The dividend is payable on March 14th, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 28th, 2017. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the latest research report on JNJ at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JNJ -- Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44 330 808 3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Jan 18, 2017, 07:15 ET Preview: Business Services Stocks Under Scanner -- IHS Markit, S&P Global, R.R. Donnelley, and Global Payments Jan 18, 2017, 07:05 ET Preview: Research Reports on REIT Equities -- Cousins Properties, Gramercy Property Trust, American Tower, and Starwood Property Trust My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08:10 ETResearch Reports Coverage on Tech Stocks -- Momo, Interxion,... 08:05 ETResearch Reports Initiation on REIT Stocks -- Apple Hospitality... Explore More news releases in similar topics Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Investments Opinions You just read: Technical Reports on Drug Makers Stocks -- Pfizer, Merck, AbbVie, and Johnson & Johnson News provided by Chelmsford Park SA Jan 18, 2017, 07:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 28, 2017 10:47 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Wednesday January 18, 2017 08:13 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Apple’s Siri faces fierce battle with Amazon’s Alexa The Edit: Michelle Williams teams up with Jonah Hill for ‘Mid-90s’ Malala says ‘heartbroken’ over Trump’s plan for refugees Trump doubles down feud, says Mexico ‘has taken advantage’ of US Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to a project to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. — Reuters picDAVOS, Jan 18 — Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said today they would invest an initial US$50 million (RM222.2 million) over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 per cent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organisation. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world’s largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. “It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can’t administer modern cancer medicines if you don’t have sophisticated lab facilities,” he told Reuters. “We’re going to institutionalise cooperation in this area.” Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the US$50 million commitment — a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around US$1 trillion a year — was just a start. “The US$50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we’ll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious programme with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030,” he said. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances Microsoft’s market value tops US$500b again after 17 years US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 Ringgit ends lower against US dollar Trump pulls US out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties (VIDEO) US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Saudi Aramco shelves plans for RAPID venture with Petronas, source says Ringgit to trade softer against US dollar next week At some Singapore suburban malls, retailers confront the sound of silence Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Alexa versus Siri Reutes Video: Miss Universe’s preliminary show starts in Manila Reuters Video: Ryan Gosling brings ‘La La Land’ to Tokyo Reuters Video: Mexicans build makeshift wall around US embassy in Trump protest Reuters Video: President Trump, Melania share 'first dance' Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Related Articles Does depression boost the risk of cancer death? Britons sizzle over chips and toast cancer warnings UK scientists say burnt toast, overcooked potatoes could cause cancer France to investigate food additive that harmed rats Sanofi’s M&A misses frustrate some investors in drugmaker Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Technical Reports on Drug Makers Stocks -- Pfizer, Merck, AbbVie, and Johnson & Johnson By Published: Jan 18, 2017 7:10 a.m. ET Share NEW YORK, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- NEW YORK, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Stock-Callers.com takes another look at the Drug Manufacturers space to see how current market conditions are influencing the performances of some major players in the industry. Under evaluation this morning are: Pfizer Inc. PFE, +0.45% Merck & Co. Inc. MRK, +0.90% AbbVie Inc. ABBV, -2.07% and Johnson & Johnson JNJ, +1.38% These companies are engaged in the development and sale of medicines and vaccines for a wide range of medical uses. Most of them are structured as corporations, and offer slightly higher-than-average dividend yields. Download the free research reports on these stocks today: http://stock-callers.com/registration Pfizer   New York headquartered Pfizer Inc.'s shares saw a drop of 1.41%, finishing Tuesday's trading session at $32.06. A total volume of 32.10 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 26.81 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 0.06%. Moreover, shares of Pfizer, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells healthcare products worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 39.78. On January 05 [th] , 2017, ICU Medical, Inc. announced that ICU Medical and Pfizer have modified the terms of the definitive agreement entered into on October 06 [th] , 2016, under which ICU Medical will acquire the Hospira Infusion Systems (HIS) business from Pfizer. These modifications are a result of recent changes in performance of HIS that affect previously announced expectations for the transaction. Under the terms of the modified agreement, the aggregate purchase price will be adjusted to be no more than $900 million (versus $1 billion as originally agreed). See our free and comprehensive research report on PFE at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=PFE Merck   On Tuesday, shares in Kenilworth, New Jersey headquartered Merck & Co. Inc. recorded a trading volume of 10.59 million shares, and ended the session 1.38% lower at $61.48. The stock has gained 4.43% since the start of this year. The Company's shares are trading 1.02% and 4.62% above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Merck & Co., which provides healthcare solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 53.12. On January 10 [th] , 2017, Merck announced that the US FDA has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the Company's anti-PD-1 therapy, plus chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic or advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer regardless of PD-L1 expression and with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. This is the first application for regulatory approval of KEYTRUDA in combination with another treatment. The FDA granted Priority Review with a PDUFA, or target action, date of May 10 [th] , 2017. The sBLA will be reviewed under the FDA's Accelerated Approval program. On January 13 [th] , 2017, research firm Bryan Garnier initiated a 'Buy' rating on the Company's stock. MRK free research report PDF is just a click away at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=MRK AbbVie   Shares in North Chicago, Illinois-based AbbVie Inc. closed at $61.86, slightly down 0.21% from the last trading session. The stock recorded a trading volume of 8.44 million shares, which was higher than its three months average volume of 8.10 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 1.32% in the last one month and 3.85% over the previous three months. The stock is trading 1.80% above its 50-day moving average and 1.30% above its 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of AbbVie, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products worldwide, have an RSI of 49.01. On January 09 [th] , 2017, AbbVie, life-sciences startup Genomics Medicine Ireland Limited, and WuXi NextCODE, the global contract genomics organization, announced the launch of a long-term strategic alliance to conduct population genomics research in Ireland aimed at advancing the discovery and development of novel therapeutic approaches to a range of serious diseases. The 15-year collaboration will focus on major chronic diseases within oncology, neuroscience and immunology that affect hundreds of thousands of people in Ireland and hundreds of millions worldwide. Financial terms were not disclosed. Sign up for your complimentary report on ABBV at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ABBV Johnson & Johnson   At the closing bell yesterday, shares in New Brunswick, New Jersey-based Johnson & Johnson ended 0.24% higher at $114.87 with a total trading volume of 6.26 million shares. The stock is trading above its 50-day moving average by 0.04%. Shares of the Company, which together with its subsidiaries, researches and develops, manufactures, and sells various products in the health care field worldwide, have an RSI of 46.33. On January 03 [rd] , 2017, Johnson & Johnson announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend for Q1 2017 of $0.80 per share on its common stock. The dividend is payable on March 14 [th] , 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 28 [th] , 2017. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the latest research report on JNJ at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JNJ Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44 330 808 3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References PFE +0.14 +0.45% MRK +0.55 +0.90% ABBV -1.27 -2.07% JNJ +1.54 +1.38% Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $31.42 +0.14 (+0.45%) Volume 23.9M Open $31.47 High $31.54 Low $31.26 P/E Ratio 31.26 Div Yield 4.07 Market Cap 189.8B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $61.75 +0.55 (+0.90%) Volume 6.6M Open $61.38 High $61.99 Low $61.30 P/E Ratio 31.51 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 168.7B AbbVie Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ABBV $60.00 -1.27 (-2.07%) Volume 14.1M Open $60.00 High $61.25 Low $59.52 P/E Ratio 16.22 Div Yield 4.27 Market Cap 99.6B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $113.38 +1.54 (+1.38%) Volume 8.7M Open $112.00 High $113.54 Low $111.90 P/E Ratio 19.28 Div Yield 2.82 Market Cap 304.3B LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NewLink Genetics Corporation (NLNK) Shares Bought by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Trading Up 5.1% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Trading Down 6.9% After Analyst Downgrade Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Sells 12,460 Shares of Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Raises Stake in Ball Corporation (BLL) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Boosts Position in Mosaic Company (The) (MOS) Perrigo Company (PRGO) Shares Sold by Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) to Hold AMP Capital Investors Ltd Decreases Stake in Silicon Motion Technology Corporation (SIMO) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 3,720 Shares of Cintas Corporation (CTAS) Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Position Decreased by Zacks Investment Management Zacks Investment Management Purchases Shares of 7,847 MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Zacks Investment Management Has $209,000 Position in Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) Zacks Investment Management Increases Stake in Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Zacks Investment Management Sells 2,276 Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Zacks Investment Management Purchases Shares of 4,625 ITC Holdings Corp. (ITC) American River Bankshares Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 (AMRB) BG Staffing Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 (BGSF) BG Staffing Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 (BGSF) Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Stake Raised by Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. Rand Wealth LLC Increases Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Rand Wealth LLC raised its position in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 20.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 5,900 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 995 shares during the period. Rand Wealth LLC’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $368,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of MRK. Solaris Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 3.8% in the third quarter. Solaris Asset Management LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 60 shares in the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 5.9% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 1,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 124.7% in the second quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 1,802 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 14.2% in the second quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC now owns 2,104 shares of the company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 261 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC boosted its position in shares of Merck & Company by 1,925.2% in the second quarter. Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC now owns 2,248 shares of the company’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 2,137 shares in the last quarter. 72.40% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 1.38% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $61.48. The stock had a trading volume of 10,592,686 shares. The stock has a market cap of $169.51 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.40 and a beta of 0.77. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $60.72 and a 200-day moving average price of $61.31. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. The business earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.17 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.96 earnings per share. Merck & Company’s revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.06%. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is 95.92%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/rand-wealth-llc-increases-stake-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Vetr cut shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $57.17 price target for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Guggenheim raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the company from $61.63 to $70.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Leerink Swann reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Merck & Company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $66.34. In other Merck & Company news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total value of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,667,275.24. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 9,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RBF Capital LLC Has $694,000 Stake in PGT, Inc. (PGTI) RBF Capital LLC Has $736,000 Position in Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (CCOI) J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Position Decreased by U S Global Investors Inc. Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Owens Corning Inc (OC) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Stake Lowered by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Reduces Stake in Best Buy Co., Inc. (BBY) ResMed Inc. (RMD) Position Increased by Gotham Asset Management LLC D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,931,000 Position in Hubbell Inc (HUBB) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,085,000 Position in Armstrong World Industries Inc (AWI) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Equifax (EFX) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $6,997,000 Stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Increases Stake in Kellogg Company (K) Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) Shares Bought by Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Shares Bought by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Clinton Group Inc. Purchases Shares of 53,215 Phillips 66 (PSX) Clinton Group Inc. Sells 112,392 Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Acquires Shares of 25,286 Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Granite Investment Partners LLC Has $956,000 Position in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Granite Investment Partners LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 15,312 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Granite Investment Partners LLC’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $956,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares during the period. Finally, Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 6.2% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 26,224,184 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,510,776,000 after buying an additional 1,531,565 shares during the period. 72.40% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 1.38% on Tuesday, reaching $61.48. 10,592,686 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $169.51 billion, a PE ratio of 31.40 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 1-year low of $47.97 and a 1-year high of $65.46. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $60.78 and a 200 day moving average price of $61.18. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. Merck & Company had a net margin of 13.76% and a return on equity of 24.25%. The company earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.17 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.96 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were paid a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.06%. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/granite-investment-partners-llc-has-956000-position-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. Several research firms have issued reports on MRK. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $73.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, November 11th. Vetr downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $64.84 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, October 10th. Jefferies Group downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Bryan, Garnier & Co began coverage on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Friday. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $66.34. In other news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total transaction of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,667,275.24. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $33,487,653.71. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Corporate Social Responsibility Editors January 19, 2017 08:08 AM Eastern Standard Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire’s Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. LOS ANGELES -- TriLinc Global Impact Fund Makes Impact Investments in Africa and Latin America Source: TriLinc Global Impact Fund KENILWORTH, N.J. -- Merck Foundation Grant Expands Project ECHO® in Vietnam and India Source: The Merck Foundation SAN FRANCISCO & WASHINGTON -- U.S. Conference of Mayors, Wells Fargo Announce 2017 CommunityWINS Grant Program Source: Wells Fargo & Company NORFOLK, Va. -- Titan America’s Pennsuco Plant receives Zero Waste Certification Source: Titan America LLC BERWYN, Pa. -- Trinseo Achieves Record EH&S Performance in 2016 Source: Trinseo WASHINGTON -- Walmart outlines 2017 goals for American job growth and community investment Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. BEAVERTON, Ore. -- On Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day Nike Announces New Partnerships to Promote Equality in Communities across the U.S. Source: NIKE, Inc. RALEIGH, N.C. -- Wells Fargo NeighborhoodLIFT Program to Boost Raleigh-Durham Homeownership Source: Wells Fargo & Company Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 31 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Release Summary Recap of CSR stories on Business Wire #Hashtags #CSR Social Media Profiles Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Saturday | January 28, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Jan 28, 05:07 am Anti-abortion activists are gathering for the 44th annual March "die-in" Washington Jan 28, 05:07 am UN Secy-Gen shakes hands with new US Ambassador at the United Nations Jan 28, 05:06 am Vendors display dish Siri Paye, Eggs, Flowers and different leather items in Lahore Jan 28, 05:05 am Rescuers retrieved the bodies another four Indian soldiers buried beneath tonnes of snow in Kashmir Jan 28, 04:07 am SC asks NAB to present Dar's ‘confession’ record Jan 28, 04:02 am It’s PTI’s time to rejoice Jan 28, 03:59 am No consensus reached on keeping order in NA Jan 28, 03:57 am 'Royal Rumble' adjourned!   MSD for Mothers commits $10m, expertise to help end preventable deaths January 19, 2017, 1:13 pm SHARE : INP Tweet DAVOS :  MSD, known as Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A., inside the United States and Canada, announced Thursday its $10 million commitment to the Global Financing Facility (GFF) in support of Every Woman Every Child to improve maternal and child health in low- and lower-middle-income countries worldwide through its MSD for Mothers initiative. Through the GFF – a multi-stakeholder partnership hosted by the World Bank Group – countries are aiming to make a much greater impact on the lives of their most vulnerable citizens, with the goal of preventing an estimated 3.8 million maternal deaths, 101 million child deaths and 21 million stillbirths by 2030.      “Women are the cornerstone of a healthy and prosperous world. When a woman survives pregnancy and childbirth, her family, community and nation thrive,” said Kenneth C. Frazier, chairman and chief executive officer, MSD. “Our partnership with the GFF demonstrates how the private sector can play a unique role in helping to improve maternal and child health worldwide. We look forward to contributing our resources and expertise to the GFF and its partner organizations to work toward the common goal of ending preventable maternal and child deaths.” The contribution to the GFF Trust Fund – the first from the private sector – will be used for innovative financing and public-private partnerships to scale up high-impact interventions to help women and children to survive and thrive through critical periods of life: birth, the early years and adolescence. MSD’s commitment advances the mission of MSD for Mothers, the company’s 10-year, $500 million global initiative to end the tragedy of women dying from complications of pregnancy and childbirth. In addition to financial support, MSD will provide business expertise to strengthen this multi-stakeholder partnership. GFF partners include, in addition to the GFF implementing countries, the World Bank Group; the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; Gavi; the Vaccine Alliance; the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria; the United Nations; and the governments of Canada, Norway, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. “Private sector partners, like MSD through its MSD for Mothers initiative, are leading the way by supporting the GFF,” said Mariam Claeson, director of the GFF. “With the private sector and with all GFF partners, countries are building healthier futures for women, children and adolescents – and donors are getting even greater results for their money.” A total of 62 low- and lower-middle-income countries with high levels of maternal and child mortality are eligible to receive grants from the GFF Trust Fund; the GFF is currently active in 16 countries around the world. In each GFF country, partners are aligning their funding to support one country-driven investment case and strategy that will strengthen the health system by focusing on high-impact, fiscally efficient solutions. With the financial assistance and technical expertise of corporations like MSD, GFF countries will develop innovative financing mechanisms to mobilize private sector capital, facilitating partnerships between global companies and countries and leveraging private sector capabilities to deliver better health results. “You can't have healthy children without healthy mothers, and the future of every country depends on having both,” World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said. “We need the support of all partners if we're going to achieve our goal of universal access to healthcare for every woman and every child. We're grateful for this financial contribution by MSD for Mothers, the first the Global Financing Facility has received from the private sector.” Tweet More by INP RELATED NEWS April 27, 2015 French expertise can help Pakistan modernise industry October 18, 2014 Call for ending preventable child deaths March 30, 2012 LHWs’ role to cut preventable deaths highlighted March 30, 2012 Pirzada seeks LHWs’ role to cut preventable deaths MORE IN HEALTH January 14, 2017, 5:22 pm Ebola's long-term effects revealed January 07, 2017, 8:53 pm Britain's health service in a 'humanitarian crisis' - Red Cross January 06, 2017, 5:50 pm US cancer death rate drops 25 percent since 1991 November 20, 2016, 6:57 pm Measles ‘leading cause of death’ among young children globally Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Another Pakistani woman makes it to Oscars Govt decides to appoint Muhammad Zubair as Sindh governor Scientists create metallic hydrogen; superconductor could ... ISPR confirms 200,000 troops for census Key accused in Hajj corruption case sentenced to 30 ... We all will have to shun our political differences and ... Lawyers brawl in Lahore court Pemra issues notice to Bol for ‘defying’ ban on Aamir ... LATEST COMMENTS Eddied The author of this editorial is biased with a twisted version of racism... no one is punishing people for their skin color in America?... it is a complete lie that " every bill that can be anti black,... Eddied Amazing media we have today... here is a small story about some low life idiot who kicked a Muslim at an American airport... and I am reading this in a Pakistan publication?... if a different moron k... Eddied These barbarian drug dealers and mass murderers must be eliminated... they are destroying their own country to steal power from elected leaders for Islamic militancy...and they are using religious fa... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied The author of this editorial is biased with a twisted version of racism... no one is punishing people for their skin color in America?... it is a complete lie that " every bill that can be anti black,... Eddied Amazing media we have today... here is a small story about some low life idiot who kicked a Muslim at an American airport... and I am reading this in a Pakistan publication?... if a different moron k... Eddied These barbarian drug dealers and mass murderers must be eliminated... they are destroying their own country to steal power from elected leaders for Islamic militancy...and they are using religious fa... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In AstraZeneca's Catch-Up Strategy is Falling Behind By Max Nisen Photographer: Jerry Markland Health Max Nisen Max Nisen is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering biotech, pharma and health care. He previously wrote about management and corporate strategy for Quartz and Business Insider. Follow @MaxNisen Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Jan 18, 2017 3:27 PM EST MERCK & CO. INC. +0.55 At Closing, Jan 27th 61.75 USD The fallout from Merck's cancer-treatment coup continues. Merck & Co. Inc. stunned pharma last week with news its combination of an immune-boosting cancer drug and chemotherapy may get early FDA approval to treat lung cancer. Now it seems this development might hurt AstraZeneca PLC's efforts to quickly gain relevance in immune-oncology (IO), one of its biggest potential growth avenues. On Tuesday, Astra announced changes to a key IO clinical trial that may further delay its market arrival and curtail its opportunity.  Spurned AstraZeneca's shares have languished since the company fought off a Pfizer acquisition attempt Source: Bloomberg In 2014, as Pfizer Inc. was trying to buy it, AstraZeneca pledged to hit $45 billion in revenue by 2023. That target has since shifted to $40-41 billion to reflect a stronger dollar. Even with that slight downgrade, such numbers are increasingly hard to take as anything but bravado -- particularly with the recent patent expirations of Nexium and Crestor, which brought in an estimated $6 billion in revenue in 2016. That's Not 40! Analysts are skeptical of AstraZeneca's ability to reach $40 billion revenue in 2023 Source: Bloomberg One of Astra's chosen paths to $40 billion was to become a major player in the rapidly growing IO market, which neared $10 billion in total sales last year. This approach was always a longshot, though; Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Roche Holding AG, and Merck already have drugs on the market approved to treat multiple cancers, while Astra's lead drug durvalumab is still awaiting its first approval.  Astra's strategy for jumping ahead of all that competition depended on the next frontier for these promising drugs: combining them with others to boost effectiveness. Its biggest bet is on a combination of durvalumab with another IO drug called tremelimumab. This approach accounts for a substantial majority of Astra's IO trials.  Before Tuesday, Astra had been expected to report Phase 3 data on its drug combo early this year in lung cancer and use that data to file for FDA approval. The trial changes announced Tuesday will push that Phase 3 data release until later this year, and Astra may not be able to file for approval until 2018. Astra also started an extra trial testing durvalumab alone, a somewhat puzzling move for a company that has been so combo-focused.  Merck's strategy of combining IO with chemo was already a competitive threat to Astra's approach -- IO-plus-chemo seems safer than IO/IO combos, and nearly as effective. Adding a long FDA approval delay to the mix will make it even harder for Astra to play catch-up.    Running Late AstraZeneca's entry in the red-hot market for immune-oncology drugs is expected to come in a distant fourth place Source: Bloomberg It's hard to imagine Astra's decision to change its trials wasn't based partly on the knowledge that it needs to top Merck's risk-benefit ratio to stay competitive. Astra's trial changes give it more options and likely reduce the likelihood of an outright disaster, such as Bristol-Myers's failure to get its IO drug, Opdivo, approved for newly diagnosed lung-cancer patients due to overly aggressive trial design. That misstep knocked $20 billion off Bristol-Myers's market cap in one August day. But the delay puts Astra in a difficult position. Its near-term opportunity is curtailed by Merck's head start. It may have to contend with a similar approach to Merck's from Roche. And it no longer seems as likely to get to market ahead of Bristol-Myers -- which is taking the exact same IO/IO approach in the near term -- to the combination market.  And its long-term opportunity may be cut down by newer approaches -- such as Merck's combination of its IO drug Keytruda with a different type of IO drug from Incyte -- that may be substantially more effective. Astra's trial tweaks are an important acknowledgement that things have changed. But the degree of the company's focus on these combos means that a broader strategic rethink in cancer might be needed. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Max Nisen in New York at mnisen@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mark Gongloff at mgongloff1@bloomberg.net Over It Over It Honeywell cut its overall revenue guidance for 2017 and investors were unfazed as they focused on other things Source: Bloomberg Bottom Line Honeywell Delivers Where It Counts Industrials Brooke Sutherland Weak Spot Google Has a Chink in Its Ad Armor Tech Shira Ovide Share Of Memory Chip Business Toshiba Might Sell 20% Yum Toshiba Chips Make for Tasty Chinese Takeout Tech Tim Culpan Mo' Money Mo' Money The swell of assets chasing hedge fund strategies has been too much for the industry to bear Source: Bloomberg Smart Money Harvard Goes Back to Hedge Fund Basics Markets Nir Kaissar Publicis shares, intraday +1.01% Au Revoir Levy Ends an Era Management Leila Abboud Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Inflation is anathema to Germans and with elections this September the heat is on Source: Bloomberg Big Jump German Inflation's Back. Look Out, Bonds Markets Marcus Ashworth Rearview Mirror Rearview Mirror Favored sectors for buyout deals may be completely different under a new tax code, compared to last year Source: Preqin Private Equity Online *Data is global. 54% of all private equity-backed buyout deals in 2016 were for assets located in North America Code Blues Private Equity's Taxing Times Deals Gillian Tan Happy Days Happy Days Tesco needs Booker to kickstart its stalling recovery Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Company Reports Excludes sales paid for using vouchers Left-Field Deal Tesco's Cunning Succession Plan Consumer Andrea Felsted Caffeine Jolt Caffeine Jolt Starbucks shares posted their first annual drop since 2008 but still outperformed the restaurant industry Source: Bloomberg Drip, drip A Slow Brew at Starbucks Consumer Shelly Banjo Bad News Bad News Wealth-management worries hit UBS' share price on Friday, dragging down rival Credit Suisse Intraday times are displayed in ET. Swiss Banking UBS Misses Out on the Trump Bump Finance Lionel Laurent Defying Gravity Defying Gravity India's top three private-sector lenders have consistently boosted their net interest margins to a point where investors underestimate the likelihood of a compression Source: Bloomberg *Data are for standalone banks. Mirror, Mirror Ugly's Coming for India's Best Banks Finance Andy Mukherjee Gambling Whale Gambling Whale More than a third of Macau's hotel rooms are in Sands China properties Source: Company reports and websites cheap shot Don't Bet Against Adelson Consumer David Fickling Value of Ant Financial's purchase of MoneyGram $880M Better Together Alibaba, U.S. Have Aligned Interests Tim Culpan Consecutive Quarters of 13%+ Net Revenue Growth at Alphabet 12 Your Ad Here Google Rides One-Trick Pony Tech Shira Ovide Ailing Ailing Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb took another hit after it lowered guidance for 2017 Source: Bloomberg Prey Time Bristol-Myers Goes From Hunter to Target Health Max Nisen Air Products' bid premium to Yingde stock 17% Failure to Launch Someone Should Goad Yingde Deals Nisha Gopalan The Next $100 Billion Deal Charter? Tuning In Verizon's Pipe Dream Deals Tara Lachapelle Back It Up Back It Up Caterpillar is trading at a premium to its average Ebitda valuation over the past five years, despite repeated efforts to indicate how struggles in its main markets will persist throughout the year Source: Bloomberg Listen Up Hey Investors, Caterpillar Is Talking to You Industrials Brooke Sutherland Money Flows Money Flows China's Ant Financial is acquiring MoneyGram, which many immigrants use to transfer money from the U.S. back home to their families. Here are the world's top 10 remittance-receiving countries: Source: World Bank MoneyGram Deal Jack Ma Takes Aim at Trump's Wall Deals Tara Lachapelle Trump Droptimism Trump Droptimism Biotech shares and the stock of the leading independent pharmacy benefit manager soared with Donald Trump's election, but have given those gains back as he has proven to be less friendly than expected Source: Bloomberg Nudge Report Tom Price Cracks the Drug-Price Negotiation Door Health Max Nisen Losing Ground Losing Ground Unilever's stale strategy has opened up its gap with Nestle Source: Bloomberg Too Much Fat Unilever Drags its Feet Consumer Andrea Felsted J&J is paying $30 billion Scarcity Value J&J Wrung Out Health Chris Hughes EBay 4Q gross merchandise volume $22.3 billion Window Dressing EBay, Time to Go Shopping Consumer Shelly Banjo Two Step Two Step Ericsson and Nokia shares have been slammed as sales declined by double digits last year. Source: Bloomberg Impatient Capitalism Ericsson Needs to Get Its Skates On Tech Leila Abboud The Crude Effect on Russia The Crude Effect on Russia As oil has recovered so has the ruble Source: Bloomberg Party Like a Russian Russia's Smoldering Bond Romance Markets Marcus Ashworth
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Connect with DrugDev at the SCOPE Summit for Clinical Operations Executives for Engaging Customer-Led Panel Discussions and the Anticipated Reveal of DrugDev Spark™ Connect with DrugDev at the SCOPE Summit for Clinical Operations Executives for Engaging Customer-Led Panel Discussions and the Anticipated Reveal of DrugDev Spark™ Posted on January 18, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Premier Sponsor DrugDev will demo its unified, clinical operations suite, present key sessions, and host the annual pre-conference kickoff party with Praxis, INC Research and CHI KING OF PRUSSIA, PA (PRWEB) January 18, 2017 DrugDev customers are primed to disrupt clinical operations again at the CHI SCOPE Summit for Clinical Ops Executives (Hyatt Regency Miami, January 24-26). DrugDev will join customers including Pfizer, Merck, and AstraZeneca in engaging panel discussions to examine vital clinical research issues such as trial performance metrics, patient enrollment diversity, protocol optimization, and global site selection. At key sessions during SCOPE, DrugDev will introduce its definitive eConsent solution (via the recent acquisition of SecureConsent) and officially unveil the much-anticipated DrugDev Spark™, which over 100 clinical leaders were able to preview at the 2016 DrugDev User Summit (hosted by Merck). DrugDev also will co-host the annual SCOPE kickoff happy hour with Praxis, INC Research and CHI ([RSVP). Click here to schedule a hands-on demonstration of technology to transform your clinical trials at booth #400. SCOPE sessions featuring DrugDev experts and customers include: Tuesday, January 24 11:40am: Christopher Conklin, Pfizer – “Site-Level vs. Study Level Trial Performance Metrics – Is there a Difference?” 2:30pm: Marisa Rackley, Merck – “Operationalizing Diversity Initiatives in Clinical Research; A Hep C Story” 2:55pm: Robert Loll, Praxis; Fabian Sandoval MD, Emerson Clinical Research Institute; Karen Brooks, Adare Pharmaceuticals ; and Marisa Rackley, Merck – “Improving Patient Diversity in Clinical Trials with Real-Time Enrollment Monitoring” 3:55pm: Marisa Rackley, Merck and Karen Brooks, Adare Pharmaceuticals – “Understanding and Implementing the New Reality of Diversity in Clinical Trials” Claire Sears PhD, DrugDev Director of Data Solutions; Shawn Tedman, UCB BioSciences; and Kate Zarish, AbbVie – “Optimizing Country and Site Selection: Strategies for Positioning Trials for Success Using a Global Footprint” Wednesday, January 25 7:30am: Eric Delente, DrugDev President, Patient Engagement – “eConsent: Putting ‘Informed’ Back in Informed Consent” 9:20am: Edward Manello, AstraZeneca – “The Global Investigator Pool: How Close Are We to Knowing the Full Picture?” 11:40am: Christopher Conklin, Pfizer; Marisa Rackley, Merck; Stella Stergiopoulos, Tufts University; and Edward Manello, AstraZeneca –“Clinical Trial Feasibility, Evidence-based Recommendations & Protocol Optimization” 12:05pm: Brett Kleger, DrugDev Chief Commercial Officer – “Introducing DrugDev Spark™ – Technology to Transform Clinical Operations” DrugDev President and CEO Ibraheem “Ibs” Mahmood said, “The industry has demanded a unified clinical suite with solutions proven to add value on thousands of trials. Based on the tremendous response of customers at our own User Summit, I’m genuinely excited to unveil the beautiful technology experience known as DrugDev Spark™ to the larger SCOPE community. I’m also honored to see our subject matter experts partner with so many innovative clinical research leaders and sites in such important panel sessions. It’s no wonder we look forward to SCOPE every year as a tremendous opportunity to connect and learn from the people who are always looking for meaningful ways to improve clinical research and bring more new treatments to patients and families worldwide.” About DrugDev DrugDev’s unified clinical suite enables sponsors, CROs and sites to do more trials through industry-wide collaboration, standardization and a beautiful technology experience. Featuring solutions for global site payments, site identification and activation, workflow optimization, learning management, and site and patient engagement, DrugDev helps companies transform the quality and efficiency of clinical trials from startup through closeout. The company also powers the revolutionary TransCelerate Investigator Registry and Investigator Databank collaborations with the universal identifier known as the DrugDev Golden Number. Learn more at http://www.drugdev.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13988001.htm Latest News ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
SUNDAY TIMES - Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor
                 
                 
        	
            
        196.34.62.59 Times Live The Times Rewards Subscribe Login Close Please enter your login details Email Password New Subscriber Forgot Password / Username? Existing Subscriber? Free Digital Upgrade Please verify your details Name Surname Email Password Contimue News Investigations The Power Report Best of International Opinion & Analysis Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Business Careers Investments Opinion Lifestyle Entertainment Opinion Weddings Books Travel Photographer of the Year Competition Home & Decor Gardening Food Recipes Fashion Beauty Competitions Multimedia Search News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Home & Decor Food Fashion & Beauty Real Heroes Competitions Multimedia Contact Us Sunday Times Subscribe Facebook Twitter Settings Instagram Settings Search Login Close News Opinion & Analysis Sport Business Lifestyle Travel Decor Fashion & Beauty Food Loading Ajax Cape Town confirm the signing of winger Sameehg Doutie More arrests loom after probe into fraud at licensing centres: MEC Gay man, you're on your own: Homophobic Christians and hypocrisy go hand in hand The Big Read: The rush to cry 'racism!' exposes the hypocrites Behardien rues SA's missed opportunities after just about everything that could go wrong did How to make authentic dumplings for Chinese New Year, step-by-step Movie review: joyful 'La La Land' will put a song in your heart Series review: Netflix's 'Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events' By age 6, girls think boys are smarter than they are Sunday Times Business By Ben Hirschler, 2017-01-18 10:31:18.0 Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Image: iStock Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Asia takes lead at Davos Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. - Reuters Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Email Password Forgot Username/Password? Login failed. Your username or password is incorrect Subscribe now Print + Digital + Rewards for R107/month. Subscribe Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. Don't miss out on this story Login, upgrade or subscribe to continue reading. Login Subscribe Now Sunday Times print subscriber? Upgrade now to get a FREE digital subscription. You might also like Follow China’s example and lift Africa out of poverty‚ sustainability forum told Johnson & Johnson says to buy pharma group Actelion for $30 bn ‘If companies can’t mine safely‚ they shouldn’t be mining at all’ - Zwane on stoppages 330 jobs on the line as Sibanye merges Kroondal and Rustenburg mines Fica bill is constitutional say top lawyers Sibanye claims R26.8m from Zwane and inspectors Britain's Brexit plans unlikely to be slowed by Article 50 defeat Want to make your pile from Airbnb? Here's where to buy AB InBev to slash manager jobs in SA Beer giant AB InBev trims the fat at SABMiller Lonmin surfaces after five hard years Plan to enforce auditor rotation in SA puts big business in flat spin Emerging markets' turn will come again Goodbye to the big green, and Ye'llo MTN Price wars: saving the king of savings Saving for a purpose, with a little help from friends Before self-drive cars comes your talkative robot co-driver Consumer confidence index not as bad as the '80s, but it's not far off Previous Next Is Test = Times Media Group © Sat Jan 28 04:54:01 SAST 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Menu Search Home Biotech Diagnostics Health IT Medical Devices Payers Pharma Policy & Regulation Providers Population Health Events About Us Advertising Contact us Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email Everyone everywhere could only dream of a customer like this Innovation in ADHD: Is it just more of the same? Appeals court rules that stolen laptops class action against payer can proceed Everybody Else Is Reading This Jounce Therapeutics prices IPO beyond expectations (Updated) Health IT, device vendors called lax on security certification Venrock raises a comfortable $450M for fund 8 Robotic sleeve shows promise against heart failure For J&J, $30B Actelion deal is less about synergies, more about future promise Verily eyes overseas markets with $800M infusion from Singapore HHS scientists get in on ‘rogue’ social media Celgene acquires autoimmune startup Delinia for $775M What would Republican ACA replacement plan look like? Everybody Else Is Reading This The decades-long battle for better outcomes in glioblastoma Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email MedCity News Patient Engagement Healthcare Convergence Investing & Startups Big Data Precision Medicine Events Connect with investors and startups at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago. Save $500 by 1/31 – Register NOW. Join us at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago – meet and connect with investors and innovative health care startups. Get best rate NOW. MedCitizens, Pharma What Pharma must do to win in Trump era By Zikria Syed Post a comment / Jan 19, 2017 at 3:25 PM Shares47 “Getting away with murder” is a harsh condemnation of an industry dedicated to improving and saving lives, but that is what President-elect Donald Trump said of the pharmaceutical industry at his first post-election news conference earlier this month. He further criticized the industry for not manufacturing in the United States and promised to change the way the U.S. government buys drugs. Trump’s aggressive posture sent shockwaves through the industry and the markets. The NASDAQ Biotechnology Index – iShares Nasdaq Biotech ETF (IBB.O) – closed down 3 percent and big pharma lost almost $25 billion in market value on the day of the press conference. While pharmaceutical stocks have since recovered some of the losses, the industry and analysts are still trying to understand how the incoming Trump administration’s policies will affect the pharmaceutical industry. While Trump strongly criticized the pharmaceutical industry for both not manufacturing in the U.S. and high prices in his press conference, his position up to this point has been focused on pricing and not manufacturing.  His Healthcare Reform position paper, published when Trump was still a candidate, focused on drug prices and alluded to easing importation of drugs to improve pricing and competition. Trump similarly focused on drug pricing in his Time Magazine Person of the Year interview in December 2015 by saying, “I’m going to bring down drug prices. I don’t like what has happened with drug prices.” Advertisement Even though Trump’s recent focus on pharmaceutical manufacturing has the industry in a panic, some think that focusing on manufacturing will increase, not reduce prices.  Moreover, it’s likely that Trump is using manufacturing as leverage to influence the pricing discussion and it may be working. AbbVie chief executive, Richard Gonzalez, speaking at the annual JP Morgan Healthcare conference said that his company will raise prices only once in 2017 and limit those increases to single digits. Ken Frazier, CEO of Merck made a similar pledge in an interview in December. While these pledges to curb price increases are understandable, focusing on price alone will ultimately hurt the industry and the public because lower prices will result in cost cuts (read job losses) and reduction in R&D, resulting in fewer lifesaving treatments coming to market. Instead, by zeroing in on innovation, the pharmaceutical industry can change the conversation and let market forces determine pricing. Still, it’s not all bad news for the pharmaceutical industry. There is reason to believe that a Trump administration wants a faster and less stringent drug approval process.  Trump made cutting regulations a cornerstone of his candidacy, and short-listed candidates for his U.S. Food and Drug Administration commissioner – Jim O’Neill and Dr. Scott Gottlieb – have strong views on the need to change the FDA drug approval process with the goal of achieving lower costs and increased choices. An easier regulatory environment creates an opportunity for the industry to accelerate the process of new drug approvals by focusing on clinical trials. These trials, however, are complex, costly and inefficient. Moreover, the process and workflow of randomized clinical trials haven’t changed since the 1990s. Trump’s push for fewer regulations and more consumer choices creates a perfect setting to streamline and optimize the clinical trial process. Here are four strategies that the industry can pursue to make clinical trials simpler, friendlier, faster and cheaper: Pursue virtual and direct-to-patient trials to augment traditional site-based trials Why?  Access to patients is the single biggest gating factor for running clinical trials.  Nearly 20 percent of clinical trial sites don’t recruit a single patient and more than 48 percent of clinical trial sites under-enroll. Traditional clinical trials leave it to the principal investigators they use to recruit patients, but this leaves a huge population of potential patients untapped. In direct-to-patient trials, pharmaceutical companies can find patients first and then connect them with investigators, thereby creating a new stream of patient volunteers. Companies such as Science 37 and Elligo Health Research are pioneers in direct-to-patient trials and poised for significant growth. Use eSource to speed up and optimize clinical trial processes Why?  Although clinical trials use technology to manage and collect data, clinical trial sites still collect data on paper first and then enter it into the system.  This is not only costly and inefficient, it creates significant delays. On average, sites take 22 days to enter data collected on paper, and further delays and costs are incurred to verify the accuracy of the entered data (source data verification). Collecting data in electronic form using tablets and computers eliminates the paper step, reducing costs and speeding up the clinical trial as delays to enter and verify data are eliminated. But for this to happen, data collection tech needs to enable direct entry of data using tablets, allow for physicians to take notes, produce electronic medical records and provide integration with labs and instruments. There are already solution providers doing just that, such as ClinicalInk (provides a complete eSource solution) and ClinicalResearch.io (focuses on site workflows and integrates with eClinical solutions), but expect new entrants with additional offerings in the coming year. Put the patient at the center of trial design and execution Why? Pharma companies bring treatments to market for the benefit of patients and need voluntary participants in order to run clinical trials. Regrettably, patients are often an afterthought in clinical trials as the focus tends to be on investigators and trial results. The FDA has started to engage directly with patients and is encouraging the industry to focus on patient outcomes and treatments that meet patients preferences and needs instead of simply focusing on disease management from a medical perspective. However, the industry has traditionally viewed patients in clinical trials as subjects, not as partners or clients.  The industry needs to engage with patients in protocol design, assist them along the way as patients participate in trials, and treat them as partners. The pharma industry also needs to keep them informed about their role in the trial and the overall status of the trial drug even after their direct participation has ended. Take a fresh look at the clinical trial technologies Why? Clinical trials are getting more complex. The cost of running clinical trials has more than doubled since the 90s. Clinical trials need to be patient-centric and support newer execution models such as direct-to-patient.  The existing clinical trial solutions are unable to adapt to the changing needs. Clinical trial technologies haven’t changed much since the current categories — clinical trial management systems, electronic data capture, and interactive voice response, — were established in the late 1990s. While most of these solutions have been repeatedly upgraded, there is usually a complex web of interconnected solutions that need to be integrated to run clinical trials resulting in delays, cost overruns, data errors, poor usability and low satisfaction. Moreover, these solutions haven’t adapted to the modern-day, mobile-first/cloud-first mindset where users expect the same experience that they get using apps on their mobile phones. Look for simpler, integrated, mobile and tablet enabled solutions that provide great user experience and flexible workflows. Photo: Getty Images This post appears through the MedCity News MedCitizens program. Anyone can publish their perspective on business and innovation in healthcare on MedCity News through MedCitizens. Click here to find out how. Zikria Syed Zikria Syed is the founder and CEO of VitalTrax, a clinical trial solutions company specializing in electronic Clinical Outcomes Assessment (eCOA). He is passionate about creating amazing software and companies to address some of the biggest challenges in life sciences. More posts by Author Shares47 Topics CROs, Donald Trump, health IT, Health Policy, mcCONVERGE, pharma What are the best practices for startups? A point-of-care company with handheld test device is taking on Abbott, Alere Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. No comments GOT NEWS? SEND US A TIP  MedCity >> Inbox Get the latest industry news first when you subscribe to our daily newsletter. Promoted eyeforpharma’s 2nd Annual Data & Technology in Clinical Trials summit eyeforpharma’s Data and Technology in Clinical Trials summit, 2017 is the number one meeting for clinical experts, all dedicated to radically transforming trials for patients, sites and sponsors. Taking place February 21-22 at the Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown hotel. This meeting is bringing together some of the most innovative clinical minds from Sanofi, Pfizer, Merck, Amgen, Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, amongst others; covering all aspects of where innovative approaches to data and technology can advance clinical trials.  Register here. eyeforpharma From the MedCity Team Everyone everywhere could only dream of a customer like this Arundhati Parmar  |  3:48 pm, January 27 Jounce Therapeutics prices IPO beyond expectations (Updated) Stephanie Baum  |  10:37 am, January 27 Innovation in ADHD: Is it just more of the same? Juliet Preston  |  3:46 pm, January 27 Health IT, device vendors called lax on security certification Neil Versel  |  8:45 am, January 27 Promoted Life Sciences Law Firm Index: Top Deal Firms Update One year ago, in collaboration with Lake Whillans and our sister site MedCity News, we launched the inaugural Life Sciences Law Firm Index to recognize law firms that are the most active and relevant for life science companies… Brian Dalton × Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Shares47
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release BioNJ’s Gateway Gala to Salute Patients and the Innovator Companies Inspired by Them By Published: Jan 19, 2017 2:00 p.m. ET Share Featuring a Keynote by Breast Cancer Survivor, Advocate & Former Good Morning America Host Joan Lunden, the Presentation of the Dr. Sol J. Barer Award and the Innovation Awards Ceremony TRENTON, N.J., Jan 19, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- BioNJ will present Innovator Awards honoring industry leaders, policy champions and Patient advocates who have reached significant milestones, as well as companies with a footprint in New Jersey that have received a drug approval in 2016 during its 24th Annual Gateway Gala and Innovation Celebration taking place February 2 at the Hilton East Brunswick. The Gateway Gala will feature the presentation of the tenth Dr. Sol J. Barer Award for Vision, Innovation and Leadership to Fred Hassan, Partner and Managing Director, Warburg Pincus and Former Chairman of the Board & CEO, Schering-Plough. As a globally recognized and revered biopharmaceutical leader, Mr. Hassan is widely regarded for his passion for Patients, dedication to advancing healthcare and mentoring industry leaders. The Keynote will be delivered by Patient, Patient advocate and media legend Joan Lunden. "Because Patients Can't Wait [®] , BioNJ is committed to fostering a life science ecosystem in New Jersey where Science is Supported, Companies are Created, Drugs are Developed and Patients are Paramount," said Debbie Hart, President of BioNJ, "Our 24th Gateway Gala will celebrate the advances in medical innovation with ties to New Jersey that are helping Patients live better, longer lives while lessening the burden of illness and disease on society." Innovator Awards With the gathering of more than 750 life sciences professionals, BioNJ is pleased to present an Innovator Award to these honorees: 2016 Drug Approval Category Allergan Amicus Therapeutics Bayer Eli Lilly and Company Elusys Therapeutics Heron Therapeutics Jazz Pharmaceuticals Merck & Co., Inc. Novo Nordisk Sanofi Leadership Category John Crowley, Chairman of the Board & CEO, Amicus Therapeutics Scott Jackson, Former CEO, Celator Pharmaceuticals Christian Kopfli, CEO, Chromocell Elizabeth Posillico, Ph.D., President & CEO, Elusys Therapeutics Policy Champion Category Congressman Leonard Lance Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr. Patient Advocate Category Andrea, Natalie & Hannah Gorsegner "Magic" Max Schill Don Wright -- Marathon Man Dr. Sol J. Barer Award for Vision, Innovation and Leadership Now in its tenth year, the 2017 Dr. Sol J. Barer Award for Vision, Innovation and Leadership will be presented by Dr. Barer to Fred Hassan - respected industry leader in both small and large company environments, known for mentoring entrepreneurs who have become successful CEOs; guiding emerging companies through Board leadership; and investing in promising entrepreneurs and biopharma companies. Keynote by Joan Lunden As the longest-running early morning TV host ever, for nearly two decades Joan Lunden greeted viewers each day on Good Morning America bringing insight to the day's top stories. In June 2014, Ms. Lunden was diagnosed with Triple-Negative Breast Cancer, which required chemotherapy, surgery and radiation. She made a decision to take her battle public and has since shared her journey through cancer treatment with the world. An eternal optimist, Ms. Lunden decided to turn her diagnosis into an opportunity to help others in the breast cancer community, recently launching ALIVE, an online channel dedicated to people living with and surviving from breast cancer. During her Keynote presentation, "My Breast Cancer Journey, A Patient's Perspective," Ms. Lunden will speak about her personal battle with breast cancer and what she has learned through her journey. She'll share a Patient's perspective on treatment, the difficulties of navigating the healthcare system, the technology that helped her and the hard decisions a Patient has to make during the battle to save their life. Register  today at www.BioNJ.org and celebrate New Jersey’s vibrant life sciences community. Registration is $425 for BioNJ Members and affiliated organizations and $570 for Future Members. Please contact Edie Esposito to learn more about sponsorship opportunities. About BioNJ BioNJ, The Gateway to Health, is a network of more than 400 Members representing research-based life sciences companies and stakeholders dedicated to propelling a vibrant ecosystem where Science is Supported, Companies are Created, Drugs are Developed and Patients are Paramount. Because Patients Can't Wait [®] , BioNJ supports its Members in the discovery, development and commercialization of therapies and cures that save and improve lives and lessen the burden of illness and disease to society by driving capital formation, fostering entrepreneurship, advocating for public policies that advance medical innovation, providing access to talent and education and offering a cost-saving array of critical commercial resources. For more information about BioNJ, please visit www.BioNJ.org. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170119005705/en/ SOURCE: BioNJ BioNJ Randi Bromberg Vice President, Communications and Marketing O) 609-890-3185 C) 609-955-1067 RBromberg@BioNJ.org Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska In Vitro Diagnostics News of Note: Kalorama Information News provided by Kalorama Information Jan 19, 2017, 10:17 ET Share this article ROCKVILLE, Md., Jan. 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Kalorama Information has identified five important news items in the IVD industry for the month of January 2017.  In vitro diagnostics companies are announcing partnerships to advance cancer genetics, both by making sequencing data easier to interpret and by pushing the boundaries of liquid biopsy. Meanwhile, scientists have developed a 20-cent centrifuge for developing countries, doctors are contending with potential false positives in a Zika test, and CMS has begun collecting market data to set new laboratory reimbursement rates for 2018.   Here are the top in vitro diagnostics stories of January 2017.   Kalorama covers the in vitro diagnostics (IVD) market and all of its test segments in its report, The Worldwide Market for In Vitro Diagnostics, 10th Edition. Computers Bring Cancer Genomics Closer to the Clinic:  Illumina, Inc. announced this month that it will partner with IBM Watson Health in an effort to standardize and simplify interpretation of cancer gene variants.  The added computing power will help scientists interpret results more quickly, according to a press release, reducing a week's worth of digging through medical literature, clinical trials compendia and professional guidelines to minutes. Watson for Genomics software will be available bundled with Illumina's TruSight Tumor 170 solid tumor profiling panel in early 2017. Though it is intended for research use, diagnostic laboratories can take the process through validation for CLIA certification and use the technology clinically.  Meanwhile, Illumina also announced a collaboration with Royal Philips to incorporate Illumina's sequencing into Philips' IntelliSpace Genomics clinical informatics platform for cancer, which also incorporates data from radiology, immunohistochemistry, digital pathology, medical records and lab tests into an integrated dashboard. Though this partnership also is intended for research only, the press release notes that the collaboration will move precision cancer diagnosis out of the realm of academic centers and "unlock the value of genomics for a much wider group of laboratories and care providers." Coming Soon, Largest Liquid Biopsy Panel Ever: Guardant Health announced this month that it is partnering with several major pharmaceutical companies, including AstraZeneca, Merck and Pfizer, to develop a 500-plus-gene liquid biopsy panel.  This will be the industry's largest commercially available liquid biopsy panel, according to a press release, and will speed cancer trials and drug development. A single blood draw would quickly screen a cancer patient for virtually every targeted therapy clinical trial available, Guardant says.   The company currently offers Guardant360, an in-house liquid biopsy that tests for 73 cancer genes in advanced solid tumors. The expanded panel will be available in mid-2017. Guardant Health also plans to release a CLIA-certified version for its pharmaceutical partners, the press release says.   The Guardant360 uses a "digital interference engine" in its Digital Sequencing platform to detect tumor DNA circulating in blood with few errors or false positives. "We are now confidently detecting a single molecule of mutant circulating tumor DNA in a 10mL tube of blood drawn from an advanced cancer patient," said Helmy Eltoukhy, Guardant Health CEO and co-founder in a statement. A discussion of recent developments in circulating tumor DNA, as well as circulating tumor cells (CTCs) and tissue biopsies is available in a recent Kalorama Information blog post called, "CTCs, cfDNA and Tissue Biopsies: A  Comparison". Also, these technologies and the markets for them are fully explored in Kalorama Information's report, Cell-free DNA Markets. DIY Paper Centrifuge Enables Low-tech Point-of-care Diagnostics:  Researchers at Stanford University reported this month in Nature Biomedical Engineering that they had made a cheap, human-powered paper centrifuge that could be used in resource-poor areas as the starting point for in vitro diagnostics.  The 'paperfuge,' as they call it, was inspired by a whirligig toy dating from 3,300 BC. It costs about 20 cents, requires no electricity and can separate pure plasma from whole blood in less than 1.5 minutes.   Their goal was to find an alternative to the traditional centrifuge, which is large, expensive and requires electricity. With the paperfuge and blood from a fingerstick, they were able to obtain red blood cells for hematocrit, as well as pure plasma that could be used for rapid diagnostic tests. With 15 minutes of spinning, they achieved adequate separation to test for malaria and other parasites. The scientists experimented with materials beyond paper, and even made a version of the hand-operated centrifuge out of a silicon-based polymer for microfluidics that might one day integrate with lab-on-a-chip devices. "The in-depth analysis of a simple toy has provided broad inspiration for developing human-powered, instrument-free POC devices," they write. "The variety of materials (paper, polymers) and rich design landscape offer potential for electricity-free integrated POC devices." Caution Urged as Some Zika Tests Yield False Positives:  The FDA issued a safety alert in late December about a serological test for Zika virus, after Laboratory Corporation of America (LabCorp) noticed the test was delivering more false positives than expected.  The FDA said it's not clear if the problem is with the testing facility or with the test itself, the ZIKV Detect IgM Capture ELISA by InBios International, Inc., but urged doctors to consider any positive serological result preliminary and to wait for confirmatory testing before making any clinical decisions.  While the FDA has yet to approve a test for Zika virus, it granted Emergency Use Authorization in 2016 for several tests, including ZIKV Detect IgM Capture ELISA. LabCorp noticed the false positives after migrating from the CDC's Zika MAC-ELISA test to ZIKV Detect.  Both tests performed well in the past, according to the FDA's statement, but "the CDC confirmed less than half of those presumptive positive results captured by LabCorp through the ZIKV Detect test." First Payment Records Due to CMS This Month:  The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) begins collecting market data this month from many clinical laboratories under the final rule of the 2014 Protecting Access to Medicare Act (PAMA).  Laboratories that meet certain criteria have three months to report their payment rates and corresponding volumes for tests ordered by private payers in the first six months of 2016. CMS will use the data to calculate weighted median payment rates to be paid by Medicare starting in 2018.  The new pricing could drastically cut Medicare reimbursement for routine, high-volume tests, according to the Kalorama Information blog post, "With Final Rule, PAMA Set to Spark Changes in Lab Market and IVD Strategy". Because rates for these tests will be based on data from large clinical labs with high economies of scale, Medicare may reimburse small labs below cost, making these tests unfeasible to perform at decentralized locations. A full discussion of the PAMA rule and its implications, and other new stories is available at the Kalorama Information blog at www.kaloramainformation.com . For more information regarding the impacts of PAMA and the Affordable Care Act on the U.S. IVD market, Kalorama Information offers United States Market for In Vitro Diagnostic Tests which is available at http://www.kaloramainformation.com/United-States-Vitro-10133262/. About Kalorama Information Kalorama Information, a division of MarketResearch.com, supplies the latest in independent medical market research in diagnostics, biotech, pharmaceuticals, medical devices and healthcare; as well as a full range of custom research services. Reports can be purchased through Kalorama's website and are also available on www.marketresearch.com and www.profound.com. We routinely assist the media with healthcare topics. Follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn and our blog on our company website.   Press Contact:                                                         Bruce Carlson 212 807 2262 bcarlson@marketresearch.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/in-vitro-diagnostics-news-of-note-kalorama-information-300393099.html SOURCE Kalorama Information Jan 23, 2017, 09:08 ET Preview: Fast Pace of Activity in Next-Generation Sequencing Continues Jan 18, 2017, 09:28 ET Preview: Kalorama: More IVD M&A Likely in Changing Acquisitions Landscape My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 25, 2017, 10:28 ETCT Gets Faster and Smarter, Driving Market Growth: Report Jan 23, 2017, 09:08 ETFast Pace of Activity in Next-Generation Sequencing Continues Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: In Vitro Diagnostics News of Note: Kalorama Information News provided by Kalorama Information Jan 19, 2017, 10:17 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Samstag, 28. Januar | 02:56 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 14:08 | 19.01.2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire’s Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170119005178/en/ LOS ANGELES — TriLinc Global Impact Fund Makes Impact Investments in Africa and Latin America Source: TriLinc Global Impact Fund KENILWORTH, N.J. — Merck Foundation Grant Expands Project ECHO® in Vietnam and India Source: The Merck Foundation SAN FRANCISCO & WASHINGTON — U.S. Conference of Mayors, Wells Fargo Announce 2017 CommunityWINS Grant Program Source: Wells Fargo & Company NORFOLK, Va. — Titan America’s Pennsuco Plant receives Zero Waste Certification Source: Titan America LLC BERWYN, Pa. — Trinseo Achieves Record EH&S Performance in 2016 Source: Trinseo WASHINGTON — Walmart outlines 2017 goals for American job growth and community investment Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. BEAVERTON, Ore. — On Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day Nike Announces New Partnerships to Promote Equality in Communities across the U.S. Source: NIKE, Inc. RALEIGH, N.C. — Wells Fargo NeighborhoodLIFT Program to Boost Raleigh-Durham Homeownership Source: Wells Fargo & Company Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 31 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170119005178/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 22:50 Uhr | 27.01.2017 WDH/RATING: Fitch stuft Türkei ... 22:46 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Fitch stuft Türkei auf ... 22:31 Uhr | 27.01.2017 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Alphabet nach ... 22:30 Uhr | 27.01.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:19 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Skip to Content American Heart Association Learn and Live Local Info Languages Careers Volunteer Donate Search Heart.org Search Get Your Local Info Find out what is happening at your local American Heart area Search By Zipcode Search by State SELECT YOUR LANGUAGE Español (Spanish) 简体中文 (Traditional Chinese) 繁体中文 (Simplified Chinese) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) Healthy Living for Heart.org Conditions for Heart.org Caregiver for Heart.org Professional for Heart.org Research for Heart.org Educator for Heart.org CPR & ECC for Heart.org Shop for Heart.org Causes for Heart.org Advocate for Heart.org Giving for Heart.org Media for Heart.org Focus on Quality Quality Map Quality Research & Publications Quality Research Publications Quality Research Abstracts Presented at Conferences Quality Research Learn about Research Projects and Opportunities Quality Research - Accessing Vast Program Databases Young Investigator Research Opportunities Quality Research-Related Tools and Resources ASPIRE Alliance Webinars e-Communications Sign Up for Focus on Quality e-Communications hospitalaccreditation.heart.org Hospital Accreditation & Certification Advanced Certification in Heart Failure Comprehensive Stroke Center Certification Primary Stroke Center Certification Heart Attack (STEMI) Receiving Center Accreditation Heart Attack (STEMI) Referring Center Accreditation Heart-Check Hospitals See More of Hospital Accreditation & Certification Get With The Guidelines Get With The Guidelines-AFIB Get With The Guidelines-AFIB Infographic Joining Forces for Atrial Fibrillation Patients Introducing the Get With The Guidelines-AFIB Ablation Feature Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Overview Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Join Us! Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Patient Management Tool Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Clinical Tools Get With The Guidelines®-AFIB Recognition Get With The Guidelines-HF Get With The Guidelines-Heart Failure Reasons Why 2 Get With The Guidelines®-Heart Failure Reasons Why Resources Get With The Guidelines®-Heart Failure Overview Join Get With The Guidelines-Heart Failure Get With The Guidelines®-HF Patient Management Tool Get With The Guidelines®-HF Clinical Tools Library Recognition from Get With The Guidelines®-HF Target: HF Get With The Guidelines - Resuscitation Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Overview Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Patient Management Tool Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Join Us! Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Clinical Tools Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Recognition Criteria Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Professional Education Recognition from Get With The Guidelines®-Resuscitation Get With The Guidelines-Stroke Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Overview Recognition from Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Patient Management Tool Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Clinical Tools Target: Stroke Mission: Lifeline About Mission Lifeline Mission: Lifeline for EMS Mission: Lifeline for Referring Hospitals Mission: Lifeline for Receiving Hospitals Mission: Lifeline for Participating Organizations Systems of Care Register Your System of Care System Improvement Tools and Resources Mission: Lifeline Tools and Resources for EMS Mission: Lifeline Tools and Resources for Referring Hospitals Mission: Lifeline Tools and Resources for Receiving Hospitals News and Announcements Recognition Mission: Lifeline EMS Recognition Mission: Lifeline® Hospital Awards Accreditation The Guideline Advantage About The Guideline Advantage How to Participate Resources News & Updates FAQ Contact Us Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Overview Updated:Jan 18,2017     Healthier patients. Healthier hospitals. Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke is an in-hospital program for improving stroke care by promoting consistent adherence to the latest scientific treatment guidelines. Since its initiation in 2003, 1,656 hospitals have entered more than two million patient records into the Get With The Guidelines-Stroke database. Numerous published studies demonstrate the program's success in achieving measurable patient outcome improvements. But patients aren't the only ones who benefit. Get With The Guidelines-Stroke supports hospitals in many ways, including: access to the most up-to-date research and scientific publications professional education opportunities, such as workshops and webinars clinical tools and resources patient education resources QI field staff support a competitive advantage in the healthcare marketplace national and local recognition for hospital team program achievement  submission of CMS Core Stroke Measures and other data  performance feedback reporting for continuous quality improvement Data submission and feedback reporting are performed using the American Heart Association’s Patient Management Tool™ (PMT), an online, interactive system provided by Quintiles Real World & Late Phase Research.  Download the Get With The Guidelines-Stroke fact sheets for more information. Stroke fact sheet (PDF): View the achievement, quality, reporting, and descriptive measures reported on via Get With The Guidelines-Stroke. Comprehensive Stroke fact sheet (PDF) : View the 14 pilot Comprehensive Stroke Center metrics reported on via Get With The Guidelines-Stroke. These Comprehensive Stroke measures were developed by the Get With The Guidelines expert leaders to help support hospital processes and aspects of care that are strongly supported by science. CRF (PDF) 30-day Follow Up Form (PDF)  12 Steps for Getting Started Contact your local Get With The Guidelines representative.  Assemble your multidisciplinary team. As a team, review your hospital’s standing orders and processes. View a demonstration and sign up to use the Patient Management Tool. Determine roles and processes for entering patient data. Enter 30 records into the PMT to assess your treatment rates. This will become your baseline. Identify areas for improvement. Refine processes and protocols to ensure they are in line with the guidelines.  Brainstorm with your team to find ways to improve your hospital’s treatment rates. Test your ideas. Remember that changes do not have to be large. Sometimes it works best to start small and build on success. Repeat steps 8 and 9 until your team is happy with your treatment rates and your hospital is eligible for recognition.  Celebrate your successes and spread the word! Get With The Guidelines - Stroke has been funded in the past through support from Janssen Pharmaceuticals and has been funded in the past through support from Boeringher-Ingelheim and Merck. Research Opportunity Overview Researchers also have the opportunity to conduct investigator led research projects using data from the Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke program. Research projects are hypothesis-driven studies that are developed into manuscripts suitable for peer-reviewed publication. For an overview of data housed in the Stroke Patient Management Tool, please refer to the Stroke CRF (PDF). To submit a research proposal for the Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke program, email a completed Get With The Guidelines Data Request Form (Document) to QualityResearch@heart.org. Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Focus on Quality Return to Get With The Guidelines-Stroke Home  Find Out What the Program Does for Hospitals and Patients Submit Data and Track Performance in the Patient Management Tool  Put Our Collection of Clinical Tools to Work See Proof of Effectiveness in Scientific Publications  Explore Professional Education Workshops and Webinars Patient Learn to Help Themselves with Educational Materials  Earn Public Recognition for Your Achievement Use Our Media Kit to Raise Awareness of Your Quality Commitment Target: Stroke Best Practices Center This site is for both new Get With The Guidelines® users and existing users who want to sustain and enrich the quality they’ve already achieved through best practices. Popular Articles 1 Understanding Blood Pressure Readings 2 Sodium and Salt 3 What are the Symptoms of High Blood Pressure? 4 All About Heart Rate (Pulse) 5 How to Eat Healthy 6 Heart Attack Symptoms in Women 7 Low Blood Pressure - When Blood Pressure Is Too Low 8 Tachycardia | Fast Heart Rate 9 Warning Signs of a Heart Attack 10 Angina (Chest Pain) *Red Dress ™ DHHS, Go Red ™ AHA ; National Wear Red Day® is a registered trademark. This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor By Ben Hirschler Reuters18 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Ben Hirschler DAVOS, Switzerland (Reuters) - Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programs or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanized populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fueled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalize cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50 million commitment - a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1 trillion a year - was just a start. "The $50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we'll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious program with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030," he said. (Editing by Mark Potter) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next OMG! Bobby Deol was to be Jab We Met's hero but Imtiaz Ali naiyo'd him India Today A Jaw-Dropping 21-Month 0% APR Card Has Arrived NextAdvisorSponsored Sanjay Leela Bhansali thrashed on Padmavati sets for allegedly distorting history India Today CBSE changes dates of Class X, XII examination India Today Mental Harassment For Pregnant Deepika Singh. What A Shame! Spotboye 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Delhi: CCTV cameras capture mother throwing her two-year-old son off the stairs Catch News Newborn with heart ailment to be cured at AIIMS after Sushma Swaraj's intervention Ani Amitabh Bachchan’s Reaction After Watching Shah Rukh Khan’s Raees Business of Cinema A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored How to use Fenugreek Seeds for Diabetes Practo Miss Universe beauty pageant kicks off in Manila Reuters Rahul announces Amarinder as Congress' in Punjab IANS India Private Limited The Travel Rewards From These 2 Cards Are Insane CreditCards.comSponsored Raees Heroine Mahira Khan In Santacruz, Mumbai! How did it happen? Spotboye India vs England, 1st T20I Stats: Virat Kohli’s unwanted record and Eoin Morgan’s milestone Sportskeeda Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» European Business A WEF sign hangs in the Congress Center as an attendee browses a mobile device between sessions during the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, on Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017. Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drug makers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50-million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. (Jason Alden/Bloomberg) A WEF sign hangs in the Congress Center as an attendee browses a mobile device between sessions during the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, on Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017. Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drug makers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50-million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. (Jason Alden/Bloomberg) Drug makers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Add to ... Ben Hirschler DAVOS, Switzerland — Reuters Published Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 6:47AM EST Last updated Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 6:49AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drug makers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50-million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programs or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 per cent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low– and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world’s largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. “It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can’t administer modern cancer medicines if you don’t have sophisticated lab facilities,” he told Reuters. “We’re going to institutionalize co-operation in this area.” Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50-million commitment – a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1-trillion a year – was just a start. “The $50-million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we’ll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious programme with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030,” he said. Report Typo/Error   GSK-NGlaxoSmithKline PLC Latest Price$38.73 -0.09 (-0.23%) NVS-NNovartis AG Latest Price$72.21 +0.30 (+0.42%) PFE-NPfizer Inc Latest Price$31.42 +0.14 (+0.45%) Updated January 27 4:01 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Great Canadian Innovations How the discovery of stem cells revolutionized medicine Valeant to sell $2.1-billion in assets to pay down debt Actavis UK raised drug prices 12,000 per cent, watchdog finds Topics Davos World Economic Forum Pharmaceuticals Asia Pfizer Inc. GlaxoSmithKline plc Latin America World Health Organization Novartis International AG Africa Sanofi-Aventis S.A. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing Investor Newsletter Little effort, big returns; REIT picks; and how many stocks you should own globe drive Montreal auto show is ‘first real electric-car’ exhibition as Quebec leads charge The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season News Mike Pence addresses Washington anti-abortion rally News Trump says he hopes for 'fantastic relationship' with Putin News Visit the Costa Rican holiday spot where Manitoba's premier spends his working vacations ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor At 36, single mom reaches debt-free goal. ‘It feels really good’ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ How to make big returns by doing nothing, REIT picks, and the number of stocks you should really own Trump suspends entry of Syrian refugees indefinitely GM to cut 625 jobs at Ontario plant, union says X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor By Reuters Published: 06:09 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 06:09 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail By Ben Hirschler DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 18 (Reuters) - Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50 million commitment - a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1 trillion a year - was just a start. "The $50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we'll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious programme with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030," he said. (Editing by Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Sectors Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Regions Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Events Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Jobs Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Directory Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Search Merck opens production facility exclusively for meglumine 19-Jan-2017 Europe | Ingredients | Manufacturing The facility in Spain produces only the FDA-approved excipient meglumine, ensuring continuous supply to customers Merck meglumine manufacturing plant, Spain Science and technology company Merck has announced the opening of a facility manufacturing meglumine in Mollet des Vallès. Meglumine is an amino sugar derived from glucose. It is an excipient for pharmaceuticals and a component of medical imaging contrast media. The FDA-validated facility is the only location in Europe that manufactures the substance. The facility is solely dedicated to the production of meglumine, as well as meeting increasing demand for the excipient. Meglumine interacts directly with active pharmaceutical ingredients to increase solubility. The manufacture of meglumine must meet the same stringent regulatory and quality requirements as APIs. It is particularly important that meglumine be manufactured in a high-quality, ICH Q7-compliant facility. The facility has been successfully audited by the FDA, as well as pharmaceutical companies. Our new facility was optimised around the manufacturing process to achieve greater efficiencies and meets the most stringent quality standards for manufacturing meglumine, said Andrew Bulpin, Head of Process Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation, Life Science. The result is a high level of confidence in quality and security of supply for our customers. Companies Merck Group Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles Merck adds polymers for sustained release injectables to ingredients portfolio Merck Millipore introduces Parteck SRP 80 excipient Good growth for ingredients, but costs could rise Merck KGaA passes EXCiPACT audit for certification as provider of excipients Problem-solving ingredients for complex drugs Related Press Releases Merck launches Parteck MXP excipient for increased solubility Merck Millipore expands its EMPROVE raw materials portfolio Related Jobs Ethiopia receives 14 million praziquantel tablets from Merck Merck appoints Maya Martinez-Davis as Global Head of Oncology Merck announces new biopharma heads for North America and China About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
Advert Saturday, January 28, 2017 13°C [Forecast]   Sign in or Create your Account Sign in Use your timesofmalta.com account to login: Email: Password: Create your Account Need help signing in? Or Sign in with Facebook or Google Times of Malta Homepage Advert Premium articles Popular stories Digital Archive e-Paper Subscribe to Premium Timestalk Video on Demand News National World Social & Personal Education Interview Environment Gozo Pictures Religion Videos Odd News Sport Football Formula 1 Basketball Waterpolo Horse Racing Shooting Rugby Tennis Athletics Business News International Market Analysis Comment Technology Features Consumer Affairs Comment Editorial Opinion Letters Blogs Cartoons Life Health & Fitness Features Fashion & Beauty Homes Motoring Escape Arts & Entertainment Travel Food & Drink Books Classifieds Property For Sale Property Wanted To Let Vehicles For Sale Situations Vacant For Sale More » Careers Finance and Legal Management IT and Engineering Sales and Marketing Services Digital Archive e-Paper Book Store Bonds Shares Sudoku Weather Webcam Letters to the editor Wednesday, January 18, 2017, 12:29 by Reuters Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Big pharma pledges $50m in 'seed funding' to fight cancer in the developing world CEO Joe Jimenez of Swiss drugmaker Novartis addresses the annual news conference at the company's headquarters in Basel, Switzerland. Photo: Reuters Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers have said they would invest an initial $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three-quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50 million commitment - a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1 trillion a year - was just a start. "The $50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we'll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious programme with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030," he said « Former US President George H.W. Bush hospitalised First freight train from China to Britain arrives in London » Advert See our Comments Policy Comments are submitted under the express understanding and condition that the editor may, and is authorised to, disclose any/all of the above personal information to any person or entity requesting the information for the purposes of legal action on grounds that such person or entity is aggrieved by any comment so submitted. Please allow some time for your comment to be moderated. Comments not loading? We recommend using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox with javascript turned on. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus   Advert Similar Stories Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to... Popular Stories Watch: 'Let him die,' onlookers shout as... 'It looks like the world is preparing... Torture works, says Donald Trump Watch: Video shows the moment a plane... 'Trump will get rid of you', man rages,... Girl, 16, stabbed German policeman at... Trump wants good relations with Russia,... Mexico President cancels US visit after... Theresa May to call for renewed special... The Strickland Foundation Advert X Popup Times of Malta Premium This article is part of our premium content. You have exceeded your 10 free articles for this month. A subscription is required to access Times of Malta content from overseas. Register to get 10 free articles per month. Subscribe to gain access to our premium content and services. Your subscription will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta), view exclusive content, have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, and access the website in full from overseas. All of this will also be available to you from our tablet and mobile apps. Already have an account? Sign in here. Subscribe to continue reading Send us your story | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | Print Ad Rate | Online Ad Rate | Contact us | Copyright © 2017 timesofmalta.com Copyright © Allied Newspapers Ltd., printed on - 28-01-2017 - Printed content is for personal use only, and should not be distributed
Search Latest Sport Lifestyle Politics Opinion Features Business Multimedia Traffic 20°C Phiyega challenges Claassen Inquiry’s findings – report Local African states consider mass withdrawal from war crimes court World Trump wants good relationship with Russia, May says sanctions should stay World [WATCH] Songs & celebrations: Thandi Klaasen's final farewell Local Stronger rand shielded consumers from higher fuel price hike - economists Local Police question Netanyahu for third time in criminal case World Trump to halt refugee flow from some Muslim-majority nations - official World Popular Topics US President Donald Trump Donald Trump African National Congress President Jacob Zuma View all in Latest Rafa Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream Federer final Sport Ponting predicts Australia will struggle in India Sport It's Williams vs Williams in Australia Sport [OPINION] The cherry picking by AB de Villiers Opinion United edge past spirited Hull to reach League Cup final Sport Barcelona thrash Real Sociedad to reach King's Cup semis Sport Blind cricketer: Representing SA is my dream Local Popular Topics Australian Open Proteas Rafa Nadal Roger Federer View all in Sport [WATCH] Songs & celebrations: Thandi Klaasen's final farewell Local Mariah Carey: Songwriting is very healing Lifestyle Shifting gears to driverless Business ANC urges SA to reflect on Lundi Tyamara’s contribution to music Local Madonna to adopt twins? Lifestyle Sun Met organisers aim to bring back fashion glitz & glamour Lifestyle Thandie Newton says she’s told her children about abuse ordeal Lifestyle [OPINION] Confessions of a confused capitalist Lifestyle Zuma sends condolences to Lundi Tyamara’s family Local Mbeki praises Thandi Klaasen for 'outstanding service' to South Africans Local View all in Lifestyle #RandReport: Rand falls on cabinet reshuffle report Local Draft SABC report: Muthambi, affected parties given 2 weeks to respond Local ANC: DA’s walk out of SABC inquiry unfortunate Politics DA slams exclusion of recommendations in draft SABC report Local Analysts: Will Dlamini-Zuma win the confidence of her alliance back home? Local City of Joburg: ANC administration didn't probe wasteful expenditure Politics DA to hand evidence of alleged corruption against Phahlane to Ipid Local Popular Topics African National Congress African National Congress ANC Sihle Bolani Paid Twitter debacle View all in Politics [OPINION] The first step to Africa’s prosperity – saving children’s lives World [OPINION] The cherry picking by AB de Villiers Opinion [OPINION] Erdogan on a mission to win over allies World [OPINION] What Ford SA should’ve done to protect its reputation Business [OPINION] Obama could have done more for Africa World [OPINION] Five things I learned from Davos 2017 Business [OPINION] Gambia serves as African success story World Popular Topics World Economic Forum Davos Donald Trump Global economy View all in Opinion [MAP] Fires wreak havoc across Western Cape Local World Economic Forum 2017 Matric Results 2016 2016: A look at the year in news Local [LIVE BLOG] ANC NEC briefing Local [LIVE BLOG] Black Friday fever hits SA Local Understanding municipal politics: Exploring fruitless & wasteful expenditure Local Municipal Spending: The key factors Local SA's worst wasters: The 20 most wasteful municipalities Local [LIVE BLOG] #USElections2016: Trump wins race for White House World View all in Features Stronger rand shielded consumers from higher fuel price hike - economists Local Shifting gears to driverless Business #RandReport: Rand falls on cabinet reshuffle report Local Zimbabwe’s CZI to push for adoption of rand Business Fuel price increase announced Local Former VW CEO 'may have known of cheating sooner' Business Stats SA announces changes to consumer price index basket Business Popular Topics World Economic Forum Eskom National Union of Mineworkers Davos View all in Business Video [WATCH] Songs & celebrations: Thandi Klaasen's final farewell [WATCH] Presidential lip reading [WATCH] Cricket's blind ambition Audio [LISTEN] Here’s how your kids can learn for free online & get airtime [LISTEN] Organisations raise concerns about Fica Bill [LISTEN] How to empower children against underage drinking Infographics It's Williams vs Williams in Australia In the words of the 45th US president The bones of contention around Donald Trump Cartoons [CARTOON] Comradely banter [CARTOON] Fabricating words [CARTOON] Said the communist to the capitalist... View all in Multimedia View all in Traffic Johannesburg Cape Town Pretoria Vereeniging Durban Plettenberg Bay Paarl Strand Rustenburg Bloemfontein Nelspruit George 20°C / 22°C Sat 24°C 14°C Sun 26°C 14°C Mon 24°C 16°C Tue 25°C 16°C Wed 26°C 15°C Thu 25°C 15°C Sat 23°C 16°C Sun 23°C 15°C Mon 22°C 16°C Tue 25°C 14°C Wed 26°C 16°C Thu 25°C 17°C Sat 25°C 15°C Sun 28°C 13°C Mon 26°C 18°C Tue 28°C 18°C Wed 28°C 16°C Thu 27°C 16°C Sat 26°C 13°C Sun 28°C 10°C Mon 28°C 16°C Tue 25°C 17°C Wed 28°C 17°C Thu 28°C 14°C Sat 27°C 22°C Sun 26°C 22°C Mon 29°C 22°C Tue 27°C 23°C Wed 28°C 22°C Thu 28°C 23°C Sat 21°C 16°C Sun 21°C 15°C Mon 20°C 16°C Tue 21°C 15°C Wed 22°C 15°C Thu 22°C 18°C Sat 24°C 12°C Sun 25°C 13°C Mon 24°C 14°C Tue 29°C 13°C Wed 29°C 15°C Thu 30°C 15°C Sat 21°C 15°C Sun 21°C 15°C Mon 20°C 14°C Tue 23°C 14°C Wed 24°C 15°C Thu 25°C 16°C Sat 28°C 17°C Sun 29°C 15°C Mon 27°C 19°C Tue 27°C 18°C Wed 27°C 18°C Thu 28°C 16°C Sat 27°C 12°C Sun 31°C 12°C Mon 33°C 15°C Tue 30°C 18°C Wed 31°C 17°C Thu 32°C 20°C Sat 29°C 17°C Sun 26°C 18°C Mon 28°C 18°C Tue 26°C 18°C Wed 28°C 15°C Thu 29°C 15°C Sat 21°C 13°C Sun 23°C 11°C Mon 19°C 14°C Tue 21°C 13°C Wed 22°C 14°C Thu 21°C 16°C Go #WEF2017: Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor 22 companies, including Pfizer, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. Snowflakes cling to a World Economic Forum sign on the streets of Davos, Switzerland on the first day of the forum on 17 January 2017. PIcture: Reinart Toerien/EWN. World Economic Forum WEF World Economic Forum 2017 WEF 2017 AIDS epidemic Email Print Tweet Share Reuters | 10 days ago DAVOS, SWITZERLAND - Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drug makers said on Wednesday they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programs or the roll-out of anti-malarial bed nets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanized populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70% of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organisation. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. For more news, analysis and insights on Davos 2017 go to EWN’s WEF portal in partnership with Ashburton Investments. Timeline Shifting gears to driverless 9 hours ago [OPINION] Confessions of a confused capitalist 13 hours ago Here's how robots are going to change employment 14 hours ago How North Korea’s secret internet works 2 days ago More in World African states consider mass withdrawal from war crimes court 7 hours ago Trump wants good relationship with Russia, May says sanctions should stay 7 hours ago Police question Netanyahu for third time in criminal case 9 hours ago Trump to halt refugee flow from some Muslim-majority nations - official 9 hours ago EU pushes to break deadlock on migration 10 hours ago AU Summit an opportunity for AfDB to reaffirm AU partnership 10 hours ago Comments EWN welcomes all comments that are constructive, contribute to discussions in a meaningful manner and take stories forward. However, we will NOT condone the following: - Racism (including offensive comments based on ethnicity and nationality) - Sexism - Homophobia - Religious intolerance - Cyber bullying - Hate speech - Derogatory language - Comments inciting violence. We ask that your comments remain relevant to the articles they appear on and do not include general banter or conversation as this dilutes the effectiveness of the comments section. We strive to make the EWN community a safe and welcoming space for all. EWN reserves the right to: 1) remove any comments that do not follow the above guidelines; and, 2) ban users who repeatedly infringe the rules. Should you find any comments upsetting or offensive you can also flag them and we will assess it against our guidelines. EWN is constantly reviewing its comments policy in order to create an environment conducive to constructive conversations. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus On Air Latest bulletin GAUTENG CAPE TOWN KFM Latest traffic report CAPE TOWN GAUTENG KFM Trending on EWN #RandReport: Rand falls on cabinet reshuffle report ANC: DA’s walk out of SABC inquiry unfortunate Phiyega challenges Claassen Inquiry’s findings – report Zimbabwe’s CZI to push for adoption of rand ‘Lundi Tyamara went through a lot in his time’ Let the news come to you. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. Local World Politics Sport Business Entertainment Opinion Features Video Audio iWitness EWN Apps Breaking News Alerts Traffic EWN.Mobi Newsletter Signups RSS Feeds EWN Whatsapp Alerts Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Comments Policy COPYRIGHT 2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Terms & Conditions Choose an EWN Twitter account Follow @ewnreporter Follow @ewnupdates Follow @ewnsport Follow @ewntraffic Choose an EWN app iOS Android
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Find Company: 23abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Panacea inks pact with UNICEF, gets USFDA nod for migraine drug PTI   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New Delhi, Jan 18:   Panacea Biotec has inked a pact with UNICEF for the supply of Pentavalent Vaccine (Easyfive-TT) in the current year. The company has also received a notification from Pan American Health Organisation (PAHO) for the purchase of Easyfive-TT vaccine in the event the agency should have any requirements through December, 31, 2019. “Total value of this expected business from UN Agencies is worth $20.475 million equivalent to around Rs 140 crore based on current exchange rate,” Panacea Biotec said in a statement. Besides, the company has received approval from the US health regulator to market a generic version of Merck & Co’s Maxalt-MLT tablets, used in treating migraine, in the American market. Commenting on the developments, Panacea Biotec Joint Managing Director Rajesh Jain said that another product approval by USFDA and UN Agencies business would help the company to grow in a sustainable manner in mid to long term. The company has received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) to market its generic product to treat migraine in strengths of 5 and 10 mg, Panacea Biotec said in a statement. Panacea’s product is equivalent to Merck & Co’s Maxalt-MLT tablets. The drug has annual sales of around $60 million in the US market. “The company plans to launch the product within first quarter of 2017 through its distribution partner in the US,” Panacea said. The company recently got approval for its anti-cancer formulation facility from USFDA in November 2016, it added. Panacea shares were trading higher by 18.81 per cent at Rs 150 on the BSE. (This article was published on January 18, 2017) Related Companies  »  Panacea Biotec Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Mystery Behind Mistry's Exit more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Pact with Honda is the ‘best marriage’: Yamaha CEO JSW Steel in talks with bankers to take control of Bhushan Steel ITC’s Q3 net profit rises 6 per cent to ₹2,647 crore Maruti launches new variant of WagonR starting at Rs 4.7 lakh Driverless buses may soon hit Indian roads Vijay Mallya accuses government of witch-hunt Mallya hits back at SEBI allegations, calls them a ‘joke’ HOEC seeks to re-open dormant Bay of Bengal oil field Tata Steel close to resolving UK worker-pension issue India Cements posts ₹35-crore profit in Q3 DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures LATEST NEWS Congress opportunistic, a thing of the past, says Modi Pollen Collection Chamber in Coimbatore sbiINTOUCH branch in Bengaluru PSU oil companies, Andhra Pradesh govt ink pacts All TN districts to come under ESI Act soon More » From Business Wire Dr G N Rao inducted to Ophthalmology hall of fame IIM Calcutta and NIIT Imperia announce fresh batch for Advanced Program for Marketing Professionals (APMP) DTDC launched its new brand campaign; reiterates its brand positioning of 'Going Beyond the Parcel' Murex named Market Risk Technology Vendor of the year Global advantages of Fairfax County is theme of February events in Hyderabad and Bangalore for SMAC, cyber firms O P E N close Recent Article in Companies ‘TAL’s industrial robot addresses skilled workforce scarcity’ Amit Bhingurde, COO of TAL Manufacturing Solutions Ltd (TAL), explains the introduction of industrial robotics in the country, amidst... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportDefenceTech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals ET Home›Industry›Healthcare/Biotech›Pharmaceuticals 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Panacea inks pact with UNICEF,gets USFDA nod for migraine drug By PTI | Updated: Jan 18, 2017, 02.22 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » USFDA | UNICEF | Panacea | migraine drug Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW DELHI: Drug firm Panacea Biotec today said it has inked a pact with UNICEF for supply of Pentavalent Vaccine (Easyfive-TT) in the current year. The company has also received a notification from Pan American Health Organisation (PAHO) for purchase of Easyfive-TT vaccine in the event the agency should have any requirements through December, 31, 2019. "Total value of this expected business from UN Agencies is worth USD 20.475 million equivalent to around Rs 140 crore based on current exchange rate," Panacea Biotec said in a statement. Besides, the company has received approval from the US health regulator to market a generic version of Merck & Co's Maxalt-MLT tablets, used in treating migraine, in the American market. Commenting on the developments, Panacea Biotec Joint Managing Director Rajesh Jain said that another product approval by USFDA and UN Agencies business would help the company to grow in a sustainable manner in mid to long term. The Capital-based firm has received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) to market its generic product to treat migraine in strenghts of 5 and 10 mg, Panacea Biotec said in a statement. Panacea's product is equivalent to Merck & Co's Maxalt-MLT tablets. The drug has annual sales for around USD 60 million in the US market. "The company plans to launch the product within first quarter of 2017 through its distribution partner in the US," Panacea said. The company recently got approval of its anti-cancer formulation facility from USFDA in November 2016, it added. Panacea shares were trading at Rs 145 apiece on the BSE, up 14.85 per cent from the previous close. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » USFDA | UNICEF | Panacea | migraine drug To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Loss making Indian Railways to rent out hill trains to private players Modi government plans to revive British-era gold mines with $2 billion worth of deposits HDFC Bank to deploy 20 humanoids in its branches in next 2 years Rs 1,400 crore may fizz out of Coca-Cola, PepsiCo coffers as Tamil Nadu traders mulling to ban products In big boost to Modi's power push, Adani sets up world's largest solar plant in India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor By Reuters Published: 00:03 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 00:03 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail By Ben Hirschler DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 18 (Reuters) - Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programmes or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanised populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fuelled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalise cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. (Editing by Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Davos | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 9:11am EST Drugmakers in Davos shift focus to chronic diseases of poor By Ben Hirschler | DAVOS, Switzerland DAVOS, Switzerland Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said on Wednesday they would invest an initial $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline, will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. In the past, the focus of healthcare in poorer parts of the world has been on fighting infectious diseases, whether through vaccinations, drug programs or the roll-out of anti-malarial bednets. Today, however, the healthcare burden is shifting as deaths from these conditions decline and people in increasingly urbanized populations succumb to diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and heart and lung disorders fueled by Western lifestyles. Such non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for nearly 70 percent of all deaths worldwide and almost three quarters of them occur in low- and middle-income countries, according to the World Health Organization. Severin Schwan, the chief executive of Roche, the world's largest maker of cancer drugs, said his company and others were already implementing preferential pricing for the developing world but cost was only one obstacle. Countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America also need improved healthcare systems if patients are to benefit from the latest developments in medicine. "It has a lot to do with hospital infrastructure. You can't administer modern cancer medicines if you don't have sophisticated lab facilities," he told Reuters. "We're going to institutionalize cooperation in this area." Cancer is the initial focus and drug companies will work with the Union for International Cancer Control to test out new diagnostics and treatments in several cities around the world on a pilot basis. Sanofi CEO Olivier Brandicourt said the $50 million commitment - a relatively small sum for an industry with global sales of around $1 trillion a year - was just a start. "The $50 million is more like seeding funding, if you want, and based on the results we'll gather afterwards we will have a more ambitious program with more stakeholders between 2020 and 2030," he said. (Editing by Mark Potter) Next In Davos No longer 'rising', Africa pushed to the margin at Davos DAVOS, Switzerland In this Swiss Alps town where the global elite have gathered to debate the world's problems, there seems to be little room on the radar for Africa, a continent of over a billion people where a commodity-fueled growth boom has soured with a vengeance. World trade chief warns against 'talking ourselves into a crisis' DAVOS, Switzerland The world should be wary of stumbling into trade wars that would destroy jobs, World Trade Organization Director-General Roberto Azevedo said on Friday. BOJ Kuroda: Steady U.S. growth may push up rates, dollar DAVOS, Switzerland Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Friday U.S. economic growth and inflation may accelerate in coming years, which may push up interest rates and the value of the dollar. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Swiss stocks - Factors to watch on Jan 18 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States FRB | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 2:02am EST Swiss stocks - Factors to watch on Jan 18 ZURICH Jan 18 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.25 percent higher at 8,325 points on Wednesday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer. The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks: NOVARTIS, ROCHE Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle AIDS in Africa, global drugmakers said they would invest $50 million over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Novartis , Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline , will contribute funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. For more news click SWISS WATCHMAKERS Swiss watchmakers expect to at least stabilise sales this year after two years of decline as the important Chinese and U.S. markets show signs of turning the corner, executives said at an industry event on Tuesday. ABB The power and industrial automation maker sees 2017 as a transitional year with growth picking up in 2018 in the energy sector, Chief Executive Ulrich Spiesshofer said in an interview with CNBC. For more news, click COMPANY STATEMENTS * Helvetia CEO Philipp Gmuer told Finanz und Wirtschaft the insurer has around 200 million Swiss francs ($199.3 million)of its own funds for possible acquisitions. Helvetia also has options as a listed company to raise funds, he said, adding that the company wants to grow especially in Germany and Spain. * Emmi said it has signed an agreement to buy Italian Fresh Foods S.p.A. (IFF), based in Lasnigo, Como in Italy and which manufactures and markets Italian desserts. IFF generates sales of almost 20 million euros, 85 percent of which comes from outside Italy, Emmi said. * Kudelski announced the acquisition of Dallas-based M&S Technologies, Inc., a specialist provider of cyber and network security solutions. ECONOMY ($1 = 1.0034 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Zurich newsroom) Next In FRB Trump signs order to keep out some refugees, prioritize Syrian Christians President Donald Trump on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred visitors from Syria and some other Muslim-majority countries, saying the moves would help protect Americans from terrorist attacks. Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. Trump has 'friendly' call with Mexican leader but he demands change WASHINGTON The presidents of the United States and Mexico spoke by phone on Friday after relations between the neighboring countries frayed further over Donald Trump's border wall plan, with the U.S. leader calling the talk friendly but still demanding reworked trade and other ties. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com American College of Pediatricians warns: HPV vaccine causes ovarian failure Tuesday, January 17, 2017 by: Robert Jonathan Tags: Gardasil, STDs, vaccines (Natural News) A new warning has emerged about the use of Gardasil, a vaccine for the human papilloma virus (HPV). Gardasil (a four-strain HPV vaccine, or HPV4), is typically administered to both boys and girls as young as age 11 to prevent the sexually transmitted disease. Developed by Merck, Gardasil received FDA approval in 2006. The disease did not become of concern until the 1980s, when research first suggested that there may be a connection between HPV and cervical cancer. However, whether this link actually exists has been a major point of contention. (RELATED: Learn more about the science fraud behind vaccine marketing at Vaccines.news) As Natural News previously explained, the vaccine has reportedly been linked to severe complications such as cervical cysts, autoimmune diseases, and harm to women’s ovaries. Natural News has also detailed how one of the developers of the HPV vaccine has now disavowed the inoculation, given that that cervical cancer risk is extremely low in the U.S. and that 90 percent of all HPV apparently infections clear up on their own within two years. According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Gardasil, Gardasil 9, and Cervarix are all safe and effective. The American College of Pediatricians apparently is apparently not so sure. In a statement primarily written by Scott S. Field, MD, the organization cautioned that there may be an association between the HPV vaccine and premature ovarian failure (POF), which is also known as premature menopause. The statement indicates that the POF cases are very rare, however. “Since licensure of Gardasil in 2006, there have been about 213 VAERS reports…involving amenorrhea, POF or premature menopause, 88% of which have been associated with Gardasil,” the statement asserts. VAERS is the CDC’s Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System. Amenorrhea is the absence of menstruation. The statement also points out that family doctors are probably unaware of the possible link between HPV and premature ovarian failure and therefore may be not be reporting such cases to the CDC’s VAERS network, which could mean that the condition is more widespread. The pediatricians’ organization statement also calls attention to the issue that before the vaccine was brought to market, “long-term ovarian function was not assessed in either the original rat safety studies or in the human vaccine trials.” Another issue with Gardasil is a possible flaw in the pre-release safety trials in that the vaccine and the placebo both contained polysorbate 80. The placebo also contained aluminum adjuvant. “Therefore, if such ingredients could cause ovarian dysfunction, an increase in amenorrhea probably would not have been detected in the placebo controlled trials. ” The College also noted that many of the young girls in the trials were on birth control, “which can mask ovarian dysfunction including amenorrhea and ovarian failure. Thus, a causal relationship between human papillomavirus vaccines (if not Gardasil specifically) and ovarian dysfunction cannot be ruled out at this time.” The ACP statement calls for additional studies of the effects of Gardasil on rats, further CCD review of the appropriate VAERS reports, and alerting primary care doctors of the possible linkage between HPV and amenorrhea. The feds say that are are monitoring the situation and plan to conduct additional safety studies. As part of the draining the swamp effort, President-elect Trump has named Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a vaccine skeptic, to a committee to study vaccine safety. The committee will have its hands full, in part because the mainstream media, or what Health Ranger Mike Adams calls the “fakestream media,” accepts everything from Big Pharma at face value. Moreover, a movement appears to be underway for more states to require mandatory HPV vaccinations for pre-teens or teens. Against that backdrop, parents might be well advised to study the American College of Pediatricians statement and review the many articles here on the Natural News website to make an informed decision, along with their healthcare provider, as to what is best for their family. Stay informed about medical science news from an independent source at Medicine.news. Sources: CircleofDocs.com Acpeds.org CDC.gov NaturalNews.com   Previous :Four more government officials charged in Flint water crisis Next : KFC’s new facial recognition system a disturbing cocktail of the surveillance state and a toxic food supply laced with MSG 100% authentic hemp extract with CBD Authentic, honest and scientifically validated using breakthrough science.  IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Gardasil American College of Pediatricians warns: HPV vaccine causes ovarian failure Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-17-american-college-of-pediatricians-hpv-vaccine-causes-ovarian-failure.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-17-american-college-of-pediatricians-hpv-vaccine-causes-ovarian-failure.html">American College of Pediatricians warns: HPV vaccine causes ovarian failure</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com Autoimmune disease solutions revealed - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com Political Darwinism explains why Leftist ideology is rapidly going extinct… failed ideas are weeded out while natural competition produces winners (and losers) - NaturalNews.com Heavy metals scientist challenges vaccine promoters to drink mercury to prove it’s safe to inject into children - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com How antidepressants ruin your natural serotonin so you can never be happy again ... without your pills President Trump silences EPA climate change propaganda ... real scientists rejoice - NaturalNews.com Five ingredients that poison your brain Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com 1984 is here: Samsung admits its TVs might spy on you, warns against carrying out sensitive conversations George Soros: the self-proclaimed ‘God’ who should be in prison - NaturalNews.com Measles outbreak in L.A. proves vaccine mandates don’t work (but they do create a medical police state) - NaturalNews.com The Nobel Prize has become meaningless; it’s nothing more than a fake award handed out to those who conspire with globalists - NaturalNews.com Study links aluminum from geoengineering to accelerating decline in bee populations - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com The ten false fears of the unhinged left that have transformed once-productive citizens into quivering mounds of Trump-a-noia - NaturalNews.com President Trump just banned federal funding of abortions - NaturalNews.com Scientists shocked to learn that shingles vaccines can transform vaccinated people into “carriers” who spread infectious disease - NaturalNews.com China dumping U.S. Treasury debt in record volume… is this a prelude to the globalist assault on Trump’s economy? - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump the first President in decades to finally take aim at Big Pharma’s monopolistic drug cartel - NaturalNews.com Beware: US salmon may be crawling with Japanese tapeworm, say scientists - NaturalNews.com WINNING: Ten highly effective ways President Trump and Kellyanne Conway can win the war against the dishonest, America-hating left-wing news cartels - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects Why President Trump should issue an Interpol arrest warrant for George Soros - NaturalNews.com Fake news: Mainstream media already caught reporting 3 lies on President Trump’s first day - NaturalNews.com CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com A NEW HOPE: Ten of the best and boldest ideas for President Trump to MAGA while prosecuting the real enemies of this great nation - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com Panic attacks, anxiety linked to low vitamin B and iron levels: Study Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Forbes.com hit piece on Natural News backfires: Health Ranger confirmed as world’s most powerful foe of corporate science fraud - NaturalNews.com The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com Walking your children home from school and driving while caffeinated are now felony crimes in police state America - NaturalNews.com Two of the world’s most evil people – Bill Gates and George Soros – behind Facebook’s news censorship agenda - NaturalNews.com Electoral voter death threats backfire: Hillary Clinton loses four, Donald Trump wins in an electoral landslide - NaturalNews.com Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients How the mainstream media’s “fake news” undermines democracy and protects the corrupt establishment: new mini-documentary by the Health Ranger - NaturalNews.com Obama trying to start WWIII before Jan. 20; feds “probe” Drudge Report with DDoS attack; NaturalNews and InfoWars targeted for cyber attack take downs - NaturalNews.com TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Draining the Pharma swamp: Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma’s monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding for government drug purchase contracts - NaturalNews.com Citizen video DESTROYS “fake news” narrative of mainstream media: Must-see commentary - NaturalNews.com 10 brands of baby wipes recalled due to pneumonia-causing bacteria contamination The only prediction that really matters for 2017: The global debt collapse begins, followed by the rise of fascist, totalitarian government - NaturalNews.com The top 10 most outrageous science hoaxes of 2016 - NaturalNews.com Kanye West had a breakdown because he altered his mind-altering medications - NaturalNews.com Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Five ingredients that poison your brain Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Globalist war against humanity shifts into high gear: Cars, cash, literature and independent news all targeted for elimination 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night Health News 25 Powerful Anti-Inflammatory Herbs and Spices (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago From Anxiety to Addiction: The Top 10 Uses of CBD Oil (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago Garlic and Raw Milk Treat Pneumonia, Asthma, Insomnia, Cough, Arthritis, and Cardiac Problems (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 8 Hours Ago 5 Food Ingredients That Damage Your Brain (Blogs.naturalnews.com) De-Stress Your Life (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 10 Magnesium Oil Benefits (How to make your own magnesium oil) (Blogs.naturalnews.com) AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Exxon Mobil, Merck Weigh on DJIA Thursday By Paul Ausick January 19, 2017 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet January 19, 2017: Markets opened slightly higher Thursday as investors appear to be waiting to what President-elect Donald Trump has to say in his inauguration speech on Friday. Only the industrials and telecom sectors posted gains Thursday while real estate and utilities lagged. WTI crude oil for February delivery settled at $51.37 a barrel, up about 0.6% on the day. February gold dropped 0.9% on the day to settle at $1,201.50. Equities were headed for a lower close close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.43% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.43%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.32%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Thursday was Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) which traded down about 1.94% at $84.61. The stock’s 52-week range is $72.61 to $95.55. Volume was about 15% above the daily average of around 11 million shares. The company had no specific news. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded down 1.51% at $60.24. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97 to $65.46. Volume was nearly 20% lower than the daily average of around 11 million shares. The company had no specific news Thursday. The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded down 1.23% at $231.40. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $247.77. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 4.1 million shares. The company had no specific news. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) traded down 1.14% at $31.66. The stock’s 52-week range is $28.25 to $37.39. Volume was about 35% below the daily average of around 27.6 million shares. The company had no specific news Thursday. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 8 are on track to close higher Thursday and 22 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why So Many Analysts Are Upgrading Netflix After Earnings IBM Falls on Earnings Beat, Soft Revenue » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular America's Best States to Live In States Where Poverty Is Worse Than You Think American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 States With the Best (and Worst) Schools Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? AstraZeneca's Symbicort Granted Pediatric Exclusivity by FDA U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion 3 Quotes from the CEO of Shopify Inc that Every Investor Needs to Read Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa 50 Groups To Learn About If You’re Committed To Intersectional Feminism Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market - LATAM Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 By Published: Jan 19, 2017 2:50 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Jan. 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- This report on the pharmaceutical products and CMO market analyzes the current and future market scenario in Latin America. Most pharmaceutical companies are gradually outsourcing manufacturing activities to contract manufacturers in order to achieve efficiencies in cost, quality, capacity, and time to market or to obtain specific expertise in particular business category, which is not available in-house. Moreover, increasing cost pressures, cost benefits, and inclination of pharmaceutical companies to focus on core competencies such as R&D and marketing has created a need for pharmaceutical contract manufacturing outsourcing. The Latin America pharmaceutical products and CMO market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot that provides information about various segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the market with respect to the segments based on product type and countries. A detailed qualitative analysis of drivers and restraints of the market and opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. In addition, the section comprises Porters Five Forces Analysis for the CMO market in order to understand the competitive landscape in the market. This section of the report also provides market attractiveness analysis by country, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the pharmaceutical products and CMO market in Latin America. Based on product type, the market has been segmented into API and ingredients, finished dosage form (FDF), and pharmaceutical packaging. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on available approved drugs, prevalence of the diseases, available patent of drugs, regulatory access, and geographical coverage in LATAM. The market size and forecast for each of these segments have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Geographically, the pharmaceutical products and CMO market in Latin America has been categorized into five major countries: Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Venezuela, and Rest of Latin America. The market size and forecast for each of these countries have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. The research study also covers the competitive scenario in these regions. The report also profiles major players in the pharmaceutical and CMO market in the region based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Bayer AG, Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., GSK plc, F. Hofmann La Roche, BASF SE, Boehringer Ingelheim Group, Pisa Farmacéutica, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Ferring Pharmaceuticals, and Inc., Landsteiner Scientific. The pharmaceutical products and CMO Market in Latin America has been segmented as given below: LATAM Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market, by Product Type API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging LATAM Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market, by Country Brazil API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Mexico API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Venezuela API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Argentina API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Rest of Latin America API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4239931/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.comTel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharmaceutical-products-and-cmo-market---latam-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300393779.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market - LATAM Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 19, 2017, 14:50 ET Share this article LONDON, Jan. 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- This report on the pharmaceutical products and CMO market analyzes the current and future market scenario in Latin America. Most pharmaceutical companies are gradually outsourcing manufacturing activities to contract manufacturers in order to achieve efficiencies in cost, quality, capacity, and time to market or to obtain specific expertise in particular business category, which is not available in-house. Moreover, increasing cost pressures, cost benefits, and inclination of pharmaceutical companies to focus on core competencies such as R&D and marketing has created a need for pharmaceutical contract manufacturing outsourcing. The Latin America pharmaceutical products and CMO market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot that provides information about various segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the market with respect to the segments based on product type and countries. A detailed qualitative analysis of drivers and restraints of the market and opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. In addition, the section comprises Porters Five Forces Analysis for the CMO market in order to understand the competitive landscape in the market. This section of the report also provides market attractiveness analysis by country, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the pharmaceutical products and CMO market in Latin America. Based on product type, the market has been segmented into API and ingredients, finished dosage form (FDF), and pharmaceutical packaging. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on available approved drugs, prevalence of the diseases, available patent of drugs, regulatory access, and geographical coverage in LATAM. The market size and forecast for each of these segments have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Geographically, the pharmaceutical products and CMO market in Latin America has been categorized into five major countries: Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Venezuela, and Rest of Latin America. The market size and forecast for each of these countries have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. The research study also covers the competitive scenario in these regions. The report also profiles major players in the pharmaceutical and CMO market in the region based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Bayer AG, Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., GSK plc, F. Hofmann La Roche, BASF SE, Boehringer Ingelheim Group, Pisa Farmacéutica, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Ferring Pharmaceuticals, and Inc., Landsteiner Scientific. The pharmaceutical products and CMO Market in Latin America has been segmented as given below: LATAM Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market, by Product Type API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging LATAM Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market, by Country Brazil API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Mexico API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Venezuela API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Argentina API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Rest of Latin America API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4239931/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharmaceutical-products-and-cmo-market---latam-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300393779.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Jan 19, 2017, 14:54 ET Preview: Consumer and Market Insights: Wine market in UK Jan 19, 2017, 14:50 ET Preview: Global Ethylene Market By End Use, By Region, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2011 - 2025 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 26, 2017, 21:26 ETNorth America Mobile and Wireless Backhaul Equipment and Services... Jan 26, 2017, 19:21 ETGlobal After Sunburn Care Products Market 2017-2021 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market - LATAM Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 19, 2017, 14:50 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Publishing & Information Services | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research New Review Describes the use of Safinamide in Parkinson's Disease Download image LONDON, January 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- New Review of Safinamide - A New Therapeutic Option to Address Motor Symptoms and Motor Complications in Mid- to Late-stage Parkinson's Disease      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276718LOGO ) C Warren Olanow, Fabrizio Stocchi, European Neurological Review,2016;11(Suppl. 2): 2-15, http://www.touchneurology.com/articles/safinamide-new-therapeutic-option-address-motor-symptoms-and-motor-complications-mid-late Published recently in a supplement to European Neurological Review the peer-reviewed journal from touchNEUROLOGY, C Warren Olanow  et al, discusses a new therapeutic option in Parkinson's disease (PD). Levodopa is the cornerstone of therapy for PD and remains the most effective treatment available. Over time, however, the beneficial motor response to levodopa gradually shortens (this is known as 'wearing off') and motor complications (motor fluctuations and dyskinesias) increasingly affect so-called 'on-time'. The risk of developing motor complications is strongly linked to levodopa dose, independently of other predictive factors including disease severity. This provides a strong rationale for using other drugs, either alone or in combination with low-dose levodopa, to preserve the efficacy of levodopa for as long as possible. Several classes of drugs, including dopamine agonists, catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitors, and monoamine oxidase B (MAO-B) inhibitors, are used as add-ons to levodopa, but all have significant drawbacks. Recently, safinamide (Xadago®) was approved for the treatment of PD patients as an add-on therapy to levodopa alone or in combination with other PD agents in mid- to late-stage fluctuating patients. Safinamide has a dual mechanism of action that includes modulation of dopaminergic metabolism through selective, reversible inhibition of MAO-B, and blockade of voltage and use-dependent sodium (Na+) channels, leading to inhibition of stimulated glutamate release. This article reviews the pathophysiology of PD and current treatment options, together with a comprehensive discussion of the pharmacokinetic, preclinical and clinical data relating to safinamide, including results from the 016/018 and the Safinamide in Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease With Motor Fluctuations, as add-on to Levodopa (SETTLE) studies and exploratory post hoc analyses. In these pivotal studies, safinamide 50-100 mg/day demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of motor fluctuations and motor symptoms in stabilised levodopa patients (improving the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale III score, and motor complications, as indicated by a significant reduction versus placebo in the primary endpoint of on-time without troublesome dyskinesias). Safinamide treatment was also effective for improving other motor complications (such as 'off-time', early-morning akinesia), motor symptoms, non-motor symptoms, activities of daily living and quality of life. These effects have been proved in the short term (six months) and maintained in the long term (24 months). Together, the data suggest that safinamide could be an appropriate choice as a first-line add-on therapy to levodopa in PD patients experiencing motor fluctuations. The full peer-reviewed, open-access article is available here: http://www.touchneurology.com/articles/safinamide-new-therapeutic-option-address-motor-symptoms-and-motor-complications-mid-late Disclosure: Fabrizio Stocchi receives consultant fees and honoraria for educational symposia from Zambon and has been a consultant to TEVA, Novartis, GSK, Lundbeck, Merck Serono, MSD, UCB, Chiesi Pharma, IMPAX, Newron, Zambon and Britannia. C. Warren Olanow receives consultant fees from Abbvie, Addex, Lundbeck, Newron, Novartis, Teva, Zambon. He is on the board for Michael J Fox Foundation, National Space Board Research Institute, Zambon. He has stock in Clintrex which provides consulting services for AstraZeneca, Accorda/Civitas, Biotie, Britannia, Corium, Cynapsus, Cytokinetics, Dart, EMD Serono, Flex, Forward, GeNeuro, Intec, Jazz, Melior, Michael J Fox Foundation, Lundbeck, Lysosomal Therapeutics, Medday, Neuroderm, Neuromedix, Neuropore, Osmotica, Otonomy, Otsuka/INC, Pfizer, Pharma2B, Prana, Raptor, Remedy, Sanofi/Genzyme, Serina, Sunovion, Synagile, Teva, Titan, Ultragenyx, Upsher Smith, US WorldMeds, Vaccinex, Weston Foundation. Note to the Editor touchNEUROLOGY (a division of Touch Medical Media) publishes European Neurological Review, a peer-reviewed, open access, bi-annual journal specialising in the publication of balanced and comprehensive review articles written by leading authorities to address the most important and salient developments in the field of neurology. The aim of these reviews is to break down the high science from 'data-rich' primary papers and provide practical advice and opinion on how this information can help physicians in the day to day clinical setting. Practice guidelines, symposium write-ups, case reports, and original research articles are also featured to promote discussion and learning amongst physicians, clinicians, researchers and related healthcare professionals. http://www.touchNEUROLOGY.com For inquires please contact: Carla Denaro - Managing Editor T: +44 (0) 207 193 6093 managingeditor@touchmedicalmedia.com Providing practical opinion to support best practice for busy healthcare professionals. SOURCE touchNEUROLOGY More by this Source New Review Explores Safinamide’s Unique Dual Mechanism of Action in Parkinson’s Disease 19 Jan, 2017, 13:15 GMT Tailored Temperature Management in Neurocritical Care 17 Jan, 2017, 13:15 GMT New Possibilities for B Cell Targeted Therapy in Multiple Sclerosis 17 Jan, 2017, 13:00 GMT View all news by touchNEUROLOGY Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Publishing & Information Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market Global Industry Analysis 2016- 2024 : Increasing Prevalence of the Cancer Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market Global Industry Analysis 2016- 2024 : Increasing Prevalence of the Cancer Posted on January 19, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/18/2017 — Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market: Overview The immune system of human body depends on multiple checkpoints or immunological breaks, which avoid over-activation of the healthy cells or immune system. Tumor or cancerous cells often take advantage of these checkpoints to escape detection and fight against immune system. To struggle against such cancer cells, the focus of the scientists and drug developers is gradually diverting towards immunotherapeutics, which makes use of the body's own immune system or its components to fight cancer. The developers have attained successful results with targeted based therapeutics including conjugated and monoclonal antibodies, but there has been a surge of interest in other classes of immunotherapeutics to treat and manage cancer, including immune checkpoint inhibitors, whole cell based therapies and therapeutic cancer vaccines. On the basis of immune checkpoint inhibitors currently used for treating and management of cancer, the market can be differentiated in two segments which are as follows: CLTA-4 Inhibitors PD-1 and PD-L1 Inhibitors CLTA-4 is aberrantly up-regulated and is present of the surface of T cells in certain cancer, dampening T-cell activation in response to the tumor cells while PD-1 inhibits T-cell function assisting tumor's ability to invade the immune system. Inhibiting a checkpoint enhance the anti-tumor T-cell response, which results in destruction of cancerous cells. Many giant players worldwide are performing clinical trials with the help of these two immune checkpoint inhibitors and are expected to show positive results during the forecast period. For instance, Pfizer, Inc. in collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh is performing phase 2 clinical trials with Anti-CTLA4 monoclonal antibody to cure recurrent inoperable stage III or stage IV melanoma. Likewise, many other market players are performing clinical trials with CLTA-4 and PD-1 inhibitors and on the basis of previous results, is has been estimated that the molecules are expected to generate few efficient drugs for cancer treatment. In addition to these, many market players have developed some novel immune checkpoint inhibitors which include Elotuzumab, INCB024360, Indoximod, and Lirilumab. Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market: Drivers and Trends Rising prevalence of the cancer worldwide is the major factor which will boost the immune checkpoint inhibitors market during the forecast period. According to World Health Organization (WHO), cancer was the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in 2012. There were approximately 14 million new cases with 8.2 million cancer related deaths in 2012 worldwide. It has also been reported that the number of new cases will increase by about 70% in the next two decades. Increasing prevalence of the cancer and high rate of associated mortality is demanding for new and effective treatment methods, which will boost the demand for immune checkpoint inhibitors in future. Browse Global Strategic Business Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/immune-checkpoint-inhibitors-market.html Moreover, the rising government support and funding towards development of new drugs for cancer treatment also encourages researchers in developing new and novel drugs. For instance, National Cancer Institute, U.S. Department of Human Health and Services, funded approximately USD 5.1 billion for development of cancer treatment drugs and research. The funding from government boosts the research activities and development of new and effective drugs, hence propelling the growth of the market. However, the high cost associated with research activities and sunk costs involved in R&D activities are restraining the immune checkpoint inhibitors market. The major players which are involved in research and development activities of immune checkpoint inhibitors include Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Astra Zeneca plc, Merck & Co., Pfizer, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Incyte Corporation, NewLink Genetics Corporation, Seattle Genetics, Inc., Celldex Therapeutics, GlaxoSmithKline plc, and Innate Pharma S.A. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland, Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, North Africa) The report has been compiled through extensive primary research (through interviews, surveys, and observations of seasoned analysts) and secondary research (which entails reputable paid sources, trade journals, and industry body databases). The report also features a complete qualitative and quantitative assessment by analyzing data gathered from industry analysts and market participants across key points in the industry's value chain. A separate analysis of prevailing trends in the parent market, macro- and micro-economic indicators, and regulations and mandates is included under the purview of the study. By doing so, the report projects the attractiveness of each major segment over the forecast period. Highlights of the report: A complete backdrop analysis, which includes an assessment of the parent market Important changes in market dynamics Market segmentation up to the second or third level Historical, current, and projected size of the market from the standpoint of both value and volume Reporting and evaluation of recent industry developments Market shares and strategies of key players Emerging niche segments and regional markets An objective assessment of the trajectory of the market Recommendations to companies for strengthening their foothold in the market Download Exclusive Brochure of This Report : http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=13052 For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/immune-checkpoint-inhibitors-market-global-industry-analysis-2016-2024-increasing-prevalence-of-the-cancer-761698.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Transparency Market Research Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/immune-checkpoint-inhibitors-market.html Latest News ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Geriatric Complementary and Alternative Medicines (CAM) Market Research Report Forecast to 2016 – 2024 Geriatric Complementary and Alternative Medicines (CAM) Market Research Report Forecast to 2016 – 2024 Posted on January 19, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/18/2017 — Geriatric Complementary and Alternative Medicines (CAM) Market: Overview Geriatric population is more susceptible to chronic diseases such as heart problems, joint disorders and others. Therefore, this population group needs regular use of the medicines to prevent the disease conditions. The use of complementary and alternative medicines is increasing among the geriatric population globally due to the fact that CAMs decreases the risk of adverse reactions and drug interactions. Complementary and alternative medicines include products such as dietary medicine and herbal medicine products. These medicines can be used for the management of both communicable (i.e. tuberculosis, hantavirus and others) and non communicable diseases (i.e. chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular and others) in geriatric population. These medicines (i.e. CAM) treat the patients by healing therapies which is not based on principles of conventional medicine. Geriatric Complementary and Alternative Medicines (CAM) Market: Growth Enablers Consistent rise in geriatric population is expected to stimulate the market growth of geriatric complementary and alternative medicines. For example, according to a report published by World Health Organization (WHO), the number of people aged 65 years or older is expected to increase from 605 million in 2012 to 2 billion by 2050. In addition, the use of complementary and alternative medicine is rapidly increasing among the geriatric population which would act as the potential driver for the market growth. For example, National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine (NCCAM) and American Association of Retired People (AARP) conducted one survey which stated that the use of CAM is increasing globally among the population aged 50 years and above. The report published by the Journal of Pharmacy Practice and Research also suggests that geriatric population widely uses complementary and alternative medicines compared to general population. The survey revealed that around 80% of the geriatric population globally is using at least one complementary and alternative medicine. Additionally, increasing number of clinical studies to investigate the effectiveness and mechanism of action (MOA) of complementary and alternative medicines (CAM) drives the growth of the market. Moreover, factors such as low cost, effective therapy and others further stimulates the uptake of complementary and alternative medicines market in near future. However, lack of awareness for complementary and alternative medicines therapies among geriatric population restrains the market growth. Browse Global Strategic Business Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/geriatric-complementary-alternative-medicines-market.html Geriatric Complementary and Alternative Medicines (CAM) Market: Regional Dynamics Geographically, North America is considered as the largest market of geriatric complementary and alternative medicines owing to high use of CAMs in this region. For example, Health and Retirement Study conducted one survey which concluded that around 85% of the geriatric population in North America reported the use of complementary and alternative medicines. Thus, high use of CAM modalities will establish healthy platform to develop the growth of geriatric complementary and alternative medicines market. Europe is the second largest market of geriatric complementary and alternative medicines. The growth is mainly attributed to the increasing aging population coupled with rising use of complementary and alternative medicines in Europe. According to European Commission (Eurostat) report published in 2013, around 17.8% of the European population were aged 65 years and above. The organization has also stated that aging population is expected to increase at high rate in coming year in Europe. In addition, Asia-Pacific is the emerging market for geriatric complementary and alternative medicines market because of rising interest of key companies to expand their presence in Asia Pacific. Key companies operating in the market for geriatric complementary and alternative medicines include Geriatric & Medical Companies, Inc., Merck Sharp & Dohme Corporation. Geri-Care pharmaceuticals, UAS Laboratories. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland, Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, North Africa) The report has been compiled through extensive primary research (through interviews, surveys, and observations of seasoned analysts) and secondary research (which entails reputable paid sources, trade journals, and industry body databases). The report also features a complete qualitative and quantitative assessment by analyzing data gathered from industry analysts and market participants across key points in the industry's value chain. A separate analysis of prevailing trends in the parent market, macro- and micro-economic indicators, and regulations and mandates is included under the purview of the study. By doing so, the report projects the attractiveness of each major segment over the forecast period. Highlights of the report: A complete backdrop analysis, which includes an assessment of the parent market Important changes in market dynamics Market segmentation up to the second or third level Historical, current, and projected size of the market from the standpoint of both value and volume Reporting and evaluation of recent industry developments Market shares and strategies of key players Emerging niche segments and regional markets An objective assessment of the trajectory of the market Recommendations to companies for strengthening their foothold in the market Download Exclusive Brochure of This Report : http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=13043 For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/geriatric-complementary-and-alternative-medicines-cam-market-research-report-forecast-to-2016-2024-761705.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Transparency Market Research Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Latest News ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Immunotherapy Drugs Market by Type of Drugs, Therapy Area, End-User, Region - Global Forecast to 2021 News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 18, 2017, 18:26 ET Share this article LONDON, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global immunotherapy drugs market is projected to reach USD 201.52 billion by 2021 from USD 108.41 billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 13.5% during the forecast period of 2016 to 2021. In this report, the immunotherapy drugs market is segmented on the basis of type of drugs, therapy area, end user, and region. Increasing adoption of targeted therapies with fewer side effects, quicker drug approval processes, and high prevalence rate of lifestyle diseases are major growth drivers of this market. On the other hand, the high cost of immunotherapy treatment, and high attrition rate in the product development cycle are the major factors hindering the growth of the immunotherapy drugs market. However, rising opportunities in the emerging markets, and immunotherapy as an alternative to chemotherapy for first line treatment are the factors supporting the growth of immunotherapy drugs market. Based on type of drugs, the market is segmented into monoclonal antibodies, adult vaccines, checkpoint inhibitors, interferons alpha & beta, interleukins, and others. Adult vaccines segment is further categorized into preventive vaccines and therapeutic vaccines. Monoclonal antibodies segment is expected to account for the largest market share in the immunotherapy drugs market, by type of drugs in 2016. On the other hand, checkpoint inhibitors segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment in the immunotherapy drugs market, by type of drugs, in 2016. The high growth of this segment can be attributed to factors such as increasing adoption of checkpoint inhibitors in cancer treatment with their ability to target only foreign cells leaving normal cells alone. On the basis of therapy area, the immunotherapy drugs market is segmented into cancer, autoimmune & inflammatory diseases, infectious diseases, and others. Among these segments, the cancer segment is expected to account for the largest market share in 2016. Cancer segment is also expected to be the fastest growing segment in the immunotherapy drugs market, by therapy area in 2016. The large share and high growth of this segment can be attributed to factor such as high preference for immunotherapy as a first line of treatment in cancer leading to growing demand for immunotherapy drugs. Based on geography, the immunotherapy drugs market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. North America is expected to account for largest share in the immunotherapy drugs market, by region in 2016. Asia-Pacific is expected to be the fastest-growing regional segment in the immunotherapy drugs market. The high growth of this segment can primarily be attributed to the low cost of manufacturing and acceptable regulatory scenario in this region. Acquisitions and new product approval was the most widely adopted growth strategy pursued by players in the immunotherapy drugs market, to increase their shares and cater to the unmet needs. The major players operating in the immunotherapy drugs market include F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG (Switzerland), GlaxoSmithKline (U.K.), AbbVie, Inc. (U.S.), Amgen, Inc. (U.S.), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.). Bristol-Myers Squibb (U.S.), Novartis International AG (Switzerland), Eli Lilly and Company (U.S.), Johnson & Johnson (U.S.), and AstraZeneca plc (U.K.). Research Coverage: The report provides a picture immunotherapy drugs market across different industry verticals and regions. It aims at estimating the market size and future growth potential of this market across different segments such as type of drugs, therapy area, end user, and region. Furthermore, the report also includes an in-depth competitive analysis of the key players in the market along with their company profiles, recent developments, and key market strategies. Reasons to buy this report: This report will enable both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn will help these firms garner greater market shares. Firms purchasing the report can use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for strengthening their market shares. The report provides insights on the following pointers: - Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on the product portfolios of the top players in the immunotherapy drugs market. The report provides an analysis of the immunotherapy drugs market, by treatment modality, application, and region - Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on the upcoming technologies, R&D activities, and new product launches in the immunotherapy drugs market - Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets. This report provides an analysis of the immunotherapy drugs market across regions - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the global immunotherapy drugs market - Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market strategies, product portfolios, and manufacturing capabilities of the leading players in the global immunotherapy drugs market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4605996/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/immunotherapy-drugs-market-by-type-of-drugs-therapy-area-end-user-region---global-forecast-to-2021-300393250.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Jan 18, 2017, 18:27 ET Preview: Steel Global Industry Guide 2016 Jan 18, 2017, 18:23 ET Preview: Middle East and North Africa Defense Spends on Training and Simulation: 2016 to 2024 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 26, 2017, 21:26 ETNorth America Mobile and Wireless Backhaul Equipment and Services... Jan 26, 2017, 19:21 ETGlobal After Sunburn Care Products Market 2017-2021 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Immunotherapy Drugs Market by Type of Drugs, Therapy Area, End-User, Region - Global Forecast to 2021 News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 18, 2017, 18:26 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Immunotherapy Drugs Market by Type of Drugs, Therapy Area, End-User, Region - Global Forecast to 2021 By Published: Jan 18, 2017 6:26 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global immunotherapy drugs market is projected to reach USD 201.52 billion by 2021 from USD 108.41 billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 13.5% during the forecast period of 2016 to 2021. In this report, the immunotherapy drugs market is segmented on the basis of type of drugs, therapy area, end user, and region. Increasing adoption of targeted therapies with fewer side effects, quicker drug approval processes, and high prevalence rate of lifestyle diseases are major growth drivers of this market. On the other hand, the high cost of immunotherapy treatment, and high attrition rate in the product development cycle are the major factors hindering the growth of the immunotherapy drugs market. However, rising opportunities in the emerging markets, and immunotherapy as an alternative to chemotherapy for first line treatment are the factors supporting the growth of immunotherapy drugs market. Based on type of drugs, the market is segmented into monoclonal antibodies, adult vaccines, checkpoint inhibitors, interferons alpha & beta, interleukins, and others. Adult vaccines segment is further categorized into preventive vaccines and therapeutic vaccines. Monoclonal antibodies segment is expected to account for the largest market share in the immunotherapy drugs market, by type of drugs in 2016. On the other hand, checkpoint inhibitors segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment in the immunotherapy drugs market, by type of drugs, in 2016. The high growth of this segment can be attributed to factors such as increasing adoption of checkpoint inhibitors in cancer treatment with their ability to target only foreign cells leaving normal cells alone. On the basis of therapy area, the immunotherapy drugs market is segmented into cancer, autoimmune & inflammatory diseases, infectious diseases, and others. Among these segments, the cancer segment is expected to account for the largest market share in 2016. Cancer segment is also expected to be the fastest growing segment in the immunotherapy drugs market, by therapy area in 2016. The large share and high growth of this segment can be attributed to factor such as high preference for immunotherapy as a first line of treatment in cancer leading to growing demand for immunotherapy drugs. Based on geography, the immunotherapy drugs market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. North America is expected to account for largest share in the immunotherapy drugs market, by region in 2016. Asia-Pacific is expected to be the fastest-growing regional segment in the immunotherapy drugs market. The high growth of this segment can primarily be attributed to the low cost of manufacturing and acceptable regulatory scenario in this region. Acquisitions and new product approval was the most widely adopted growth strategy pursued by players in the immunotherapy drugs market, to increase their shares and cater to the unmet needs. The major players operating in the immunotherapy drugs market include F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG (Switzerland), GlaxoSmithKline (U.K.), AbbVie, Inc. (U.S.), Amgen, Inc. (U.S.), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.). Bristol-Myers Squibb (U.S.), Novartis International AG (Switzerland), Eli Lilly and Company (U.S.), Johnson & Johnson (U.S.), and AstraZeneca plc (U.K.). Research Coverage:The report provides a picture immunotherapy drugs market across different industry verticals and regions. It aims at estimating the market size and future growth potential of this market across different segments such as type of drugs, therapy area, end user, and region. Furthermore, the report also includes an in-depth competitive analysis of the key players in the market along with their company profiles, recent developments, and key market strategies. Reasons to buy this report:This report will enable both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn will help these firms garner greater market shares. Firms purchasing the report can use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for strengthening their market shares. The report provides insights on the following pointers:- Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on the product portfolios of the top players in the immunotherapy drugs market. The report provides an analysis of the immunotherapy drugs market, by treatment modality, application, and region Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on the upcoming technologies, R&D activities, and new product launches in the immunotherapy drugs market Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets. This report provides an analysis of the immunotherapy drugs market across regions Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the global immunotherapy drugs market Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market strategies, product portfolios, and manufacturing capabilities of the leading players in the global immunotherapy drugs market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4605996/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/immunotherapy-drugs-market-by-type-of-drugs-therapy-area-end-user-region---global-forecast-to-2021-300393250.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper In Brief: Firms unite to plug hydrogen as fuel Convened on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum, the first Hydrogen Council brought together 13 firms, among them top carmakers BMW and Honda, as well as industrial gas firms Air Liquide and Linde.PHOTO: AFP PublishedJan 19, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wr7 Copy Firms unite to plug hydrogen as fuel Over a dozen leading European and Asian firms have teamed up to promote the use of hydrogen as a clean fuel and cut the production of harmful gases that lead to global warming. Convened on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum, the first Hydrogen Council brought together 13 firms, among them top carmakers BMW, Daimler, Honda, Hyundai and Toyota as well as industrial gas firms Air Liquide and Linde. Others at the gathering late on Tuesday included energy firms Alstom, Engie, Shell and Total as well as mining company Anglo American. AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE Drugmakers to aid poor nations Two decades after they were spurred into action to tackle Aids in Africa, global drugmakers said yesterday they would invest US$50 million (S$71.2 million) over three years to fight cancer and other non-communicable diseases in poor countries. Twenty-two companies - including Pfizer, Merck , Novartis, Roche, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline - will provide funds and expertise to the project, which is backed by the World Bank. The so-called Access Accelerated initiative was announced at the World Economic Forum in Davos and aims to improve both treatment and prevention. REUTERS 'New collar' work  in the future Fears that artificial intelligence will steal jobs are largely unfounded, said IBM chief executive Ginni Rometty, as the technology will instead work cohesively with most professions. "It is a partnership between man and machine, if you want to put it that way," Mrs Rometty said in an interview on CNBC at the World Economic Forum, as reported on its website. Artificial intelligence will replace some jobs, but most humans will be working with AI systems, she said. IBM itself has expanded its cognitive computer, Watson, over the past few years. In the future, there won't be blue-collar or white-collar jobs. She coined it "new collar", she told CNBC. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on January 19, 2017, with the headline 'In Brief'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  SWITZERLAND WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wr7 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan23_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Cornerstone of Market Research Firm's PDPA Compliance st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping #1 dryest diaper in the market from Korea! Buy now & get free gift! SK-II Pitera Set suitable for V'day gift! Get now while stocks last! Lowest price ever! Save $400 on Dyson V6 only for first 30 sets! Save $240 on OnePlus 3T! Limited to first 20 sets only!! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
null
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Chemotherapy-induced Nausea and Vomiting Drugs Market 2017-2021: Increasing Inorganic Growth Strategies Fuel Market Growth - Research and Markets By Published: Jan 18, 2017 12:42 p.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Jan 18, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Chemotherapy-induced Nausea and Vomiting Drugs Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global CINV drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 5.41% during the period 2017-2021. Global Thoracic Surgery Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of CINV drugs. According to the report, the high unmet medical need in the market has driven the R&D activities of existing as well as new vendors. Helsinn is one of the leading companies that has a strong pipeline of CINV drugs with two drug candidates in Phase III and Phase I stages. Helsinn has collaborated with Taiho Pharmaceutical for the development and commercialization of netupitant IV in Japan. Heron Therapeutics is developing HTX-019, currently in Phase I stage, for the prevention and treatment of CINV. In addition, new vendors such as Shin Nippon Biomedical Laboratories and Acacia Pharma are aggressively advancing their pipeline to launch new drugs during the forecast period. Key Vendors: GlaxoSmithKline Helsinn Heron Therapeutics Merck Tesaro Other Prominent Vendors: Acacia Pharma Aphios Baxter Healthcare Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Eisai Especificos Stendhal F. Hoffmann-La Roche Kyowa Hakko Kirin Lee's Pharmaceutical Holdings Midatech Pharma Mundipharma Teva Pharmaceuticals Others Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Disease overview Part 06: Pipeline analysis Part 07: Market landscape Part 08: Market segmentation by therapy Part 09: Geographical segmentation Part 10: Market drivers Part 11: Impact of drivers Part 12: Market challenges Part 13: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 14: Market trends Part 15: Vendor landscape Part 16: Key vendor analysis Part 17: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/jjw8vb/global View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170118006045/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Gastrointestinal Drugs , Gastrointestinal Drugs Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Astellas Announces Participation in Access Accelerated Builds on Company Commitment to improve Access to Health News provided by Astellas Pharma Inc. Jan 18, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article TOKYO, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Astellas Pharma Inc. (President and CEO: Yoshihiko Hatanaka, "Astellas" ) today announced its participation in Access Accelerated, a global, multi-stakeholder initiative to advance access to non-communicable disease (NCD) prevention, diagnostics and treatment in low-income and lower-middle income countries. Together with 21 other leading pharmaceutical companies and in collaboration with the World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC), Astellas will work towards the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal target to reduce premature deaths from NCDs by one-third by 2030. ''We have an important social responsibility to improve access to health for patients around the world, and we will help develop sustainable solutions,'' said Yoshihiko Hatanaka, President and CEO at Astellas. In the midst of various health epidemics, NCDs such as cancer, cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory diseases, diabetes and mental health disorders are public health burdens worldwide. While an aging population and increased risk due to lifestyle choices are contributing factors to this increasing burden, low-income and lower-middle income countries often have under-resourced healthcare systems with multiple barriers that limit access to diagnosis, treatment and care. As part of Access Accelerated, Astellas and the participating organizations will seek to find and advance new solutions to address gaps in access for NCDs. Astellas is committed to the long-term sustainability of society by improving Access to Health and medical solutions, fostering scientific advancement and enhancing the health of our communities. The company has been actively engaged in some select R&D programs for neglected tropical diseases, including contributing scientific expertise for the development of a pediatric formulation for the treatment of Schistosomiasis and collaborative research to discover anti-protozoan parasite drugs. To help address NCDs, Astellas has accelerated its Action on Fistula initiative with the aim of transforming the lives of patients in Kenya who have an obstetric fistula. Through this program, more than 1,200 patients have been treated with reconstructive surgery. About Access Accelerated Access Accelerated is a first-of-its-kind, multi-stakeholder collaboration focused on improving NCD care. Involving more than 20 pharmaceutical companies, the initiative works with partners such as World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) to help overcome a variety of access barriers to NCD medicines in low-income and lower-middle income countries. Access Accelerated will support multi-stakeholder dialogue and begin on-the-ground work to improve NCD prevention, diagnosis and treatment.  Contributing companies include: Almirall, Astellas, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Chugai, Daiichi Sankyo, Eisai, Eli Lilly and Company, EFPIA, GlaxoSmithKline, The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), Johnson & Johnson, JPMA, Menarini, Merck, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, PhRMA, Roche, Sanofi, Shionogi, Sumitomo Dainippon, Takeda and UCB. IFPMA will act as the Secretariat for Access Accelerated. For more information, please visit accessaccelerated.org. About Non-Communicable Diseases NCDs, including cancers, cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory disease, diabetes and mental health disorders are the leading causes of death and disability worldwide. This places a double burden on communities and economies around the world already combating infectious diseases. About Astellas Astellas Pharma Inc., based in Tokyo, Japan, is a company dedicated to improving the health of people around the world through the provision of innovative and reliable pharmaceutical products. We focus on Urology, Oncology, Immunology, Nephrology and Neuroscience as prioritized therapeutic areas while advancing new therapeutic areas and discovery research leveraging new technologies/modalities. We are also creating new value by combining internal capabilities and external expertise in the medical/healthcare business. Astellas is on the forefront of healthcare change to turn innovative science into value for patients. For more information, please visit our website at www.astellas.com/en.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/astellas-announces-participation-in-access-accelerated-300392575.html SOURCE Astellas Pharma Inc. Related Links https://www.astellas.com/en Dec 21, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: Astellas Completes Acquisition of Ganymed Pharmaceuticals My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 21, 2016, 09:00 ETAstellas Completes Acquisition of Ganymed Pharmaceuticals Dec 20, 2016, 08:00 ETAstellas Announces FDA Fast Track Designation for ASP0892, DNA... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals You just read: Astellas Announces Participation in Access Accelerated News provided by Astellas Pharma Inc. Jan 18, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Influenza Vaccines - World Industry Market Outlook 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Jan 18, 2017, 09:01 ET Share this article Visiongain Ltd, January 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Forecasts for Trivalent Influenza Vaccines (TIV) & Quadrivalent Influenza Vaccines (QIV), Analysis of Pipeline Developments For Fluzone / VaxiGrip, Seqirus, Fluarix / FluLaval, FluMist / Fluenz, FluBlok and Other The latest report from business intelligence provider visiongain offers comprehensive analysis of the global influenza vaccines market. Visiongain assesses that this market will generate revenues of $4.97 billion in 2017. How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. Visiongain's new study tells you and tells you NOW. In this brand new 147 page report you find 64 in-depth tables, charts and graphs - all unavailable elsewhere. The report provides clear detailed insight into the global Influenza market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope Visiongain's new investigation shows revenue predictions at overall world market, submarket, company, product and national level. That study gives individual analysis for two influenza vaccine submarkets, which are further divided by vaccine technologies: • Trivalent Influenza Vaccines (TIV) • Quadrivalent Influenza Vaccines (QIV) Our new analysis also shows you revenue predictions for the vaccines produced by these five market leaders: and their market share • Sanofi Pasteur • GSK • Seqirus • AstraZeneca • Protein Science Corporation. • Others To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com From 2017, large pharmaceutical companies and other biopharma specialists can prosper in that market. See how, discovering organisations' potentials. Our report analyses the vaccines in research and development and assess their prospects once they enter the market. The R&D pipeline discusses: • Seasonal Influenza vaccines in development • Universal Influenza vaccines in development The report includes forecasts and analysis of pipeline developments for the following specific vaccines • Fluzone / VaxiGrip • Seqirus • Fluarix / FluLaval • FluMist / Fluenz • FluBlok • Other The study shows you prospects for those drug sales in developed and developing regions. There see individual revenue forecasts to 2027 for 11 countries: • United States • Japan • The EU 5 - Germany, France, United Kingdom, Italy and Spain. • Brazil, Russia, India and China. Who should read this report? • Anyone within the influenza vaccines value chain. • Pharmaceutical companies • Vaccine manufacturers • Healthcare biotech companies • Generics and biosimilar producers • Drug delivery companies and other technology providers • Contract/clinical research organisations (CROs) • Pharma contract manufacturers, • Pharma/healthcare wholesale and distribution companies • Medical device companies • Healthcare diagnostics companies • R&D specialists • Business development managers • Marketing managers • Technologists • Suppliers • Investors • Banks • Government agencies • Contractors Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the influenza vaccines market and leading companies. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Influenza Vaccines - World Industry Market Outlook 2017-2027: Forecasts for Trivalent Influenza Vaccines (TIV) & Quadrivalent Influenza Vaccines (QIV), Analysis of Pipeline Developments For Fluzone / VaxiGrip, Seqirus, Fluarix / FluLaval, FluMist / Fluenz, FluBlok and Other. Avoid missing out by staying informed - get our report now. To request a report overview of this report please emails Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com or call Tel: +44 (0) 20 7336 6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1769/Global-Influenza-Vaccines-World-Industry-Market-Outlook-2017-2027 Companies and Other Organisations Mentioned in the Report  Advisory Committee for Immunization Practices Astellas Pharmaceuticals AstraZeneca Bharat Immunologicals and Biologicals Corporation Limited Binnopharm bioCSL BioManguinhos/Oswaldo Cruz Foundation BiondVax BiondVax Bionor Brazilian Ministry of Health Butantan Institute Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research Centre for Disease Control and Prevention China National Biotech Group China's National Regulatory Authority Chinese Food and Drug Administration CSL CureVac Daiichi Sankyo Dynavax Flanders Institute Food and Drug Administration FORT Fresenius Pharmaceuticals Gamma Vaccines Gavi Alliance Glaxo Smith Klein GlaxoWellcome Global Influenza Programme Grippol Health Service Bureau, Japan Immune Targeting Systems Indian Association of Paediatrics Janssen Pharmaceuticals Jenner Institute, University of oxford Johnson & Johnson Krka Pharmaceuticals Medicago Medicare MedImmune Merck MSD Pharmaceuticals National Health Service, UK Novartis Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Panacea Biotech Partnership for Influenza Vaccine Introduction Petrovax Pfizer Protein Science Corporation Sanofi Pasteur Servizio Sanitario Nationale Shionogi Pharmaceuticals Sistema Unico de Saude SmithKline Beecham Takeda Pharmaceuticals Terumo Pharmaceuticals The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, Japan The Scripps Research Institute Ultriks US Department of Health and Human Services VaxInnate WHO Strategic Advisory Group of Experts World Health Organization To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd Jan 19, 2017, 09:01 ET Preview: Global Anti-Obesity Drugs Market Forecast 2017-2027 Jan 16, 2017, 09:01 ET Preview: Internet Of Things (IOT) Market Report 2017-2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 25, 2017, 09:01 ETGeneric Drugs Market Forecast 2017-2027 Jan 24, 2017, 09:01 ETGlobal Liquid Biopsy Market Forecast 2017-2027 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Influenza Vaccines - World Industry Market Outlook 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Jan 18, 2017, 09:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market: Global Industry Analysis, Industry Outlook and Strategies to 2023 Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market: Global Industry Analysis, Industry Outlook and Strategies to 2023 By satyamspot   /   Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 02:30AM   /   Comments Off on Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market: Global Industry Analysis, Industry Outlook and Strategies to 2023   /   27 views share The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023,” the global anti-hypertensive drugs  market was valued at USD 32,214.3 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 34,925.7 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 1.2% from 2016 to 2023. Market Insights Hypertension is commonly observed chronic condition, in which the blood pressure is elevated abnormally both systolic and diastolic. This is major risk factor for causing cardiovascular, renal or endocrine disorder. The normal blood pressure level is 120-140mm Hg systolic and 60-90mm Hg diastolic any elevation above it is considered as hypertension. The major reason for the rise in prevalence of hypertension is lifestyle change, unhealthy food habits and demographic ageing. Anti-hypertensive drugs are used to reduce the level of blood pressure, different drug class of drugs with different mechanism of action exist in the market. The antihypertensive market is growing with increased patient pool especially geriatric population and extensive research and development for novel pipeline drug. The global antihypertensive market show robust growth in forecast period, but it face threat of genericization and increased competition due to patent expiry. Browse the full report Global Anti-Hypertensive Drugs Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/anti-hypertensive-drugs-market Anti-Hypertensive are categorized by drug class type as Diuretics, Angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), Anti-Hypertensive Drugs, Beta blockers, Alpha blockers, Calcium channel blockers, Renin inhibitors and Vasodilators. ACE inhibitor occupies the largest market share in terms of value due to mechanism of action and is preferred in geriatric population and diabetes patient as first line of treatment as antihypertensive drug. Beta blockers follow next in line due to preference of physician over diuretic, which are most commonly used. Based on the drug class type, the global Anti-hypertensive drugs market is segmented as follows: Diuretics ACE inhibitors ARBs Calcium Channel Blockers Beta – Adrenergic blocker Alpha – Adrenergic blocker Central Sympatholyics Renin inhibitors Vasodilators As of the current market scenario, North America is the largest regional market for anti-hypertensive drugs market, followed by the Europe and Asia Pacific. The major factors driving the North America rise in prevalence of hypertension and other associated chronic disease especially in geriatric population, novel drugs in pipeline and upcoming use of combination therapies. Europe major market contributor are UK, Germany, France, Italy and Spain due to factors such as increase in prevalence of hypertension and unmet need for treatment of chronic disease, health care program planning and expenditure. Asia-Pacific is the fastest growing market due to rise population and incidence of chronic diseases due to alteration in lifestyle changes; and health care infrastructure and government expenditure. Thus developed market dominates the antihypertensive drugs market, with developing economies booming at fast rate. Market Competition Assessment: Key players in the global Anti-Hypertensive drugs market are Novartis AG, Astra Zeneca, Pfizer Inc., Acetelion Ltd, Sanofi S.A., Merck & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim, Lupin Limited, Johnson & Johnson Ltd.,  Astra Zeneca Plc, Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited and Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited, Inc., Takeda Pharmaceutical, Bayer AG etc. Key Market Movements: Rising prevalence of hypertension due to various factors such as growing population, change in unhealthy lifestyle etc. Extensive R&D for new treatment regimen and new drug approval in pipeline Evolving use of combination therapy to lower the blood pressure and decrease in adverse effect Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58287 Latest Reports: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/irritable-bowel-syndrome-ibs-with-Diarrhea-drugs-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/opioid-induced-constipation-oic-drugs-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/chronic-idiopathic-constipation-cic-drugs-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  http://www.credenceresearch.com/ Share this: Share on Tumblr Global Violas Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021, Acute Market Reports < Previous Recent Updates: United States Windscreen Wiper Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast 2021, Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2023 – Credence Research Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2023 – Credence Research By satyamspot   /   Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 01:27AM   /   Comments Off on Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2023 – Credence Research   /   38 views share The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors market was valued at USD 11,477.1 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 11,094.6 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of (0.5%) from 2016 to 2023. Market Insights ACE inhibitors are class of drugs (angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors) that block the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure and in the prevention of micro vascular complications of diabetes mellitus. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally cardiovascular disease accounts for approximately 17 million deaths a year, nearly one third of the total. Of these, complications of hypertension account for 9.4 million deaths worldwide every year ACE inhibitors market is segmented on the basis of application and type of drug. The type of drug segment comprises of benazepril, captopril, enalapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, moexipril,perindopril, quinapril, ramipril, trandolapril, and combination ACE inhibitors. Browse the full report Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market All ACE inhibitors bind to tissue and plasma protein. Whereas free drug is eliminated relatively rapidly by the kidney predominantly by glomerular filtration, binding to tissue sites means that the plasma concentration-time profile shows a long lasting terminal elimination phase. The prototype ACE inhibitor, captopril, is absorbed and eliminated rapidly. Enalapril, like most of the later ACE inhibitors, is an inactive pro-drug that requires hydrolysis during or after absorption to generate the active acid form, enalaprilat. Lisinopril is an analogue of enalapril and is itself active. Geography segmentation of ACE inhibitors comprised regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further split to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, Brazil, and GCC countries. North America was observed as the largest regional market for ACE inhibitors market. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S. and Canada, the rising prevalence of cardiovascular and kidney diseases, mounting obesity in the population and supportive reimbursement policies are the key drivers for periodical growth of ACE inhibitors market in this region. The developed healthcare infrastructure, and high public awareness related to diagnosis, treatment and management of lifestyle diseases are the key factors assisting the growth of North America ACE inhibitors market. Market Competition Assessment: The ACE inhibitors market is observed as the most diversified and competitive market comprising large number of players.  The market is dominated by several players, depending on their major competencies. The key players in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Astra Zeneca plc, Jhonson and Johnson Limited, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi SA, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and others. Key Market Movements: Lisinopril and ramipril are most popular than comparable drugs due to dosage convenience, good insurance coverage, and higher efficiency along with low side-effects The rising prevalence of hypertension and diabetes, and high public awareness related with early diagnosis and management of these disorders are the key factors assisting the overall ACE inhibitors market Chronic kidney disorders application segment was observed as the fastest moving segment in overall ACE inhibitors market throughout the forecast period Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58053 Latest Reports: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/rare-earth-metals-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/smart-kitchen-appliances-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/europe-hair-brush-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  http://www.credenceresearch.com/ Share this: Share on Tumblr Healthcare CRM and Contact Centre Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor < Previous Global Violas Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021, Acute Market Reports Next > Recommended stories you may like: Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   SMi Group Press Release Receive press releases from SMi Group: By Email RSS Feeds: FDAs Approach to Generic Drug Development: Director of the Division of Therapeutic Performance to Deliver Keynote Address FDA will provide a keynote address at the 14th annual Controlled Release Delivery conference when it returns to London on the 3rd  4th April. London, United Kingdom, January 18, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Markham Luke, Director of Division of Therapeutic Performance from FDA will provide a spotlight presentation on day two of the conference. Markam will provide attendees with his presentation entitled "Generic drug development and evaluation: A U.S. FDA Perspective." He will explore bioequivalence in the setting of pharmaceuticals and discuss complex drug products. Furthermore, Markham will talk about how the FDA assists generic drug development. “The FDA is issuing a final rule on generic drug applications, hoping to quicken the generic approvals process. On October 6, 2016, the FDA published the rule in the Federal Register as a finalization to the proposed rule issued on February 6, 2015… The new rule intends to accelerate generic approvals by diminishing unnecessary litigation that delays the approval and marketing of generic drugs under 505(b)(2) applications and ANDAs.” *(Source) With the recent result of the U.S. Presidential Election, this presentation will prove to be a hot topic of discussion as during the election campaign, Donald Trump announced that if elected he will focus on the acceleration of generic drugs approval. This presents itself as the perfect opportunity to hear from the FDA on how they are currently going about generic drug development before Trump and his team implement any strategies. The 2017 programme will also focus on the latest innovations made within controlled release, the latest regulatory updates and how to overcome challenges made within the industry. The carefully selected speaker line-up features senior leaders in Controlled Release from, GSK, Merck, Actellion, Boehringer Ingleheim, Janssen, Altus Formulation, Ascendia Pharmaceuticals, Tecrea, Nanomerics and InnoCore Pharmaceuticals. A full speaker line-up and detailed conference agenda is available to download online at www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/prcom. Running alongside the conference will be a post conference workshop on "Challenges in Inhaled Drug Delivery," hosted by PA Consulting Group. Controlled Release Delivery Strengthening innovation and overcoming the challenging regulatory landscape 3rd & 4th April 2017 London, UK http://www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/prcom Controlled Release 2017 is sponsored by Buchi, Data Detection Technologies and Precision NanoSystems *(Source) http://bit.ly/2gbjHCc Contact Information: For all media enquiries contact Zoe Gale on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6032 / Email: zgale@smi-online.co.uk To register for the conference, visit www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/prcom or contact Ameenah Begum on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6166 / Email: abegum@smi-online.co.uk To sponsor, speak or exhibit at the conference, contact Alia Malick on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6168 / Email: amalick@smi-online.co.uk About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk. Contact Information SMi Group Zoe Gale +44 20 7827 6166 Contact http://www.controlledreleasedelivery.com/prcom Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from SMi Group Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor SeedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Cadila set to buy US firm for $171 million By Divya Rajagopal, ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 18, 2017, 08.21 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Zydus | product | Merck | markets | Lupin | Cadila Healthcare | Cadila RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Zydus x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Merck x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Lupin x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Cadila Healthcare x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Cadila x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Cadila HealthcareCadila EXPAND TO VIEW ALL Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage By Arijit Barman & Divya Rajagopal MUMBAI: Cadila Healthcare is set to acquire Californiabased speciality pharma company Sentynl Therapeutics for $171 million as the company looks for alternative ways to build its US business that has been held back by regulatory inspections, officials in the know said. Sentynl acquires, develops and commercialises prescription products, according to the company's website. It holds rights for opioid-based drug Abstral used for pain management among cancer patients. The overall market size of opioid based pain killer is an estimated $24 billion, though the sales of Abstral is to the tune of $10 million, with per month cost of treatment to the patient of $1500. For FY16, sources said, Sentinyl's EBIDTA was $35 million and Cadila valued the firm for just a little less than five times EV EBIDTA multiple. The brand Abstral too has changed many hands. In 2011 it was acquired by Galena Pharma from the Swedish company called Orexo. Galena later sold it to Sentynl in 2015 for $12 million. If the deal goes through, this would be the Ahmedabad-based company's first big value buy in the US market in recent years. Most of Cadila's 2016 buys were in India, the only significant buyout in the US market by the company was when it acquired three brands of Israeli drug maker Teva. An email sent to Cadila and Sentynl remained unanswered till the time of going to press. Pankaj Patel led Cadila is among the top five pharma companies in the country in terms of revenues -FY 16 topline was `7,035.30 crore -and has been on the prowl for a while having executed close to 25 M&A deals worldover since 1995. Since 2003, majority of the deals have been outbound to develop a presence in specific markets like Japan, Brazil, Spain & South Africa. In late 2011, they acquired Biochem, a domestic formulations business. Last December, Cadila's subsidiary Zydus Healthcare bought six brands from MSD Pharmaceuticals India, the local arm of US-based Merck. Though the US has been a significant market for the company , it has been conservative about big buyouts. It has mostly focussed on buying popular brands and small size drug companies in the domestic market in niche areas like gastro and antibiotic segments. It is one of the few Indian companies to have a head start in the biosimilar drugs market which earned revenues worth `3 billion in 2015 for Cadila. Unlike other Indian generic makers like Lupin and Sun, who have made half-a-billion dollar acquisitions in the US, Cadila's last significant buyout was in 2011, when the company acquired Neshar Pharmaceutical specialising in controlled substance. For Cadila, the recovery in the US business is key as Street has been waiting for cues on the company's clean-up of its key manufacturing unit in Moriaya which received a USFDA's warning letter. The regulatory overhaul saw net profit drop 29% YoY to Rs 338 crore for the September quarter. “We believe going forward the key will be product launches in the US.The company has 160 ANDAs pending approval which include some high-value oppor tunities like Lialda, (anti-inflammatory drug) transdermal patches, and other extended release formulations,“ says a Nomura report. “We see limited scope for further deterioration in financials and the company's US pipeline is interesting,“ Citi wrote in a note in October 2016. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » Zydus | product | Merck | markets | Lupin | Cadila Healthcare | Cadila To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Property sales may drop 30% in 2017; realty, related stocks up for more pain 11 smallcaps that surged up to 485% as Nifty reclaimed 8,600 in 60 sessions First merged Budget in 92 years: Top rail-linked stocks to watch Measures expected from Union Budget that could impact markets Pre-Budget rally: Sensex rallies 900 pts in four days despite odds; 3 reasons why More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Virology Market: By Type (Diagnosing Test, Viral Infection Controlling Methods & others); By Application (Skin & Soft Tissue Infections, Respiratory Tract Infections & others); By End-User & By Region-Forecast (2016-2022) News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 19, 2017, 15:40 ET Share this article LONDON, Jan. 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Virology is a branch of microbiological or pathological science which involves the study of viruses and virus-like agents. Virology focuses on the following aspects of viruses: their structure, classification and evolution, their ways to infect and exploit host cells for reproduction, their interaction with host organism physiology and immunity, the diseases they cause, the techniques to isolate and culture them, and their use in research and therapy. Globally, increasing instances of viral epidemic breakouts and huge R&D investment by major players are expected to remain key growth drivers for virology during the period of study. Geographically, North America dominated the virology market driven by world class healthcare infrastructure with a technologically advanced practice, higher spending and presence of key industry players in the region. North America was followed by Europe and Asia-Pacific as second and third largest market for virology market. Asia Pacific is projected to have the fastest growth, owing to a rapidly developing medical infrastructure, increasing spending on healthcare and growing medical tourism in developing nations such as China and India in this region. This report identifies the virology market size for the years 2014-2016, and forecast of the same till the year 2022. It also highlights the market drivers, restraints, growth indicators, challenges, and other key aspects with respect to the virology market. This report segments the virology market on the basis of type, application, end-user and regional market as follows: Virology market research report is classified on the basis of type. Some of the major types covered in this report are as follows: Diagnosing Test, Viral Infection Controlling Methods, Antiviral Chemotherapy, Interferons Virology market research report is classified on the basis of application. Some of the major applications covered in this report are as follows: Skin and Soft Tissue Infections, Respiratory Tract Infections, GI Tract Infections, Urinary Tract Infections, Eye Infections, CNS Infections, Sexually Transmitted Diseases, Perinatal Infections Virology market research report is classified on the basis of end-users. Some of the major end-users covered in this report are as follows: Hospitals, Clinics, Laboratories, Diagnostic Centres, Blood Banks, Pharmacies This report has been further segmented into major regions, which includes detailed analysis of each region such as: North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), and Rest of the World (RoW) covering all the major country level markets in each of the region This report identifies all the major companies operating in the virology market. Some of the major companies' profiles in detail are as follows: GlaxoSmithKline plc Abbott Laboratories Boehringer Ingelheim Corporation Merck and Co. Inc. Novartis International AG Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4625429/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/virology-market-by-type-diagnosing-test-viral-infection-controlling-methods--others-by-application-skin--soft-tissue-infections-respiratory-tract-infections--others-by-end-user--by-region-forecast-2016-2022-300393841.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Jan 19, 2017, 15:41 ET Preview: Global electric and hybrid light vehicles market - forecasts to 2031 Jan 19, 2017, 15:37 ET Preview: Europe Defense Spends on Space (Satellites and Sensors): 2016 to 2024 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 26, 2017, 21:26 ETNorth America Mobile and Wireless Backhaul Equipment and Services... Jan 26, 2017, 19:21 ETGlobal After Sunburn Care Products Market 2017-2021 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Virology Market: By Type (Diagnosing Test, Viral Infection Controlling Methods & others); By Application (Skin & Soft Tissue Infections, Respiratory Tract Infections & others); By End-User & By Region-Forecast (2016-2022) News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 19, 2017, 15:40 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Custom Search Home Recent News Categories Archives Help Section Submit Free Register Partners Contact Login Fri, 27 Jan 2017 20:58:32 -0600 Home Recent News PR Categories PR Writing Tips PR Dont's Sample Releases Submit Press Release Archives Contact us Hire a PR Writer Register FREE Login Advertise Arts Business Computers Education Entertainment Events Finance Internet Medicine Real Estate Society Sports Technology Travel Submit a Press Release FREE ! Register FREE ! Alzheimers Disease Drugs Market Globally Expected to Grow Till 2020 2017-01-19 Print Tweet   SA-BRC is pleased to announce the release of its market research report on the Global Alzheimers Disease Drugs Market Assessment & Forecast 2016-2020. FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Alzheimers is an irreversible degeneration of neurons in the brain and is one of the most prominently observed brain disorders among people today. The condition starts with disruptions in cognition and behavior which causes impairment in the memory and sparks dementia, which is the most noticeable symptom. It accounts for over 65% cases of dementia across the world and affects approximately 40 million people worldwide. Initially Alzheimers disease signs are observed in the entorhinal cortex, then proceed to hippocampus and further spread through the brain causing cerebral cortex to shrink which results in death of neurons in the brain. By 2020, the number of people aged around 65-70 and older with AD is estimated to reach around 7.5-8 million in the United States. By 2050, there would be close to 16 million people living with Alzheimers. At present AD is one of the most leading cause of death in the United States and number of AD cases are seen higher in women than in men, nearly two third of the population in the United States suffering from AD are women. The global economic impact of Alzheimers disease is estimated to be pegged at US$ 640 billion per year and the annual costs of treating and caring patients exceeds US$ 200 billion in United States alone. Due to the lack of strong visible symptoms in the initial stages, Alzheimers is unfortunately diagnosed when more than 50% of nerve cells have been damaged. There is currently no cure to the condition and existing drugs provide only symptomatic relief. Big pharma giants like J&J, Pfizer and Eli Lilly are spending millions of dollars in R&D with clear focus towards the amyloid plaques hypothesis with high hopes that their research molecules would block amyloid plaques formation in the brain. Major markets for AD are US, Japan, Germany, Spain, France, Italy and UK and current ongoing estimates value the markets at around US$ 9.5 billion and expected to reach around US$ 16.0 billion in the year 2020. Future market growth is expected to be driven by the first disease-modifying drugs. Aricept (donepezil hydrochloride) from Pfizer/Eisais was the world best-selling drug till 2010, which lost patent protection in November 2010 and at present, Namenda (memantine hydrochloride) from Forest Laboratories, Exelon (rivastigmine) from Novartis and Ebixa (memantine) from Lundbeck Ltd. are the top selling brands worldwide. About 70% of people on Namenda XR are also on Aricept. Click For Request TOC http://www.sa-brc.com/Global-Alzheimers-Disease-Drugs-Market-Assessment--Forecast-2016---2020/upcomingdetail24 In December 2014, the FDA approved a combination pill for moderate to severe Alzheimers called Namzaric that combines memantine hydrochloride extended-release (Namenda) and donepezil hydrochloride (Aricept). Biotechnology may also hold the cure to this condition and Boston based company Biogens experimental anti-body that targets beta-amyloid showed sincere promise in reducing plaques and reducing symptoms. Several other companies such as Signum are focusing on treating the disease rather than symptomatic relief. Analysts predict the value of the drug to be around US$ 6.5 billion by the time it may be approved, which is still quite far considering the 166 patient trials done currently. The largest targets are for neuromodular signaling, however several companies across the world are also focusing on microtubular structural targets, APP metabolism and immune response modulators. Top companies associated with molecules in this area are Eli Lilly, Roche, Genentech, Baxter International, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Pfizer, Abbott Laboratories, Lundbeck, Merck & Co, and Bristol-Myers Squibb. In terms of geography, the market is currently being analyzed for six regions namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle-East and Africa. North America leads the market with a share of approximately 40%, however the reimbursement situation has not improved for people to utilize the available treatments. Cost of disease treatment along with assisted care expenses is in most cases extremely expensive to treat and has severe burden on families. In coming years however, the picture is expected to change with the knowledge of approximately 20 potential target molecules that show significant potential. For More Research Reports http://www.sa-brc.com/Medical-Devices/upcoming1 NOTE: This report is currently under research and will be made available to clients on request.   Contact Info SA-BRC 10685-B Hazelhurst Drive, Suite 17411 Houston, Texas 77043, United States Phone: 18324263701 Website: http://www.sa-brc.com/Global-Alzheimers-Disease-Drugs-Market-Assessment--Forecast-2016---2020/upcomingdetail24       (C) 2014 - PR Urgent News. All Rights Reserved Terms of use | Contact | Advertise Disclaimer: We accept no responsibility for accuracy and completeness for any information of press releases published on this site as they are submitted directly by different companies/individuals/third parties. We recommend to directly contact the poster through the contact information published on the news release.
Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Tech Companies We Follow Amazon.com Apple AT&T Google General Electric Facebook HP IBM Microsoft Qualcomm Samsung Sony Twitter Events Politics Candidates Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings About Contact Sponsors Article Submission Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Tech Companies We Follow Amazon.com Apple AT&T Google General Electric Facebook HP IBM Microsoft Qualcomm Samsung Sony Twitter Events Politics Candidates Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Tech Companies We Follow Amazon.com Apple AT&T Google General Electric Facebook HP IBM Microsoft Qualcomm Samsung Sony Twitter Events Politics Candidates Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Subscribe to our Blog via email District Court Broadens Scope of Patent Ineligibility Under § 101 for a Treatment Method By Joseph Robinson & Irina Vainberg & Heather Ettinger & Grace Yang January 19, 2017 2 Print Article On December 7, 2016, a federal district court in New Jersey granted Defendants’ Motion to Dismiss claims 10-17 and 24-25 of U.S. Patent 8,853,156 (the ‘156 patent) as patent ineligible under 35 U.S.C. § 101. See Boehringer Ingelheim Pharms., Int, et al. v. HEC Pharm Co., Ltd., et al., CA No. 15-cv-5982 (D.N.J. Dec. 7, 2016) (Before J. Sheridan).  The ‘156 patent discloses methods of treating and/or preventing metabolic diseases, particularly diabetes, in patients for whom metformin therapy is inappropriate due to intolerability or contraindication against metformin, e.g., renal disease, metabolic acidosis, congestive heart failure. Defendants alleged that the asserted claims are patent ineligible because the claims recite a natural law that is based on pharmacokinetic observations of diabetic patients. Plaintiffs argued that the motion should be denied because claims of the ’156 patent are directed towards methods of treating the targeted patient population with metabolic diseases using non-naturally existing DPP-IV inhibitors, which alter the natural state of the body in a new and useful way, and hence do not fall within the natural phenomena exception. Claims 10-17 depend from claim 1 and claims 24-25 are independent claims that limit the method of treating by administering a specific, non-naturally occurring DPP-IV inhibitor to patients with different contraindications. Claim 1 is directed to “[a] method of treating and/or preventing metabolic diseases in a patient for whom metformin therapy is inappropriate due to at least one contraindication against metformin comprising orally administering to the patient a DPP-IV inhibitor wherein the contraindication is selected from the group consisting of: renal disease, renal impairment or renal dysfunction, unstable or acute congestive heart failure, acute or chronic metabolic acidosis, and hereditary galactose intolerance.” Although the use of DPP-IV inhibitors in the treatment of certain metabolic diseases was known in the prior art, it required regular monitoring of the kidney functions for the targeted patient population, who suffer from renal impairment, and dose adjustment to avoid dangerous side effects. The DPP-IV inhibitors used in the methods of treatment claimed by the ‘156 patent do not require monitoring or dose adjustments because it is mainly excreted via the liver and only to a minor extent via the kidney. After acknowledging the distinction between the ?156 patent and the prior art, the Court concluded that “the ’156 patent not requiring dose adjustment is not an issue in the cited claims of infringement” because “the asserted claims do not claim dose adjustments to treat the targeted patient population.” In its § 101 analysis, the Court applied the two-step inquiry as established by Alice – “(1) whether the claims at issue are directed to a patent ineligible concept (i.e., law of nature, natural phenomena, or abstract idea); and (2) if so, then the Court must determine whether the ‘claim’s elements, considered both individually and ‘as an ordered combination,’ ‘transform the nature of the claim’ into a patent-eligible application.’ (quoting Alice Corp. Pty. Ltd. v. CLS Bank Int’l, 134 S.Ct. 2347, 2355 (2014)). The Court further relies on Enfish to clarify the first prong of the Alice inquiry as “determining whether the focus of the claims, in light of the specification, is on a specific asserted ‘improvement’ in that particular technological area.” Enfish, LLC v. Microsoft Corp., 822 F.3d 1327, 1335. The Court started its analysis with claim 1. It found that claim 1 was directed to a patent ineligible concept and “provide[d]] no contribution over conventional knowledge of administering DPP-IV inhibitors.” The Court concluded that claim 1 did not have a series of steps tied to a tangible embodiment, as required by Rapid Litigation Mgmt. Ltd. v. CellzDirect, Inc., 827 F.3d 1042 (Fed. Cir. July 5, 2016). Claim 1 consisted of a single instruction of “orally administering” a DPP-IV inhibitor to a target population of patients. The Court also found that Mayo was more analogous to claim 1 in that the effect of the DPP-IV inhibitor in increasing insulin secretion was due to “entirely natural processes”. Further, the Court found that the improvement of the ?156 DPP-IV inhibitors was due to its liver-based excretion mechanism, which is purely a natural biological process. For the second prong of the inquiry, the Court concluded that claim 1 had no “inventive concept” as it did not “include the ‘additional features’ to ensure ‘that the [claim] is more than a drafting effort designed to monopolize the [abstract idea].” Ultramercial, Inc. v. Hulu, LLC, 772 F.3d 709, 715 (Fed. Cir. 2014) (quoting Mayo, 132 S.Ct. at 1298) After analyzing the “additional features” individually, e.g., “treating and/or preventing metabolic diseases in a patient for whom metformin therapy is inappropriate due to at least one contraindication against metformin”, “wherein the contraindication is selected from the group consisting of: renal disease, renal impairment or renal dysfunction, unstable or acute congestive heart failure, acute or chronic metabolic acidosis, and hereditary galactose intolerance”, and “orally administering to the patient a DPP-IV inhibitor,” the Court found that they were “well-understood, routine and conventional activity,” and thus does not transform the abstract idea of claim 1 into an inventive concept. The Court further notes that claim 1 merely provides “an instruction for a medical care professional who is treating the targeted patient population” and “can be conducted via mental processes, which is not tied to any tangible embodiments.” For dependent claims 10-17, the Court determined that the additional features were well-understood, routine and conventional, and thus, did not transform the abstract idea of claim 1 into patent eligible subject matter. Regarding claims 24 and 25, although noting that they differ from claim 1 in that they recite a specific DPP-IV inhibitor, the Court concluded that, like claim 1, they are directed to an abstract idea, i.e., administering a DPP-IV inhibitor to a target population, and their additional features are well-understood, routine and conventional and do not add enough to transform the abstract idea to patent eligible subject matter under § 101. Superficially, this decision may appear to be consistent with Mayo – methods of treatment claims that manipulate natural biological processes are considered to be directed to patent ineligible subject matter under § 101. However, such claims may be transformed into patent eligible claims if their recited additional features or steps are not well-known, routine or conventional. In Boehringer, it is not perfectly clear that the treatment claims of the patent-at-issue are directed to a law of nature or an abstract idea.  Claim 1 is directed to an active practical application of a compound for treatment. For the first prong of its § 101 analysis, the Court erroneously undertook the determination of whether “claim 1 of the ’156 patent provides [ ] contribution over conventional knowledge of administering DPP-IV inhibitors”; this is irrelevant to the determination of whether the claims at issue are directed to a patent ineligible concept. In Rapid Litigation, the Federal Circuit stated that “[t]he ’929 patent claims are like thousands of others that recite processes to achieve a desired outcome, e.g., methods of producing things, or methods of treating disease. That one way of describing the process is to describe the natural ability of the subject matter to undergo the process does not make the claim ‘directed to’ that natural ability. If that were so, we would find patent-ineligible methods of, say, producing a new compound (as directed to the individual components’ ability to combine to form the new compound), treating cancer with chemotherapy (as directed to cancer cells’ inability to survive chemotherapy), or treating headaches with aspirin (as directed to the human body’s natural response to aspirin).” Id. at 1048-49. The USPTO adopted the Rapid Litigation standard and analysis in its July 14, 2016 memo, discussing both Rapid Litigation and Ariosa Diagnostics, Inc. v. Sequenom, Inc., 788 F. 3d 1371 (Fed. Cir. 2015), in which it reaffirmed the patentability of method of treatment claims. The Boehringer decision also appears at odds with the USPTO Subject Matter Eligibility Examples:[1] Life Sciences – Example 29 “Diagnosing and Treating Julitis.” Example 29 concerns a claim reading “[a] method of treating a patient with julitis, the method comprising administering an effective amount of anti-TNF antibodies to a patient suffering from julitis.” “Although the claim recites a nature-based product limitation (the anti-TNF antibodies), analysis of the claim as a whole indicates that the claim is focused on a process of practically applying the product to treat a particular disease (julitis), and not on the product per se. Accordingly, it is not necessary to perform the markedly different characteristics analysis on the antibodies. The recited step of administering antibodies to a patient suffering from julitis does not recite or describe any recognized exception. See, e.g., Mayo, 132 S. Ct. at 1297 (recited steps of administering a drug to a patient and determining the resultant level of 6-thioguanine in the patient “are not themselves natural laws”). Thus, the claim is not directed to an exception (Step 2A[2]: NO). The claim is eligible.” Id. For the second prong of the § 101 analysis, the use of the treatment in a specific patient subpopulation (i.e., patients for whom metformin therapy is inappropriate) may possibly constitute a non-routine/non-conventional element for the second prong of the § 101 analysis. Further, the § 101 analysis in Boehringer should have been a matter for trial, not a motion to dismiss. For example, a motion to dismiss in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Merck & Co., Inc., C.A. No 15-560-GMS (D. Del. March 17, 2016) was denied despite dicta by the Court. Id., D.I. 70. The Bristol-Myers Squibb (“BMS”) claim reads “[a] method of treating a lung cancer comprising administering a composition comprising a human or humanized anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody to a human with the lung cancer, wherein the administration of the composition treats the lung cancer in the human.” The BMS court denied the motion while finding that that the “patent touches upon a natural phenomenon by using T cells to activate the immune system. The inventors relied on the fact that inhibiting ‘signals of PD-1, PD-L 1 or PD-L2 inhibit cancer proliferation through the mechanism of the recovery and activation of immune function.’ [ ] This interaction is a natural phenomenon.” Id. at 3, FN1. The Court properly took “the factual allegations in the patent [ ] as true and read [them] in the light most favorable to Bristol-Myers” and stated that “the’999 patent is entitled to a presumption of validity under 35 U.S.C. § 282,” in concluding that “Merck has not met its burden to prove by clear and convincing evidence. _______________ [1] Although not precedential, the USPTO Examples are useful guidelines. [2] The USPTO refers to the determination of the first prong of the § 101 analysis as Step 2A. The Author Joseph Robinson has over 20 years of experience in all aspects of intellectual property law. He focuses his practice in the pharmaceutical, life sciences, biotechnology, and medical device fields. His practice encompasses litigation, including Hatch-Waxman litigation; licensing; counseling; due diligence; and patent and trademark prosecution. He has served as litigation counsel in a variety of patent and trademark disputes in many different jurisdictions, and has also served as appellate counsel before the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Joe also focuses on complex inter partes matters before the U.S Patent and Trademark Office, inventorship disputes, reexaminations and reissues. His experience includes numerous interferences, a particular advantage in new U.S. Patent and Trademark Office post-grant proceedings. He also counsels on patent–related U.S. Food and Drug Administration issues, including citizen petitions, Orange Book listing, and trademark issues. For more information and to contact Joe please visit his profile page at the Troutman Sanders website. Irina Vainberg is a partner in the New York office of Troutman Sanders LLP. Her practice is focused on patent prosecution, client counseling and strategic portfolio development, as well as licensing and collaboration agreements in the fields of biotechnology and pharmaceuticals. Her patent experience includes immunology, microbiology, virology, neurobiology, transgenic plant technologies, and pharmaceutical and cosmetic formulations. Irina received her J.D. from Fordham University School of Law and her Ph.D. in cell biology and biochemistry from New York University. For more information, or to contact Irina, please visit her firm profile page. Heather Ettinger is a partner in the law firm of Troutman Sanders LLP and is based in the firm’s New York office. Heather focuses her practice on intellectual property due diligence and transaction drafting, intellectual property litigation, and patent counseling and procurement in the biotechnical and pharmaceutical fields. She also regularly counsels in Hatch-Waxman issues and has significant Hatch-Waxman litigation experience. She has extensive experience on patent matters in areas such as recombinant molecular biology, pharmaceutical formulations, genetically modified plants, enzyme and other large molecule technology and small molecule chemistry. Heather earned her J.D., cum laude, from Fordham University School of Law and her Ph.D. in biological and biomedical sciences from Harvard University. For more information, or to contact Heather, please visit her firm profile page. Grace Yang focuses her practice on intellectual property litigation in biotechnology, pharmaceuticals, including Hatch-Waxman suits, and medical devices, and intellectual property due diligence. She has worked on matters spanning a wide range of technical fields, such as oncology, neurology, genetics, and immunology. Grace received her J.D. from Fordham University School of Law and her Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry from University of California, San Diego. Her doctoral research was based on developing synthetic aminoglycosidic antibiotics that inhibit bacteria’s ability to synthesize protein by interfering with the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the bacterial ribosome 30S subunit. For more information, or to contact Grace, please visit her firm profile page. Tags:Alice-Mayo Framework, Boehringer Ingelheim Pharms. v. HEC Pharm Co., judicial exceptions, medical, method claim, Method Claims, methods, natural law, patent, patent eligibility, patent eligible, Patentability, patentability requirements, patentable subject matter, patents, Pharmaceutical, pharmaceuticals, treatment regimens, treatments Posted In:Courts, District Courts, Guest Contributors, IP News, IPWatchdog Articles, IPWatchdog.com Articles, Medical Devices & Methods, Patent Eligibility, Patent Litigation, Patentability, Patents Warning & Disclaimer: The pages, articles and comments on IPWatchdog.com do not constitute legal advice, nor do they create any attorney-client relationship. The articles published express the personal opinion and views of the author and should not be attributed to the author’s employer, clients or the sponsors of IPWatchdog.com. Read more. Discuss this There are currently 2 Comments comments. Join the discussion. IPnewbie January 19, 2017 10:13 am Yes this should not be 101. But it is obviously a lame patent. Sounds like the judge misused 101 to save everyone from an expensive and useless trial. Inventor January 20, 2017 6:08 am IPnewbie, Can you explain why you feel it is a lame patent? Or is that just one of those things you need to see before knowing? The rules are: 1) Is it non-obvious? Is there an inventive step? 2) Is it novel? 3) Is it useful? Post a Comment Respectfully add to the discussion. Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Post Your Event → Upcoming Events Tue 31 IP Lecture on “Patent Mistakes in the Administrative State” January 31 @ 12:00 pm - 1:30 pm EST Chicago 1 Feb 01 Examining the Rise and Rise of the Intangible Asset February 1 @ 3:00 pm - 3:30 pm EST Apr 26 World Intellectual Property Forum April 26 @ 9:00 am - April 28 @ 6:00 pm EDT Jun 18 IPBC Global 2017 June 18 @ 5:30 pm - June 20 @ 7:30 am EDT Ottawa, Canada 1 View More… Junior Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Federal Circuit Giles Sutherland Rich: The patent legacy that started with a failed eye exam Other Barks & Bites for Wednesday, January 25th, 2017 Ex parte Itagaki: Has the PTAB gone too far in invalidating patents under 35 USC 101 Teva Liable for Induced Infringement of Eli Lilly’s Lung Cancer Drug ALIMTA CAFC finds graphical user interface patent claims eligible, CBM decision still pending Other Barks & Bites for Wednesday, January 18th, 2017 A Slanted View of Scandalous and Disparaging Trademarks Federal Circuit Upholds Sanctions and Attorney’s Fees for Vexatious Litigation and Frivolous Appeal CAFC: When Relying Common Sense There Must be Explicit and Clear Reasoning CAFC Reverses on Indefiniteness Because Claim Terms Sufficiently Supported by Examples Intramural Sponsors Advertise Here Patent Drafting Basics Patent Drafting 101: The Basics of Describing Your Invention in a Patent Application Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds Patent Drafting: Describing What is Unique Without Puffing 5 things inventors and startups need to know about patents Drafting Patent Applications: Writing Method Claims An Introduction to Patent Claims Patent Drawings: An Economical Way to Expand Disclosure Patent Language Difficulties: Open Mouth, Insert Foot Patent & Invention Basics Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim The Patent Process on a Tight but Realistic Budget Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds The Inventor’s Patent Dilemma: Beware the many pitfalls waiting to trip up the unwary Provisional Patent Applications the Right Way, the Wal-Mart Way Patent Drafting: Describing What is Unique Without Puffing Inventing to Solve Problems 5 things inventors and startups need to know about patents Drafting Patent Applications: Writing Method Claims Tags Apple Authors CAFC Capitol Hill Copyright David Kappos famous inventors Federal Circuit Gene Quinn Guest Contributor independent inventor independent inventors innovation intellectual property Internet inter partes review inventor IPR patent Patentability patentability requirements patentable subject matter patent application patent eligibility patent eligible patent infringement Patent Litigation patent office patent prosecution Patent Reform patents Patent Trial and Appeal Board patent troll Patent Trolls PTAB SCOTUS Software software patent software patents technology trademark trademarks US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Archives Archives Select Month January 2017  (108) December 2016  (98) November 2016  (82) October 2016  (100) September 2016  (84) August 2016  (87) July 2016  (82) June 2016  (94) May 2016  (83) April 2016  (81) March 2016  (88) February 2016  (73) January 2016  (83) December 2015  (73) November 2015  (71) October 2015  (66) September 2015  (67) August 2015  (74) July 2015  (58) June 2015  (56) May 2015  (51) April 2015  (64) March 2015  (73) February 2015  (63) January 2015  (61) December 2014  (63) November 2014  (46) October 2014  (53) September 2014  (48) August 2014  (42) July 2014  (46) June 2014  (46) May 2014  (52) April 2014  (52) March 2014  (55) February 2014  (41) January 2014  (48) December 2013  (45) November 2013  (39) October 2013  (40) September 2013  (40) August 2013  (34) July 2013  (46) June 2013  (62) May 2013  (46) April 2013  (52) March 2013  (60) February 2013  (58) January 2013  (77) December 2012  (57) November 2012  (53) October 2012  (56) September 2012  (36) August 2012  (42) July 2012  (49) June 2012  (44) May 2012  (36) April 2012  (38) March 2012  (44) February 2012  (33) January 2012  (34) December 2011  (28) November 2011  (33) October 2011  (36) September 2011  (39) August 2011  (30) July 2011  (33) June 2011  (36) May 2011  (41) April 2011  (45) March 2011  (40) February 2011  (40) January 2011  (42) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (41) October 2010  (35) September 2010  (33) August 2010  (34) July 2010  (34) June 2010  (38) May 2010  (31) April 2010  (31) March 2010  (40) February 2010  (34) January 2010  (30) December 2009  (43) November 2009  (33) October 2009  (44) September 2009  (37) August 2009  (35) July 2009  (37) June 2009  (36) May 2009  (35) April 2009  (34) March 2009  (32) February 2009  (22) January 2009  (34) December 2008  (26) November 2008  (25) October 2008  (8) September 2008  (14) August 2008  (6) July 2008  (3) June 2008  (5) May 2008  (5) April 2008  (12) March 2008  (4) February 2008  (14) January 2008  (11) December 2007  (4) Popular Posts Trump on IP and Patent Reform: What Silicon Valley Doesn’t Understand How to Patent Software in a Post Alice Era PTAB declares MRI machine an abstract idea, patent ineligible under Alice Pence, Conservative Views on Patents Likely to Influence Trump The patent views of Peter Thiel and what they mean for the Trump Administration Mobile Payments: FinTech vs. Non-FinTech Patent Landscape What is the Internet of Things and Why does it Matter? USPTO issues new memorandum on software eligibility in light of McRo, BASCOM A Guide to Software Patent Eligibility at the Federal Circuit China increasingly a preferred venue for patent litigation, even for US patent owners The Enabling Technologies of the Internet of Things Trump on Copyright: How the Trump Administration will approach copyright law and potential copyright reforms Software Patents Will Survive: How Section 101 Law Is Settling Down Hasbro faces copyright infringement claim over My Little Pony gaming app Patent infringer lobby pushes Trump Transition Team to aggressively pursue patent reform At IPWatchdog.com our focus is on the business, policy and substance of patents and other forms of intellectual property, such as copyrights and trademarks. Today IPWatchdog is recognized as one of the leading sources for news and information in the patent and innovation industries. In January 2014 we were honored to be inducted into the ABA Blawg Hall of Fame after being recognized for 3 years as the top IP blog on the Internet. © 1999 - 2017 IPWatchdog, Inc. Terms & Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy Recent Posts Water Balloons, Weapons of Mass Destruction and the PTAB Giles Sutherland Rich: The patent legacy that started with a failed eye exam Honeywell announces patent suit against Code Corp. over barcode scanners The Disintegration of the American Patent System Apple, FTC file lawsuits against Qualcomm over FRAND violations in processor licenses, Apple seeks $1B award Subscribe to our Blog via email Connect with IPWatchdog  
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Global Single-Use Bio-Processing Systems Market to Reach Worth USD 19,059.3 Mn by 2023: Credence Research Global Single-Use Bio-Processing Systems Market to Reach Worth USD 19,059.3 Mn by 2023: Credence Research By swatimahajan   /   Thursday, 19 Jan 2017 12:06AM   /   Comments Off on Global Single-Use Bio-Processing Systems Market to Reach Worth USD 19,059.3 Mn by 2023: Credence Research   /   24 views share According to the latest report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Single-Use Bio-Processing Systems Market – (Application Type – R&D Support Bio-processing Systems and GMP Single-use Bio-processing Systems): Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2023,” the market was valued at USD 1,946.7 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 19,059.3 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 33.0% from 2016 to 2022. Browse the full report Single-Use Bio-Processing Systems: Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/single-use-bio-processing-systems-market Market Insights   The Global Single-use Bio-processing Systems market is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period primarily by the growing demand and cost- effective features of these single-use systems, which are mostly used in R&D applications. The essential bio-processing systems used in R&D applications are disposable bioreactors, mixers, containers, tubing, connectors, sampling systems, purification devices and columns, and probes/sensors. The overall market has also undergone a paradigm shift owing to the growing usage of GMP single-use systems and the increasing outsourcing activities to the developing nations. North America held the largest regional market, accounting for the market share of over 35% in 2015, and is expected to dominate the global single-user bio-processing systems market during the forecast period of 2016 to 2022. The prime factors driving the market are adoption of cost-cutting practices by biopharmaceutical companies. and the increasing prevalence of diseases leading to the procurement of biologics and biopharmaceuticals. Asia Pacific is expected at a highest rate during the forecast period increasing adoption of single-use bio-processing systems, the rise in healthcare spending, and the increase in outsourcing activities by biopharmaceutical vendors based in the developed region. Browse All Reports of This Category @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/industry/biotechnology-market Based on application type, The R&D Support Single-use Systems held the largest share in the global single-use bio-processing systems market. The market is driven primarily by the growing demand and cost-effective features of these single-use systems, which are mostly used in R&D applications. The GMP single-use systems are expected to grow at the highest growth rate as the GMP single-use systems are employed by biopharmaceutical companies and other bio-manufacturing companies for reorienting their business and manufacturing processes. The key players in the global single-use bio-processing systems market are GE Healthcare, Merck, Sartorius, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Broadley-James, Cellexus, Eppendorf, Finesse Solutions, Pall, Parker Hannifin, Saint-Gobain and others. About Credence Research: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. For More Information, Visit: Credence Research Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research Contact Person: Chris Smith, Designation: Global Sales Manager Phone: 1-800-361-8290 FREE Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Share this: Share on Tumblr Global Wearable Lifelogging Cameras Sales Market Report Share, Trends, Growth, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 < Previous Smart Cards in Healthcare Market to Cross US$ 1 Bn by 2022: Credence Research Next > Recommended stories you may like: Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Clinical Nutrition Market has been expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Global Clean Label Ingredients Market is expected to grow US$ 52.9 Bn till 2023 – Credence Research Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence ResearchJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Business Survey 2023 – Global Citrus Essential Oils Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Credence Research Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Methylene Dichloride Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Disposable Infusion Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Direct Digital Imaging System Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Digital Radiography Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Computer X Ray Imaging Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Trash Compactor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 27, 2017, Comments Off on Swimming Pool Filter Pump Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska 22 Biopharma Companies Partner and Launch First-of-its-kind Global Initiative to Address Rise of Non-Communicable Diseases English Deutsch Français Español - Global, multi-stakeholder collaboration, called Access Accelerated, to be delivered in partnership with World Bank Group and Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) - Initial three-year commitment will catalyze, develop, measure and replicate sustainable programs in low and lower-middle income countries - Collective funding of $50 million and increased individual company program commitments to address NCDs News provided by The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations Jan 18, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today at the World Economic Forum, twenty-two leading biopharmaceutical companies launched Access Accelerated, a global initiative to advance access to non-communicable disease (NCD) prevention and care in low and lower-middle income countries (LICs and LMICs). NCDs have reached a point of crisis, particularly in lower and middle income countries, where nearly 80 percent of NCD-related deaths occur. The goal of Access Accelerated, in partnership with the World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC), is to work towards the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) target to reduce premature deaths from NCDs by one-third by 2030.  "Through the commitment and expertise of the Access Accelerated partners, we will work towards a shared vision where no person dies prematurely from a preventable, treatable disease," said Ian Read, Chief Executive Officer of Pfizer and President of The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), on behalf of the initiative. "If the current trend in NCDs in low- and lower-middle income countries is not reversed, there is a real possibility we will undermine the progress we have made in health around the world. To reach our goal, we need to catalyze new partnerships, learn quickly and advance the resources and knowledge that will enable countries to tackle NCDs."   Building on more than 100 long-standing individual company investments to advance NCD care in developing countries, Access Accelerated will bring additional accountability and transparency to existing efforts while also placing a specific emphasis on addressing access barriers to NCD prevention, treatment and care. Efforts will be evaluated with the support of independent experts at Boston University to establish a framework for progress, measure effectiveness and deliver ongoing reporting.   With the World Bank Group the initiative will identify solutions to address financing, regulatory and service delivery barriers at country level. Additionally, the World Bank Group will conduct pilots in primary care to improve NCD outcomes in several countries, with an initial focus on a country in Africa.  "The rapid increase in NCDs in developing countries is a serious threat to our goal of improving the health of the world's poorest citizens and achieving universal health coverage," said Tim Evans, Senior Director of Health, Nutrition and Population at the World Bank Group. "Tackling this successfully will take coordinated effort by governments, civil society, the private sector and international partners. This new effort is an opportunity for all players to test and scale up innovative ways to deliver effective care for NCDs, with a strong focus on primary health care." In addition, the initiative plans to develop partnerships with organizations specializing in each of the major non-communicable diseases (NCDs), starting with cancer. As part of this effort, the coalition of companies will serve as a foundational partner of the UICC's C/Can 2025: City Cancer Challenge (C/Can 2025), which also launched at the World Economic Forum. In 2017, C/Can 2025 will engage cities around the world with a population over 1 million to improve cancer treatment and care, working with specific 'learning cities' in low- and middle-income countries which require international support to develop effective, sustainable cancer care delivery for their citizens. Initial learning cities will include Cali, Colombia; Asuncion, Paraguay; and Yangon, Myanmar; with additional locations to be announced this year. "C/Can 2025 strives towards a future where all cities can address the growing cancer burden they face and in low- and middle-income countries the international community can help put in place effective diagnostics and treatment to patients at risk of or diagnosed with cancer," said Cary Adams, Chief Executive Officer at UICC. "By working with Access Accelerated we will be able to improve cancer survival rates everywhere." For more information, please visit http://www.accessaccelerated.org. About Access Accelerated Access Accelerated is a first-of-its-kind, multi-stakeholder collaboration focused on improving NCD care. Involving more than 20 biopharmaceutical companies, the initiative works with partners such as World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) to help overcome a variety of access barriers to NCD medicines in low-income and lower-middle income countries. Access Accelerated will support multi-stakeholder dialogue and begin on-the-ground work to improve NCD prevention, diagnosis and treatment.   Contributing companies include: Almirall, Astellas, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Chugai, Daiichi Sankyo, Eisai, Eli Lilly and Company, EFPIA, GlaxoSmithKline, The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), Johnson & Johnson, JPMA, Menarini, Merck, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, PhRMA, Roche, Sanofi, Shionogi, Sumitomo Dainippon, Takeda and UCB. IFPMA will act as the Secretariat for Access Accelerated.  About Non-Communicable Diseases (NCDs) NCDs, including cancers, cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory disease, diabetes and mental health disorders are the leading causes of death and disability worldwide. This places a double burden on communities and economies around the world already combating infectious diseases. CONTACT: MJ Walker, MJWalker@webershandwick.com, 212-445-8411 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/22-biopharma-companies-partner-and-launch-first-of-its-kind-global-initiative-to-address-rise-of-non-communicable-diseases-300392195.html SOURCE The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations Related Links http://www.accessaccelerated.org Jan 18, 2017, 00:00 ET Preview: 22 Sociétés Biopharmaceutiques s'Unissent pour Lancer la Première Initiative Mondiale Unique pour Traiter la Hausse des Maladies Non Transmissibles My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 18, 2017, 13:21 ET22 compañías biofarmacéuticas lanzan la primera iniciativa para... Jan 18, 2017, 00:00 ET22 Biopharmazeutische Unternehmen kooperieren und starten eine... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Joint Ventures Trade Show News You just read: 22 Biopharma Companies Partner and Launch First-of-its-kind Global Initiative to Address Rise of Non-Communicable Diseases News provided by The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations Jan 18, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release 22 Biopharma Companies Partner and Launch First-of-its-kind Global Initiative to Address Rise of Non-Communicable Diseases By Published: Jan 18, 2017 12:00 a.m. ET Share - Global, multi-stakeholder collaboration, called Access Accelerated, to be delivered in partnership with World Bank Group and Union for International Cancer Control (UICC)- Initial three-year commitment will catalyze, develop, measure and replicate sustainable programs in low and lower-middle income countries- Collective funding of $50 million and increased individual company program commitments to address NCDs DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today at the World Economic Forum, twenty-two leading biopharmaceutical companies launched Access Accelerated, a global initiative to advance access to non-communicable disease (NCD) prevention and care in low and lower-middle income countries (LICs and LMICs). NCDs have reached a point of crisis, particularly in lower and middle income countries, where nearly 80 percent of NCD-related deaths occur. The goal of Access Accelerated, in partnership with the World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC), is to work towards the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) target to reduce premature deaths from NCDs by one-third by 2030.  "Through the commitment and expertise of the Access Accelerated partners, we will work towards a shared vision where no person dies prematurely from a preventable, treatable disease," said Ian Read, Chief Executive Officer of Pfizer and President of The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), on behalf of the initiative. "If the current trend in NCDs in low- and lower-middle income countries is not reversed, there is a real possibility we will undermine the progress we have made in health around the world. To reach our goal, we need to catalyze new partnerships, learn quickly and advance the resources and knowledge that will enable countries to tackle NCDs."   Building on more than 100 long-standing individual company investments to advance NCD care in developing countries, Access Accelerated will bring additional accountability and transparency to existing efforts while also placing a specific emphasis on addressing access barriers to NCD prevention, treatment and care. Efforts will be evaluated with the support of independent experts at Boston University to establish a framework for progress, measure effectiveness and deliver ongoing reporting.   With the World Bank Group the initiative will identify solutions to address financing, regulatory and service delivery barriers at country level. Additionally, the World Bank Group will conduct pilots in primary care to improve NCD outcomes in several countries, with an initial focus on a country in Africa.  "The rapid increase in NCDs in developing countries is a serious threat to our goal of improving the health of the world's poorest citizens and achieving universal health coverage," said Tim Evans, Senior Director of Health, Nutrition and Population at the World Bank Group. "Tackling this successfully will take coordinated effort by governments, civil society, the private sector and international partners. This new effort is an opportunity for all players to test and scale up innovative ways to deliver effective care for NCDs, with a strong focus on primary health care." In addition, the initiative plans to develop partnerships with organizations specializing in each of the major non-communicable diseases (NCDs), starting with cancer. As part of this effort, the coalition of companies will serve as a foundational partner of the UICC's C/Can 2025: City Cancer Challenge (C/Can 2025), which also launched at the World Economic Forum. In 2017, C/Can 2025 will engage cities around the world with a population over 1 million to improve cancer treatment and care, working with specific 'learning cities' in low- and middle-income countries which require international support to develop effective, sustainable cancer care delivery for their citizens. Initial learning cities will include Cali, Colombia; Asuncion, Paraguay; and Yangon, Myanmar; with additional locations to be announced this year. "C/Can 2025 strives towards a future where all cities can address the growing cancer burden they face and in low- and middle-income countries the international community can help put in place effective diagnostics and treatment to patients at risk of or diagnosed with cancer," said Cary Adams, Chief Executive Officer at UICC. "By working with Access Accelerated we will be able to improve cancer survival rates everywhere." For more information, please visit http://www.accessaccelerated.org. About Access Accelerated Access Accelerated is a first-of-its-kind, multi-stakeholder collaboration focused on improving NCD care. Involving more than 20 biopharmaceutical companies, the initiative works with partners such as World Bank Group and the Union for International Cancer Control (UICC) to help overcome a variety of access barriers to NCD medicines in low-income and lower-middle income countries. Access Accelerated will support multi-stakeholder dialogue and begin on-the-ground work to improve NCD prevention, diagnosis and treatment.   Contributing companies include: Almirall, Astellas, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Chugai, Daiichi Sankyo, Eisai, Eli Lilly and Company, EFPIA, GlaxoSmithKline, The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), Johnson & Johnson, JPMA, Menarini, Merck, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, PhRMA, Roche, Sanofi, Shionogi, Sumitomo Dainippon, Takeda and UCB. IFPMA will act as the Secretariat for Access Accelerated.  About Non-Communicable Diseases (NCDs) NCDs, including cancers, cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory disease, diabetes and mental health disorders are the leading causes of death and disability worldwide. This places a double burden on communities and economies around the world already combating infectious diseases. CONTACT: MJ Walker, MJWalker@webershandwick.com, 212-445-8411 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/22-biopharma-companies-partner-and-launch-first-of-its-kind-global-initiative-to-address-rise-of-non-communicable-diseases-300392195.html SOURCE The International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
