Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Will Merck Let Incyte Go After AstraZeneca, Bristol, Roche Team-Ups Too? Incyte could be in line for more partnerships with some of the largest drugmakers, says an analyst. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) ALLISON GATLIN 1/27/2017 Reprints Incyte (INCY) could pull in $4.8 billion in 2026 peak sales on its Merck (MRK) partnership alone, Goldman Sachs analyst Salveen Richter said Friday — and that's without noting collaborations with AstraZeneca (AZN), Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) and Roche (RHHBY). But those collaborations with AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers and Roche don't target the substantial non-small cell lung cancer market, an opportunity that Richter pegs at $2.7 billion in 2026 peak sales. And whether Incyte goes that route will likely depend on whether Merck pushes for exclusivity, she says. Richter boosted her price target Friday on Incyte stock to 149 from 116, and kept her buy rating. In the stock market today, Incyte stock rose 0.9% to 121.72. Shares are up 21% for the year but are now extended from a 110.05 buy point out of a flat base first touched on Jan. 9. Incyte's epacadostat is an immune-oncology, or I-O, drug, as are Keytruda from Merck, Opdivo and Yervoy from Bristol-Myers, Tecentriq from AstraZeneca and durvalumab from Roche. These therapies target PD-1, PD-L1, CTLA-4 and IDO molecules, which act as "brakes" on the immune system, providing a negative signal to T cells. IBD'S TAKE: Incyte has a slew of potential blockbusters, and not all in the immune-oncology sector. Dive into The New America for a deeper analysis for more "Incyte" into those potential markets. Tumor cells apply the brakes to prevent their destruction by the immune system, Richter explained. I-O drugs remove the brake, allowing T cells to attack the tumor. Combinations of I-O drugs are thought to be more potent than combining I-O with chemo (though Merck is testing that too). "Based on encouraging early data from epacadostat in combinations with Keytruda, we view Incyte's IDO (inhibitor) as one of the leading 'add-ons' to PD-1/PD-L1," she wrote in a research report. Merck and Bristol-Myers are often seen as going head-to-head in the I-O space as their Keytruda and Opdivo both target PD-1 and are approved as monotherapies for melanoma, advanced lung cancer, and head and neck cancer. Both firms are also working on combos. This month, though, Merck announced an expanded collaboration with Incyte to test Keytruda and epacadostat in a total of five tumor types: first-line melanoma, advanced lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, head and neck cancer and bladder cancer. Incyte's epacadostat is safe as a monotherapy, but only 29% of advanced melanoma patients in an earlier phase 1 trial could achieve a stable disease. In an earlier combo of epacadostat and Yervoy, 31% of patients hit an overall response rate. But toxicity also rose in the liver. "In our view, this result highlights the potential for I-O/I-O synergies with IDO, with a continued focus on finding the most effective I-O doublets as second generation immunotherapies continue to emerge," Richter said. She sees Incyte hitting $2.7 billion in 2026 peak sales in the NSCLC market alone. But that estimate could be conservative. Incyte could also team up with AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers and Roche in NSCLC, pending the details of exclusivity with Merck. Outside its partnership with Merck, Incyte is already testing epacadostat with AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers and Roche in treating other types of cancer. RELATED: Bristol-Myers Topples On 2017 Guidance Cut Amid Merck I-O Rivalry Could Merck's 'Meaningful' Keytruda Royalty Give Bristol-Myers A Leg Up? Biotech Stocks Might Catalyze, Or Plunge, On These 4 Key Sectors In 2017 ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Bristol-Myers lowered its guidance, sending its stock falling. (Bristol-Myers) Bristol-Myers Topples On 2017 Guidance Cut Amid Merck I-O Competition 1/26/2017 Bristol-Myers stock toppled after the company posted mixed earnings and lowered its earnings guidance. 1/26/2017 Bristol-Myers stock toppled after the company posted mixed earnings and... Incyte Gets $112 Million Boost On Novartis Jakavi Royalties: RBC Novartis Signals It's Ready To Give Up On Alcon Eye-Care Unit Roche Gouges Bristol-Myers' Q4 Lung Cancer Share Amid Merck Rivalry Could Merck's 'Meaningful' Keytruda Royalty Give Bristol-Myers A Leg Up? Incyte Has Insight Into Market With Potential Blockbuster Drugs Amgen Could Gouge 'Top Pick' AbbVie With Humira Biosimilar: Jefferies Dow Leads As Trump Sworn In, But Stocks Close Lower For The Week Prothena Grabbing At Chunk Of $201B Immunotherapy Market: CEO Exclusive Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Health News, Good to Know Where Is the Vaccine Safety Grey Area? Health News, Good to Know Where Is the Vaccine Safety Grey Area? Vaccines Are Not All Dangerous but Not All Safe By Martha Rosenberg | January 27, 2017 AT 2:52 PM Last Updated: January 27, 2017 2:52 pm (pedalist/shutterstock) There may be no more volatile American debate than between the scientific community and anti-vaccine activists—or more absolutist. “Anti-vaxxers” are unscientific and putting the public at risk scream mainstream scientists. Pharma is overwhelming children with tsunamis of vaccines that are harming them in droves scream activists. Even news sites that are so anti-mainstream they claim that ISIS was created by the U.S. government to advance its global mission bash anti-vaccine activists and call them “unscientific.” Nowhere is the vaccine grey area even given an airing. Nowhere is the vaccine grey area even given an airing. What is the grey area? Not all vaccines are safe or unsafe. Not all vaccines are life-saving or necessary. There is no defensible reason for vaccines to be given all at once to a child, which many say heightens risks. And finally, disturbing financial conflicts of interest among pro-vaxxers do exist. It is not surprising mainstream scientists would counsel unconditional trust of Pharma vaccines since their medical centers, hospital wings, universities and sometimes personal paychecks are funded by the drug industry. But a quick look at withdrawn drugs like Vioxx, Bextra, Baycol, Trovan, Meridia, Darvon, Phen-Fen, Raxar, Seldane and more shows that expensive drugs that harm is very much part of Pharma’s history. We ignore it at our own peril. Related Coverage Study Finds Surprising Results in Vaccine Debate on Zuckerberg’s Facebook Post CDC Says FluMist Vaccine Doesn’t Work, Shouldn’t Be Used While vilifying anti-vaccine activists, mainstream scientists never mention the existence of the federal National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP) which, since 1988, has settled more than 16,000 claims and awarded $3.18 billion in injury settlements. When I asked a vaccine expert why the court existed if vaccines are unremittingly safe he told me that vaccines are so basic to public health yet so non-lucrative (compared to billion dollar pills), the government does not want vaccine makers bankrupted by lawsuits. By ignoring the court and the ghastly injuries it settles—I was told, off the record, about a woman who lost her fingers and toes from vasculitis caused by a vaccine—mainstream scientists do themselves a disservice. They should admit that vaccines do harm, even if only rarely, and also admit that not all vaccines are “life-saving.” It is no secret that vaccines and other “biologics”—liquid drugs that have to be injected—are the new marketing focus of Pharma as its billion dollar blockbuster pills like Lipitor and Viagra have gone off patent. The Case of Gardasil A few years ago, Merck attempted to cast Gardasil, a vaccine against the HPV virus (which is linked to venereal warts and cervical cancer) as virtually life-saving. Merck even marketed it in poor countries where cervical cancer is hardly a leading cause of death compared to malaria or diarrheal diseases. (In developed countries, a Pap test is as effective as a vaccine in preventing cervical cancer.) Last year, judges in India’s Supreme Court demanded answers after children died during a trial of Gardasil and Cervarix, GlaxoSmithKline’s counterpart vaccine, a few years earlier. According to CBS News there was another cloud over Gardasil. “Merck gave $6,000 to [Texas Gov. Rick] Perry’s election campaign fund as part of a national lobbying effort to persuade states that it ought to require Gardasil as one of the vaccines all kids should have before attending school,” it wrote. The director of a Merck-funded pro-Gardasil group was also Perry’s then-chief of staff’s mother-in-law. Nor did the departure of former CDC director Julie Gerberding to head Merck’s vaccines division look right to many ethics specialists. Docs Gone Bad Mainstream scientists have savaged Andrew Wakefield, a British medical researcher found to have conducted fraudulent research linking the measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine to autism with financial gain his apparent motive. His corruption is said to disprove any scientific doubts about vaccine safety. Yet when researchers in the U.S. have been so dishonest they have gone to jail, the science they published still stands. Scott Reuben published fraudulent research on Lyrica, Effexor, Celebrex and other drugs for Pharma. He went to prison for six months but the “science” behind the drugs he promoted stands. Richard Borison, former psychiatry chief at Augusta Veterans Affairs (VA) medical center and Medical College of Georgia, went to prison for 15 years for using clinical trials of the antipsychotic Seroquel to line his own pockets. The drug went on to earn billions and the “research” still stands. What is the Middle Ground? As a reporter I have interviewed a man whose blindness was caused by a 1976 flu vaccine for which the government compensated him. More recently I interviewed a parent whose normal toddler was never the same after a vaccine and is now institutionalized. “He cried hysterically for 24 hours,” the parent, who is a medical practitioner, told me. Pharma is unwise to cast such parents, of whom there are many, as “nuts.” The degeneration of their child is not their imagination. Why doesn’t Pharma improve its credibility and say, “yes there are dangers but they are usually worth it?” But anti-vaccination activists also need to honor the “grey area.” Would anyone refuse a rabies vaccine after being bitten by a rabid raccoon? A tetanus shot after a serious wound? Would responsible parents deny their child a whooping cough or polio vaccine? Vaccines save lives. Like all drugs marketed these days, patients and parents need to weigh benefits and risks and do their own research—never forgetting Pharma’s spotty safety record. Martha Rosenberg is author of the award-cited food exposé “Born With a Junk Food Deficiency,” distributed by Random House. A nationally known muckraker, she has lectured at the university and medical school level and appeared on radio and television. Views expressed in this article are the opinions of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of Epoch Times. Editor’s Picks The Danger of Political Labels In India, Support for Currency Ban Holds Despite Hardships Book Review: ‘$uperhubs’ Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in Health NewsTo Brew or Not to Brew? Expert Advice on Coffee’s Health BenefitsDying From Cancer: Could Your Location Determine Your Fate?You Might Be Working Yourself to Death (Really)Foods to Eat More, Not Less in 2017 Latest in Health Traditional Chinese Medicine Conscious Beauty and Well-Being: Caring for the Body During ‘Major Cold’ Health News To Brew or Not to Brew? Expert Advice on Coffee’s Health Benefits Fitness & Nutrition Want to Lose Weight? Train the Brain, Not the Body Traditional Chinese Medicine Attracting Good Fortune in the Year of the Fire Rooster Treatments and Techniques Dry Winter Hair Care Fitness & Nutrition Dedication’s What You Need Health News Dying From Cancer: Could Your Location Determine Your Fate? Fitness & Nutrition 5 Wellness Trends That Are Going To Be Huge in 2017 Treatments and Techniques It’s Not Too Late to Make a Resolution to Raise Great Kids! × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Alphabet Delivers Another 'Exceptional' Quarter Alphabet investors have much to be pleased with Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Ways to Prevent a Tax Audit How to minimize the risk of an audit My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history January 27, 2017, 02:05:00 PM EDT By Reuters Shutterstock photo 
By Bill BerkrotJan 27 (Reuters) - Merck & Co <MRK.N> on Friday posted seven
years of information showing a high single-digit percentage
annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a
move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the
U.S. market.
    Politicians, health insurers and most recently President
Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S.
prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump
said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with
murder." [nL1N1F11F0]
    Other pharmaceutical companies have also signaled intentions
to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost.
    In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price
hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent,
peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10
percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers
have targeted recently.
    See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw
    The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's
website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual
increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts
and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers
and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year.
    Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer
drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment.
The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by
helping the immune system to attack tumors command high prices
but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive
them.
    Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases
ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2
percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent.
    The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3
percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have
been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for
covering a drugmakers' medicines.
    Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N> on Tuesday said it was planning to
release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new
disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses,
and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford
them. [nL4N1FE3YQ]
    Earlier this month, AbbVie <ABBV.N> became the third major
drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10
percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once
this year, rather than the common industry standard of two,
often double-digit percentage, price increases.
[nL1N1F11NH][nL1N1F21JF]

    <^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
GRAPHIC-Merck's drug price history    http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^>
 (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline
Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr)
 ((bill.berkrot@thomsonreuters.com; 1 646 223 6030; Reuters
Messaging: bill.berkrot.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))

Keywords: MERCK & CO DRUGPRICING/ (GRAPHIC)
 This article appears in: News Headlines Referenced Symbols: ABBV , JNJ , MRK More from Reuters Subscribe Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history UPDATE 3-AbbVie's revenue miss clouds strong Humira U.S. sales UPDATE 2-AbbVie's revenue misses as Hep C, cancer drugs drag Related stocks Articles Subscribe An Exhausting, Yet Positive Week 1/28/2017 01:30 AM Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 1/27/2017 09:30 PM Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter 1/27/2017 09:04 PM See headlines for ABBV Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Microsoft Corporation Q2 Earnings Climb 6% Whole Foods Market To Close Three Commercial Kitchens BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Arctic Cat, Halcon Resources, Bob Evans BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Arctic Cat, Freeport, Horizon Global WestRock To Acquire Multi Packaging Solutions For $18.00/shr - Quick Atos integrates heartbeat identification into its unique... 3 Tips For Finding Your First ETF ZipBooks Awarded $100K from Utah Governor’s Office of Economic... View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced ABBV 100% Rate It JNJ 85% Rate It MRK 84% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #GST #Budget2017 #Budget News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil prices fall as U.S. drillers add rigs Global stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances Business Standard Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history Reuters  January 28, 2017 Last Updated at 00:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USjtXq ALSO READ Merck receives demand notice from National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority Merck announces change in directorate Merck to hold board meeting Merck directors Brijesh Kapil and Ali Sleiman resign Leading psychoanalyst Sudhir Kakar gets Merck-Tagore Award By Bill Berkrot (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signalled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumours command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Merck | Co | Drugpricing PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. By Bill Berkrot (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signalled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumours command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history By Bill Berkrot (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signalled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumours command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Merck reveals seven years of its U.S. drug price increase history Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Fri Jan 27, 2017 | 2:08pm EST Merck reveals seven years of its U.S. drug price increase history By Bill Berkrot Merck & Co (MRK.N) on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signaled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumors command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie (ABBV.N) became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) Next In Business News Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension NEW YORK Bill Gates and Warren Buffett on Friday expressed optimism that the United States will move ahead as a nation, even as it works through political differences and gets used to the new Trump administration. Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers MEXICO CITY Seeking to quell a social media campaign imploring Mexicans to boycott U.S. companies, Starbucks defended itself on Friday, saying it had invested millions in the country, created more than 7,000 jobs, and that its local unit is Mexican-owned. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history By Reuters Published: 14:05 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 14:06 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail By Bill Berkrot Jan 27 (Reuters) - Merck & Co on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signaled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumors command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Companies Putting the Squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb Bristol-Myers Squibb's executives acknowledge stiff competition from Merck, Roche, and Gilead Sciences. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 27, 2017 at 12:03PM Most executives prefer to talk about their own companies instead of discussing rivals. However, Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) CEO Giovanni Caforio and other officers spent a lot of time in the company's fourth-quarter earnings call on Thursday talking about products made by other companies, specifically Merck (NYSE:MRK), Roche (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY), and Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD). Here's what was said about how these three competitors are putting the squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb. (Quotes courtesy of S&P Global Market Intelligence.) Image source: Getty Images. Merck, Merck, and more Merck Caforio first mentioned Merck in reference to the recent settlement made over Bristol-Myers Squibb's lawsuit alleging patent infringement. Merck agreed to pay $625 million upfront to BMS and its partner, Ono Pharmaceutical, plus royalties on sales of Keytruda. However, there was a lot more discussion about how Merck and Keytruda threaten Opdivo. Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers Squibb's chief commercial officer, was asked point-blank how the company would defend Opdivo against Keytruda if the drug gains approval as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. Gordon acknowledged that BMS was assuming Merck will win a thumbs-up from the FDA and said, "that clearly puts our lung business under some pressure going forward." However, Caforio emphasized his company's broad program of exploring combination regimens with Opdivo, including with Yervoy and with chemotherapies. He added that these opportunities could allow BMS "to play a meaningful role in first-line lung cancer going forward." Caforio later had to answer a question that included a premise that BMS once held a significant lead in immuno-oncology, but had given up that lead to Merck. His response didn't dispute the premise of the question. Caforio instead pointed to the significant number of late-stage programs in the pipeline that read over the next 12 to 24 months. And that wasn't the end of it. Another question related to the potential threat from Merck's combination of Keytruda with Incyte's ID01 inhibitor epacadostat. Chief scientific officer Francis Cuss pointed to Bristol-Myers Squibb's own combo studies with Incyte as well as the company's studies with an IDO inhibitor it gained with the 2015 acquisition of Flexus. Roche gaining ground While Merck and Keytruda dominated the discussion about Opdivo's prospects, another competitor's product also came up. Bristol-Myers Squibb CFO Charles Bancroft said in his initial remarks that "the U.S. lung market has started to become more competitive" primarily because of the entrance of Roche's Tecentriq as a second-line treatment. Murdo Gordon later acknowledged that most of Opdivo's erosion of market share as a second-line lung cancer treatment has been to Tecentriq. Gordon said Bristol-Myers Squibb ended 2016 with around a 40% share of the second-line market, which was in line with the company's expectations. He added later that Tecentriq took 10% of market share away from Opdivo in the fourth quarter. Gordon admitted that Roche was putting pressure on Opdivo in the second-line market. However, he said Bristol-Myers Squibb should be able to defend the business "with strong execution and a strong profile in second line."   Waving the white flag to Gilead Sciences in hepatitis C Bristol-Myers Squibb's fourth-quarter numbers looked good overall. However, a glaring weak spot was with its hepatitis C virus (HCV) franchise. Sales fell off a cliff in the fourth quarter, coming in 51% below the prior-year period. CFO Charles Bancroft didn't shy away from explaining why the HCV results were so bad. He said that competition from Gilead Sciences' new HCV drug Epclusa was the culprit. Bancroft said Bristol-Myers Squibb had halted all promotional activities for its HCV franchise in the U.S. and expected sales to drop off even faster in 2017.  While international sales for the company's HCV franchise didn't slip as badly as U.S. sales, Bancroft stated that the situation outside the U.S. would probably get worse. Gilead is steadily winning access for Epclusa in increasingly more countries.   From defense to offense If it sounds like Bristol-Myers Squibb's executive team was on the defensive during much of the fourth-quarter conference call, it's because they were. Roche and Gilead Sciences are already hurting the company's sales. Merck probably won't be far behind. However, BMS still has a lot going for it. Giovanni Caforio played up the company's strategy several times. The first priority of that strategy is commercial execution, particularly in international markets and with Eliquis and Orencia. The second priority is completing late-stage studies of Opdivo combos as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. The third priority is advancing the rest of the company's immuno-oncology programs. And the last priority is accelerating progress with the rest of the pipeline. If Bristol-Myers Squibb can deliver on these goals, the stock should be a winner for investors over the long run. And maybe in a future earnings call, the company's management will be able to talk less about competitors and more about Bristol-Myers Squibb.   Keith Speights owns shares of Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 27, 2017 at 12:03PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $71.26 up $0.04 (0.06%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $47.74 up $0.92 (1.96%) Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.68 up $0.17 (0.58%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Beaten-Up Healthcare Stocks: Are They Bargains? 2016's Worst Clinical Failures After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? The Scariest Thing About Bristol-Myers Squibb's Dividend Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Companies Putting the Squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GILD, $BMY, $RHHBY
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Companies Putting the Squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb Bristol-Myers Squibb's executives acknowledge stiff competition from Merck, Roche, and Gilead Sciences. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jan 27, 2017 at 12:03PM Most executives prefer to talk about their own companies instead of discussing rivals. However, Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) CEO Giovanni Caforio and other officers spent a lot of time in the company's fourth-quarter earnings call on Thursday talking about products made by other companies, specifically Merck (NYSE:MRK), Roche (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY), and Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD). Here's what was said about how these three competitors are putting the squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb. (Quotes courtesy of S&P Global Market Intelligence.) Image source: Getty Images. Merck, Merck, and more Merck Caforio first mentioned Merck in reference to the recent settlement made over Bristol-Myers Squibb's lawsuit alleging patent infringement. Merck agreed to pay $625 million upfront to BMS and its partner, Ono Pharmaceutical, plus royalties on sales of Keytruda. However, there was a lot more discussion about how Merck and Keytruda threaten Opdivo. Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers Squibb's chief commercial officer, was asked point-blank how the company would defend Opdivo against Keytruda if the drug gains approval as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. Gordon acknowledged that BMS was assuming Merck will win a thumbs-up from the FDA and said, "that clearly puts our lung business under some pressure going forward." However, Caforio emphasized his company's broad program of exploring combination regimens with Opdivo, including with Yervoy and with chemotherapies. He added that these opportunities could allow BMS "to play a meaningful role in first-line lung cancer going forward." Caforio later had to answer a question that included a premise that BMS once held a significant lead in immuno-oncology, but had given up that lead to Merck. His response didn't dispute the premise of the question. Caforio instead pointed to the significant number of late-stage programs in the pipeline that read over the next 12 to 24 months. And that wasn't the end of it. Another question related to the potential threat from Merck's combination of Keytruda with Incyte's ID01 inhibitor epacadostat. Chief scientific officer Francis Cuss pointed to Bristol-Myers Squibb's own combo studies with Incyte as well as the company's studies with an IDO inhibitor it gained with the 2015 acquisition of Flexus. Roche gaining ground While Merck and Keytruda dominated the discussion about Opdivo's prospects, another competitor's product also came up. Bristol-Myers Squibb CFO Charles Bancroft said in his initial remarks that "the U.S. lung market has started to become more competitive" primarily because of the entrance of Roche's Tecentriq as a second-line treatment. Murdo Gordon later acknowledged that most of Opdivo's erosion of market share as a second-line lung cancer treatment has been to Tecentriq. Gordon said Bristol-Myers Squibb ended 2016 with around a 40% share of the second-line market, which was in line with the company's expectations. He added later that Tecentriq took 10% of market share away from Opdivo in the fourth quarter. Gordon admitted that Roche was putting pressure on Opdivo in the second-line market. However, he said Bristol-Myers Squibb should be able to defend the business "with strong execution and a strong profile in second line."   Waving the white flag to Gilead Sciences in hepatitis C Bristol-Myers Squibb's fourth-quarter numbers looked good overall. However, a glaring weak spot was with its hepatitis C virus (HCV) franchise. Sales fell off a cliff in the fourth quarter, coming in 51% below the prior-year period. CFO Charles Bancroft didn't shy away from explaining why the HCV results were so bad. He said that competition from Gilead Sciences' new HCV drug Epclusa was the culprit. Bancroft said Bristol-Myers Squibb had halted all promotional activities for its HCV franchise in the U.S. and expected sales to drop off even faster in 2017.  While international sales for the company's HCV franchise didn't slip as badly as U.S. sales, Bancroft stated that the situation outside the U.S. would probably get worse. Gilead is steadily winning access for Epclusa in increasingly more countries.   From defense to offense If it sounds like Bristol-Myers Squibb's executive team was on the defensive during much of the fourth-quarter conference call, it's because they were. Roche and Gilead Sciences are already hurting the company's sales. Merck probably won't be far behind. However, BMS still has a lot going for it. Giovanni Caforio played up the company's strategy several times. The first priority of that strategy is commercial execution, particularly in international markets and with Eliquis and Orencia. The second priority is completing late-stage studies of Opdivo combos as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. The third priority is advancing the rest of the company's immuno-oncology programs. And the last priority is accelerating progress with the rest of the pipeline. If Bristol-Myers Squibb can deliver on these goals, the stock should be a winner for investors over the long run. And maybe in a future earnings call, the company's management will be able to talk less about competitors and more about Bristol-Myers Squibb.   Keith Speights owns shares of Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jan 27, 2017 at 12:03PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $61.75 up $0.55 (0.90%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $71.26 up $0.04 (0.06%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $47.74 up $0.92 (1.96%) Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.68 up $0.17 (0.58%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Beaten-Up Healthcare Stocks: Are They Bargains? 2016's Worst Clinical Failures After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? The Scariest Thing About Bristol-Myers Squibb's Dividend Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Companies Putting the Squeeze on Bristol-Myers Squibb @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GILD, $BMY, $RHHBY
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia & FSU Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Español Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US-NATO War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science Mercury and Vaccines. “Thimerisol, Let The Science Speak” by RFK Jr. By Robert F. Kennedy Jr Global Research, January 27, 2017 Robert F Kennedy Jr. Region: USA Theme: Science and Medicine RFK, JR manifesto on mercury and vaccines  I am pro vaccine. I had all of my six children vaccinated. I believe that vaccines save millions of lives.  So let me explain why I edited the book Thimerosal: Let The Science Speak, which exposes the dangerous—and wholly unnecessary—use of the mercury-based preservative thimerosal in vaccines being given to millions of children and pregnant women here and around the world. image RFK Jr.  Vaccines are big business. Pharma is a trillion-dollar industry with vaccines accounting for $25 billion in annual sales. CDC’s decision to add a vaccine to the schedule can guarantee its manufacturer millions of customers and billions in revenue with minimal advertis- ing or marketing costs and complete immunity from lawsuits. High stakes and the seamless marriage between Big Pharma and government agencies have spawned an opaque and crooked regulatory system. Merck, one of America’s leading vaccine outfits, is currently under investigation for deceiving FDA regulators about the effectiveness of its MMR vaccine. Two whistleblowers say Merck ginned up sham studies to maintain Merck’s MMR monopoly. Big money has fueled the exponential expansion of CDC’s vaccine schedule since 1988, when Congress’ grant of immunity from lawsuits suddenly transformed vaccines into paydirt. CDC recommended five pediatric vaccines when I was a boy in 1954. Today’s children cannot ­­ school without at least 56 doses of 14 vaccines by the time they’re 18. An insatiable pharmaceutical industry has 271 new vaccines under development in CDC’s bureaucratic pipeline in hopes of boosting vaccine revenues to $100 billion by 2025. The industry’s principle spokesperson, Dr. Paul Offit, says that he believes children can take as many as 10,000 vaccines. Public health may not be the sole driver of CDC decisions to mandate new vaccines. Four scathing federal studies, including two by Congress, one by the US Senate, and one by the HHS Inspector General, paint CDC as a cesspool of corruption, mismanagement, and dysfunction with alarming conflicts of interest suborning its research, regulatory, and policymaking functions. CDC rules allow vaccine industry profiteers like Dr. Offit to serve on advisory boards that add new vaccines to the schedule. In a typical example, Offit in 1999 sat on the CDC’s vaccine advisory committee and voted to add the rotavirus vaccine to CDC’s schedule, paving the way for him to make a fortune on his own rotavirus vaccine. Offit and his business partners sold the royalties to his rotavirus vaccine patent to Merck in 2006 for $182 million. Offit told Newsweek, “It was like winning the lottery!” A 2009 HHS Inspector General’s report found that the CDC certified financial disclosure forms with at least one omission for 97% of committee members—and most forms had more than one type of omission. The same report stated that as many as 64% of committee members had potential conflicts of interest that CDC did not identify or resolve before certifying their forms. In addition to lucrative business partnerships with Merck, Offit holds a $1.5 million research chair, funded by Merck, at Children’s Hospital in Philadelphia. From this industry sinecure, he broadcasts vaccine industry propaganda and annually publishes books urging unlimited vaccinations and vilifying safe-vaccine advocates. The corruption has also poisoned CDC’s immunization safety office, the research arm that tests vaccines for safety and efficacy. In August 2014, seventeen-year CDC veteran, Dr. William Thompson, who is author of the principal study cited by CDC to exculpate mercury- preserved vaccines from the autism link, invoked whistleblower protection, and turned extensive agency files over to Congress. Thompson, who is still employed at CDC, says that for the past decade his superiors have pressured him and his fellow scientists to lie and manipulate data about the safety of the mercury-based preservative thimerosal to conceal its causative link to a suite of brain injuries, including autism. Thimerosal is 50% ethylmercury, which is far more toxic and persistent in the brain than the highly regulated methylmercury in fish. Hundreds of peer reviewed studies by leading government and university scientists show that thimerosal is a devastating brain poison linked to neurological disorders now epidemic in American children. My book, Thimerosal: Let the Science Speak, is a summary of these studies, which CDC and its credulous jour- nalists swear don’t exist. Although Thompson’s CDC and vaccine industry colleagues have created nine patently fraudulent and thoroughly discredited epidemiological studies to defend thimerosal, no published study shows thimerosal to be safe. The common canard that US autism rates rose after drug makers removed most thimerosal from pediatric vaccines in 2003 is wrong. That same year, CDC added flu shots containing massive doses of thimerosal to the pediatric schedule. As a result, children today can get nearly as much mercury exposure as children did from all pediatric vaccines combined in the decade prior to 2003. Worse, thimerosal, for the first time, is being given to pregnant women in flu shots. Furthermore, CDC’s current autism numbers are for children born in 2002, when kids were still getting thimerosal in their pediatric vaccines. The best science suggests that thimerosal’s complete removal from vaccines is likely to prompt a significant decline in autism. For example, a 2013 CDC study in JAMA Pediatrics shows a 33% drop in autism spectrum disorder in Denmark following the 1992 removal of thimerosal from Danish vaccines. That paper is among 37 peer-reviewed studies linking thimerosal to the autism epidemic. Thimerosal has precipitated a journalistic as well as a public health crisis. Big Pharma pumps over $3.5 billion annually into TV, newspapers, and other advertising, targeting news departments, which have become vehicles for pharmaceutical sales and propa- ganda platforms for the industry. Television and print outlets feature spokespeople like Dr. Offit—without identifying their industry ties— while censoring criticisms of vaccine safety andexcluding the voices of informed vaccine safety advocates. Busy journalists parrot the deceptive talking points dispensed by government and pharma officials rather than reading the science themselves. Unable to argue the science, they bully, pillory, and demonize vaccine safety advocates as “anti-vax,” “anti-science,” and far worse. The unwillingness of the press to scrutinize CDC has emboldened both industry and agency to follow the lowest paths of easy profit and bureaucratic preservation. The measles scare was classic disaster capitalism, with media outlets dutifully stoking public hysteria on editorial pages and throughout the 24-hour broadcast cycle. With Dr. Offit leading the charge, CDC, drug makers, and industry-funded front groups parlayed a garden variety annual measles outbreak into a national tidal wave of state legislation to ban religious and philosophical vaccine exemptions. The national media frenzy over 159 measles cases left little room for attention to the the autism cataclysm which has debilitated 1 million American children since the pandemic began in 1989, with 27,000 new cases annually. CDC refuses to call autism an “epidemic.” In defiance of hard science, and common sense, CDC and Offit have launched a denial campaign to gull reporters into believing the autism plague is an illusion created by better diagnosis. Big Pharma is among the nation’s largest political donors, giving $31 million last year to national political candidates.  It spends more on political lobbying than any other industry, $3.0 billion from 1998 to 2014—double the amount spent by oil and gas and four times as much as defense and aerospace lobbyists. By February, state legislators in 36 states were pushing through over one hundred new laws to end philosophical and religious vaccine exemptions. Many of those state lawmakers are also on the industry payroll. You can see how much money bill sponsors from your state took from Big Pharma on http://www.maplight.org Normally plaintiffs’ tort lawyers would provide a powerful check and balance to keep vaccines safe and effective and regulators and policymakers honest. But Pharma’s dirty money has bought the industry immunity from lawsuits for vaccine injury no matter how dangerous the product. An obliging Congress disposed of the Seventh Amendment right to jury trial, making it impossible for vaccine-injured plaintiffs to sue pharmaceutical companies for selling unsafe vaccines. That’s right! No Class Actions. No discovery. No depositions and little financial incentive for the industry to make vaccines safer. Vaccine industry money has neutralized virtually all of the checks and balances that once stood between a rapacious pharmaceutical industry and our children. With the re- search, regulatory, and policymaking agencies captured, the courts closed to the public, the lawyers disarmed, the politicians on retainer and the media subverted, there is no one left to stand between a greedy industry and vulnerable children, except parents. Now Big Pharma’s game plan is to remove parental informed consent rights from that equation and force vaccine hesitant parents to inject their children with potentially risky vaccines that the Supreme Court has called “unavoidably unsafe.” Ending exemptions is premature until we have a functioning regulatory agency and a transparent process. The best way to insure full vaccine coverage is for the vaccine program to win back public trust by ending its corrupt financial ties with a profit-making industry. To educate yourselves about CDC corruption and the truth about vaccine science, I hope you will read Thimerosal: Let the Science Speak and download the important movie Trace Amounts43 and insist your legislators watch it before voting on any of these bills.  Notes Forbes Magazine & CDC’s Rogue Scientist (8/31/2015) My speech to a concerned group of citizens about SB 277 (7/18/15) RFK, Jr. versus Frank Bruni (7/5/2015) 39 published peer reviewed studies linking Thimerosal to Autism (7/5/2015) Anna Almendrala attacks Jim Carrey for demanding the removal of the mercury based preservative, Thimerosal from vaccines. (07/02/2015) Letter to Shawn Hubler – Sacramento Bee (6/24/2015) CDC’s Latest Tuskegee Experiment African American Autism and Vaccines (7/2/2015) RFK, Jr. interview on Jesse Ventura’s show “Off The Grid” Why The American Press Does Not Want You To Read this Article My manifesto (printed below) ran in USA Today as a full-page ad in the weekend issue April 24-26.  The broadside is partially a jeremiad on press suppression of the thimerosal issue – the debate that CBS reporter Sharyl Atkinson calls “the most censored and misreported story”of the century. Ironically, my manifesto had already run afoul the Kafkaesque industry taboo that one national reporter has characterized as “a borglike impenetrable cocoon” Before we ran it as a full-page ad, opinion editors at virtually all of the nation’s leading papers rejected a shorter version of the same article.   read more > Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.: An Invitation to Open Debate On Thimerosal Alternet.org (August 2014) “Why is everyone lined up against you?” RFK, JR on Bill Maher (04/24/15) James Grundvig on RFK Jr….the mercury tipping point Trace Amounts: Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. No Anti-Vaccer San Francisco Examiner (4/11/15) The Mercury Tipping Point: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The Epoch Times (04/27/15) RFK Jr. on Good Day LA- Fox 11  April 22, 2015 Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on the misognyistic rhetoric of safe vaccine opponents – Sacramento, CA April 8, 2015 CDC Scientist Still Maintains Agency Forced Researchers To Lie About Safety Of Mercury Based Vaccines Ring of Fire Blog (February 2015) Vaccine Courts Trampling Justice and Public Health “In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved.” “CDC is paralyzed by anything to do with autism…I have a boss who is asking me to lie.” CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson “Thimerosal causes tics (in children of pregnant women)…there is biologic plausibility that thimerosal causes autism like features.” CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson “When I talk to you who has a son with autism…I’m completely ashamed by what I did…the higher ups wanted to do certain things, and I went along.” CDC Senior Scientist, Dr. William Thompson CDC Chief Julie Gerberding tells Sanja Gupta that vaccines can trigger autistic-like symptoms in vulnerable children April 2008 In 2005, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. wrote an article that was co-published by Rolling Stone magazine and Salon.com about the connection between the vaccine preservative thimerosal and the autism epidemic. After several revisions to the article and nearly 6 years after the original publication date, Salon.com retracted the article from its website archives without consideration or opportunity for rebuttal. Below is the full corrected article, a link to Salon’s retraction and the real reason behind it, as well an email delivered to Robert F. Kennedy Jr. by David Talbot, the founder and former editor-in-chief of Salon.com Deadly Immunity article – Rolling Stone 2005 The full Rolling Stone version including all of the corrections The real reason Salon retracted Deadly Immunity, caving to Pharma   The original source of this article is Robert F Kennedy Jr. Copyright © Robert F. Kennedy Jr, Robert F Kennedy Jr., 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Robert F. Kennedy Jr Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News / Top Stories Non-Muslims Carried Out More than 90% of All Terrorist Attacks in America Selected Articles: Trump Endorses “War on Terrorism”, UK and Monsanto: Crimes against Humanity, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: ‘No Moderate Rebels’ in Syria Trump’s “War on Terrorism”: Going After America’s “Intelligence Assets”? Smearing the Trumps: Will We Become as Hateful, Insensitive and Boorish as The Opposition? Soaring Stock Markets: Wall Street’s Trump Euphoria Propels Dow Above 20,000 Syrian Army Repels Large-Scale ISIS Advance On Khanaser-Aleppo Road Will Washington’s New Pro-Moscow, Anti-Beijing Gang Drive a Wedge Through the BRICS in 2017? Barack Obama’s Betrayal Paying for the “Great Wall”: Trump Considering 20% Import Tax on Mexican Products The British Government Colludes with Monsanto. Crimes against Humanity and “Ecocide” Wave Of US State Department Personnel Resign, Are Fired As Tillerson Takes Control Trump’s Muslim Ban is Real and Even Worse Than Imagined Tomorrow, January 28: The Truth on Syria: Canadian Journalist Eva Bartlett in Montreal Trump-Putin Talks? Will Trump Lift Sanctions against Russia? Could Be “Costly” To Russia Trump’s First Week: A Win for the Elite, a Loss for the People. “And it Does Not Look Good” Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour U.S. Elections Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights Culture, Society & History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Bristol-Myers Topples On 2017 Guidance Cut Amid Merck I-O Competition Bristol-Myers lowered its guidance, sending its stock falling. (Bristol-Myers) ALLISON GATLIN 1/26/2017 Reprints Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) stock toppled early Thursday after the biotech reported mixed Q4 earnings and lowered its 2017 earnings guidance by 15 cents, leaving analysts to question whether Merck (MRK) will win the ongoing I-O rivalry. In the stock market today, Bristol-Myers stock tumbled 5.5% to 46.82 and touched its lowest price since September 2013. Bristol shares are down 20% this year. Merck stock, on the other hand, rose a fraction, to 61.20, and is up 4% in 2017. For Q4, Bristol-Myers reported $5.2 billion in sales, up 22% year over year, and topping analysts' views for $5.1 billion. But its 63 cents earnings per share ex items, though up 66%, missed the 67 cents analysts had modeled. Sales of immuno-oncology drug Opdivo grew to $835 million. The company wrapped up 2016 with $19.4 billion in sales and $2.83 EPS ex items, up a respective 17% and 41%. Opdivo brought in $1.31 billion, topping views for $1.16 billion, Evercore analyst Mark Schoenebaum said. IBD'S TAKE: While Bristol-Myers offered mixed guidance, analysts expect Incyte to outperform the industry on its potential blockbusters. Get more "Incyte" on The New America. U.S. Opdivo sales rose 74% in 2016 to $715 million. That disappointed, Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez said in a research report. The beat on Opdivo was mostly due to outside-U.S. sales, Schoenebaum said in his report. Bristol-Myers also adjusted its full-year EPS minus items guidance downward by 15 cents to $2.70-$2.90 from $2.85-$3.05. The high end of the new guidance missed analysts' expectations for $2.96. Worldwide sales are expected to increase by low-single digits. Analysts had viewed 2.9% growth. Schoenebaum suggested the EPS guidance cut could be due to increasing competition in second-line non-small cell lung cancer, continued rivalry with Merck in first-line NSCLC, Bristol's decision against seeking accelerated approval for an I-O combo and/or exchange rate issues. Whatever the reason, Schoenebaum questioned "can Bristol-Myers news get worse from here?" Bristol Not Seeking Accelerated Approval This month, Bristol decided against seeking accelerated approval for its Opdivo plus Yervoy combo in first-lung non-small cell lung cancer — an I-O cocktail most analysts suggest could be more potent than Merck's Keytruda plus chemo combo. But the latter already has accelerated approval. Still, "our NPV (net present value) analysis indicates that even with zero first-line lung cancer sales (which is an unreasonable assumption), this stock is worth something like $40," Schoenebaum wrote in a research report. Leerink's Fernandez, though, still sees major value in Bristol-Myers despite the temporary missteps. "Opdivo, Yervoy, and the burgeoning I-O pipeline at Bristol is a high-value industry asset that cannot be ignored," he said. "If history teaches us anything in pharma, it is that companies suffering from short-term missteps or surprises but with great assets are more likely than not to become vulnerable M&A targets over time if there isn't either a reversal of fortune or a series of value-added pipeline surprises." RELATED: Could Merck's 'Meaningful' Keytruda Royalties Give Bristol-Myers A Leg Up? Bristol-Myers Dives On Opdivo Setback, Will Get Keytruda Royalties FDA Track Record Bodes Well For Merck Keytruda Plus Chemo: Leerink ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Incyte could be in line for more partnerships with some of the largest drugmakers, says an analyst. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) Will Merck Let Incyte Go After AstraZeneca, Bristol, Roche Team-Ups Too? 1/27/2017 Incyte could pull $4.8 billion in 2026 peak sales on its Merck partnership alone, Goldman Sachs analyst Salveen Richter said... 1/27/2017 Incyte could pull $4.8 billion in 2026 peak sales on... Roche Gouges Bristol-Myers' Q4 Lung Cancer Share Amid Merck Rivalry Could Merck's 'Meaningful' Keytruda Royalty Give Bristol-Myers A Leg Up? Incyte Has Insight Into Market With Potential Blockbuster Drugs Amgen Could Gouge 'Top Pick' AbbVie With Humira Biosimilar: Jefferies Dow Leads As Trump Sworn In, But Stocks Close Lower For The Week Bristol-Myers Dives On Opdivo Setback, Will Get Keytruda Royalties Stocks Fall Off Highs; Trump Sworn In As President Stocks Up Nicely In Early Trade; Apple Shrugs Off China Trade Talk Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Primary Menu About TCN Contact Secondary Menu Local News Health Science Business Entertainment Sports Technology Search You Are Here: Home → Leading stocks in today’s market: Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Leading stocks in today’s market: Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Terrie Colard January 26, 2017 0 Comment Drug Manufacturers - Major, Healthcare, Inc., Merck & Co., MRK, NYSE With its market value over its outstanding shares, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Drug Manufacturers – Major has a market capitalization valued at Drug Manufacturers – Major. As the outstanding stock of Merck & Co., Inc. NYSE:MRK Drug Manufacturers – Major is bought and sold in the stock market, the current market cap indicates the existing public opinion of the net worth of Merck & Co., Inc. MRK Drug Manufacturers – Major. The existing figure surely determines the key factor in some forms of the stocks valuation. The present market cap reflects only on the equity of NYSE:MRK Drug Manufacturers – Major and is vital to note that the firm’s choice of capital structure holds a substantial impact on how the aggregate value of the company allocated within the equity and debt. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Drug Manufacturers – Major has a Price Earning Ratio of 31.07, which in return shows a value of 15.75 on the Forward PE Ratio. The current PEG for Merck & Co., Inc. NYSE:MRK is valued at 5.09 with a P/S value of 4.23. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Drug Manufacturers – Major prevailing Dividend Yield is 3.08% that has a Payout Ratio of 92.90%. The firm has an EPS value of 1.97, resultantly displaying an EPS growth for this year at -61.60%. Merck & Co., Inc. MRK measures an EPS growth for 2017 at a rate of 2.35% that consequently shows an EPS growth of 41.50% for the past five years, and an EPS growth of 6.11% for the following five years. Return on Assets (ROA) for Merck & Co., Inc. NYSE:MRK Drug Manufacturers – Major is currently valued at 5.60%. Company’s Return on Investment (ROI) shows a figure of 6.40%. The Current Ratio of Merck & Co., Inc. NYSE:MRK Drug Manufacturers – Major is 1.9 and the Quick Ratio measures to be 1.6. The Long Term Debt/Equity is valued 0.54 with the Total Debt/Equity of 0.57. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Drug Manufacturers – Major exhibits an Operating Margin of 19.60% and a Gross Margin of 64.50%, therefore, displaying a Profit Margin of 13.80%. The 20-Day Simple Moving Average is determined at 0.06% that showed a 200-Day Simple Moving Average of 3.39%. The current Stock Price for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Drug Manufacturers – Major is 61.04 with a change in price of -0.07%. Merck & Co., Inc. MRK showed a Day High of -4.65% in today’s Market that also showed a Day Low of 4.93%. Its 52-Week High was -6.04% and 52-Week Low was 31.36%. Disclaimer:  Outlined statistics and information communicated in the above editorial are merely a work of the authors. They do not ponder or echo the certified policy or position of any business stakeholders, financial specialists, or economic analysts. Specimens laid down on the editorial above are only cases with information collected from various sources. The authority will not be liable for anyone who makes stock portfolio or financial decisions as per the editorial, which is based only on limited and open source.  Share This Post You might also like: Is T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ:TMUS), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is BP p.l.c. (NYSE:BP), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is CBS Corporation (NYSE:CBS), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Is Workday, Inc. (NYSE:WDAY), a large market cap stock a smart buy? Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Safe Loan! © Copyright 2016
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Receives $277.64 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc (DPH) Receives GBX 1,370.33 Consensus PT from Brokerages Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Merck & Company, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (MRK) Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) – Research analysts at SunTrust Banks cut their FY2017 earnings estimates for shares of Merck & Company in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. SunTrust Banks analyst J. Boris now forecasts that the firm will post earnings of $3.67 per share for the year, down from their prior estimate of $3.74. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Merck & Company’s FY2021 earnings at $5.51 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/research-analysts-issue-forecasts-for-merck-company-inc-s-fy2017-earnings-mrk.html. A number of other equities research analysts have also commented on the company. BMO Capital Markets reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $70.00 target price (down previously from $72.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday. Vetr upgraded Merck & Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $59.51 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday. Bryan, Garnier & Co began coverage on Merck & Company in a research report on Friday, January 13th. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a $48.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies upgraded Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Merck & Company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $66.31. Shares of Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded up 0.254% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $61.235. 10,029,532 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is $60.79 and its 200-day moving average is $61.38. The stock has a market cap of $168.83 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.274 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company has a one year low of $47.97 and a one year high of $65.46. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.47 dividend. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.08%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is presently 95.92%. In other Merck & Company news, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 9,594 shares in the company, valued at approximately $566,621.64. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total value of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,667,275.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 245,523 shares of company stock valued at $15,418,490. 0.05% of the stock is owned by company insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/research-analysts-issue-forecasts-for-merck-company-inc-s-fy2017-earnings-mrk.html. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in Merck & Company by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares in the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new position in Merck & Company during the third quarter worth $495,969,000. Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its position in Merck & Company by 24.1% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 22,992,642 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,324,996,000 after buying an additional 4,468,488 shares in the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Merck & Company during the second quarter worth $250,542,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in Merck & Company during the fourth quarter worth $223,288,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.63% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous UMB Financial Corporation (UMBF) Shares Bought by Principal Financial Group Inc. Next » Principal Financial Group Inc. Has $19,375,000 Position in MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com CDC works in collusion with vaccine manufacturers… can you really trust their “fake science?” Thursday, January 26, 2017 by: Vicki Batts Tags: Big Pharma, CDC, Collusion, corruption, MMR, vaccines (Natural News) If you’ve ever wondered how the CDC can afford to do all that it does, look no further than the CDC Foundation. The organization describes itself as some kind of liaison between the CDC and the private sector, existing solely for public benefit, but a quick look at their list of corporate partners reveals a much more sordid story; a story of fake science that is being propagated for industry benefit. While studying the rather lengthy list of corporate donors — who also sometimes collaborate with the CDC on their project — one might notice that many of them are pharma companies, pesticide makers, and biotech firms. And when considering CDC senior scientist-turned-whistle blower Dr. William Thompson’s recent testimony against the MMR vaccine — one corporate partner stands out among the rest: Merck. Merck is the manufacturer of the MMR vaccine — the very vaccine on which Dr. Thompson alleges he and his cohorts manipulated data and violated study protocols to protect. CDC obfuscated MMR vaccine and autism link In August 2014, Dr. William Thompson confessed that he and his colleagues had participated in an act of serious scientific fraud. Ten years prior, he had worked on a study of the MMR vaccine and published the findings, claiming that the vaccine was not linked to autism. (Related: Learn more about autism.) However, Dr. Thompson now says that he and the other study authors purposely omitted data that contradicted that outcome. Thompson claims that the CDC did find data showing the MMR vaccine demonstrated a statistically significant effect at the 36-month threshold. This shows that the study found a causal connection between the MMR vaccine and autism, but the evidence never made it to publication. The omitted data revealed that African American males vaccinated before 36 months of age were more likely to develop autism. (Related: Learn more about vaccines at Vaccines.news) In a statement, Thompson said “Sometime soon after the meeting, we decided to exclude reporting any race effects, the co-authors scheduled a meeting to destroy documents related to the study. The remaining four co-authors all met and brought a big garbage can into the meeting room and reviewed and went through all the hard copy documents that we had thought we should discard and put them in a huge garbage can.” Thompson knew what they were doing was illegal. He himself noted, “I believe we intentionally withheld controversial findings from the final draft of the Pediatrics paper.” Fortunately, Thompson held onto copies of the original documents that had been disposed. Dr. Thompson penned a letter in 2002 to the then-CDC Director Julie Gerberding because he was growing very concerned about the MMR vaccine study findings, and wrote to her again in 2004. It would appear that Gerberding did little in regard to Thompson’s concern. Following her time at the CDC, Ms. Gerberding went on to become the executive vice president at Merck. And of course, Merck isn’t the only company that gives money to the CDC Foundation — and indirectly,  the CDC.  Several other pharma companies like Bayer, GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi Pastuer, and Pfizer are on the list. Is ‘fake science’ the norm at the CDC? When one considers the apparent ties the CDC has to Merck — and countless other corporations — it honestly raises doubts for just about anything the federal agency has put their stamp on. The 2004 “study” features cherry-picked data sets, and reached a conclusion that purposely ignored the facts: it is the epitome of fake science. Evidence was actually destroyed by the government to protect a product rather than the people. (Related: Learn more about misleading information at FakeScience.news) Their incessant pushing the of the flu vaccine is another example of fake science in the CDC. There is little evidence to suggest that the flu vaccine is beneficial for the average person — and those who need extra protection are unlikely to get it from a vaccine. The CDC’s webpage on “vaccine effectiveness” claims that studies show the flu vaccine can prevent the flu in 50 to 60 percent of people. However, a vaccine package insert for Flulaval reads,”There have been no controlled trials adequately demonstrating a decrease in influenza disease after vaccination with FLULAVAL.” The CDC conducts their own studies on these vaccines to see how effective they are. However, these studies are purely observational — which means that no causality can actually be determined. Any number of factors, such as diet, lifestyle, and current health condition, can impact how vulnerable a person is to getting the flu. The agency itself notes that the study results may vary due to differences in design, outcomes measured, and other such tribulations. In other words: the CDC itself does not have an accurate, finite method for testing the actual efficiency of the flu vaccine, they’re just guessing at it. While observational studies are not necessarily fake science, pretending that observational data is all that is necessary to confer the benefits of something most certainly is fake science.   Sources: VaccineImpact.com NaturalNews.com CDCFoundation.gov NaturalNews.com TruthWiki.org GlobalResearch.ca CDC.gov Previous :Anti-nutrition media runs fake news attacking vitamin D after baby in France suffocates on liquid medicine Next : Magic beans: Coffee protects against age-related inflammation 100% authentic hemp extract with CBD Authentic, honest and scientifically validated using breakthrough science.  IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Big Pharma Big Pharma’s synthetic cannabis pills are killing people … yet authentic marijuana is still criminalized Herbal medicine: It goes far beyond just replacing drugs CDC works in collusion with vaccine manufacturers… can you really trust their “fake science?” TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms The Health Ranger’s 10-point plan to help Make America Great Again (VIDEO) Drug companies “buy” positive research results, reveals shocking BMJ study; the entire body of Big Pharma ‘evidence’ must now be questioned Many of Big Pharma’s overpriced medications developed with taxpayer-funded research Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes ADHD medication side effects keep harming children while padding Big Pharma’s profits Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-26-cdc-history-of-fake-science-shows-the-degree-of-collusion-and-criminality-behind-vaccines.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-26-cdc-history-of-fake-science-shows-the-degree-of-collusion-and-criminality-behind-vaccines.html">CDC works in collusion with vaccine manufacturers… can you really trust their “fake science?”</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com How antidepressants ruin your natural serotonin so you can never be happy again ... without your pills Political Darwinism explains why Leftist ideology is rapidly going extinct… failed ideas are weeded out while natural competition produces winners (and losers) - NaturalNews.com Heavy metals scientist challenges vaccine promoters to drink mercury to prove it’s safe to inject into children - NaturalNews.com Five ingredients that poison your brain President Trump silences EPA climate change propaganda ... real scientists rejoice - NaturalNews.com Oil pipelines vs. rail transport: The statistics on spills vs. safety point to a clear winner - NaturalNews.com Autoimmune disease solutions revealed - NaturalNews.com Glyphosate (RoundUp) found to cause liver disease… how much are you eating at every meal? - NaturalNews.com KFC’s new facial recognition system a disturbing cocktail of the surveillance state and a toxic food supply laced with MSG - NaturalNews.com Yet another study confirms the holistic approach to health: Diet cures disease, NOT drugs - NaturalNews.com Big Pharma’s synthetic cannabis pills are killing people ... yet authentic marijuana is still criminalized - NaturalNews.com Nuns grow spirulina for malnourished children - You can grow this superfood at home Health Ranger dismantles identity politics and reveals why “you have no right to not be offended” in latest uncensored podcasts - NaturalNews.com Self-defense is now ILLEGAL in the UK Magic beans: Coffee protects against age-related inflammation - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com The ten false fears of the unhinged left that have transformed once-productive citizens into quivering mounds of Trump-a-noia - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com President Trump just banned federal funding of abortions - NaturalNews.com Scientists shocked to learn that shingles vaccines can transform vaccinated people into “carriers” who spread infectious disease - NaturalNews.com Beware: US salmon may be crawling with Japanese tapeworm, say scientists - NaturalNews.com Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com WINNING: Ten highly effective ways President Trump and Kellyanne Conway can win the war against the dishonest, America-hating left-wing news cartels - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Why President Trump should issue an Interpol arrest warrant for George Soros - NaturalNews.com Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com Fake news: Mainstream media already caught reporting 3 lies on President Trump’s first day - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com Panic attacks, anxiety linked to low vitamin B and iron levels: Study Frankincense oil kills cancer cells while boosting the immune system, studies show The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com Walking your children home from school and driving while caffeinated are now felony crimes in police state America - NaturalNews.com Obama trying to start WWIII before Jan. 20; feds “probe” Drudge Report with DDoS attack; NaturalNews and InfoWars targeted for cyber attack take downs - NaturalNews.com Two of the world’s most evil people – Bill Gates and George Soros – behind Facebook’s news censorship agenda - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Forbes.com hit piece on Natural News backfires: Health Ranger confirmed as world’s most powerful foe of corporate science fraud - NaturalNews.com Draining the Pharma swamp: Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma’s monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding for government drug purchase contracts - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com 10 brands of baby wipes recalled due to pneumonia-causing bacteria contamination The only prediction that really matters for 2017: The global debt collapse begins, followed by the rise of fascist, totalitarian government - NaturalNews.com CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Electoral voter death threats backfire: Hillary Clinton loses four, Donald Trump wins in an electoral landslide - NaturalNews.com Ten horrifying ingredients that prove McDonald’s is not fit for consumption - NaturalNews.com Trump takes aim at vaccines, names Robert F. Kennedy Jr. head of new commission to expose dangers of mercury preservative (Thimerosal) - NaturalNews.com Now you can HEAR chemistry: Health Ranger translates molecules into music in stunning video demonstration that will blow your mind (and your ears) - NaturalNews.com California just decriminalized child prostitutes beginning Jan 1… “legalization” stirs outrage - NaturalNews.com Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Five ingredients that poison your brain Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Globalist war against humanity shifts into high gear: Cars, cash, literature and independent news all targeted for elimination 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night Health News 25 Powerful Anti-Inflammatory Herbs and Spices (Blogs.naturalnews.com) From Anxiety to Addiction: The Top 10 Uses of CBD Oil (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Garlic and Raw Milk Treat Pneumonia, Asthma, Insomnia, Cough, Arthritis, and Cardiac Problems (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 5 Food Ingredients That Damage Your Brain (Blogs.naturalnews.com) De-Stress Your Life (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 10 Magnesium Oil Benefits (How to make your own magnesium oil) (Blogs.naturalnews.com) AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Receives $277.64 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc (DPH) Receives GBX 1,370.33 Consensus PT from Brokerages High Pointe Capital Management LLC Has $1,224,000 Position in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Posted by William Strong on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet High Pointe Capital Management LLC lowered its position in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 31.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 19,610 shares of the company’s stock after selling 8,900 shares during the period. Merck & Company makes up 2.2% of High Pointe Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 15th largest position. High Pointe Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $1,224,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 6.2% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 26,224,184 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,510,776,000 after buying an additional 1,531,565 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.63% of the company’s stock. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.07% during trading on Thursday, reaching $61.04. 7,386,155 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $60.79 and its 200 day moving average price is $61.38. Merck & Company, Inc. has a one year low of $47.97 and a one year high of $65.46. The company has a market capitalization of $168.30 billion, a PE ratio of 31.17 and a beta of 0.77. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.08%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “High Pointe Capital Management LLC Has $1,224,000 Position in Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK)” was originally published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/high-pointe-capital-management-llc-has-1224000-position-in-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on MRK shares. Argus reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 price target (up previously from $65.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $52.27 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $57.00 to $70.00 in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $65.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Sunday, October 16th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $66.31. In related news, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total transaction of $1,181,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 9,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $566,621.64. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $33,487,653.71. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 245,523 shares of company stock valued at $15,418,490. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Hellman Jordan Management Co. Inc. MA Acquires New Position in Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Next » Carmike Cinemas, Inc. (CKEC) Position Lowered by Swiss National Bank Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content Check Your Symptoms Find A Doctor Find Lowest Drug Prices Health A-Z Health A-Z Health A-Z Common Conditions ADD/ADHD Allergies Arthritis Cancer Cold, Flu & Cough Depression Diabetes Eye Health Heart Disease Heartburn/GERD Pain Management Sexual Conditions Skin Problems Sleep Disorders View All Resources Symptom Checker Expert Blogs and Interviews Message Boards Insurance Guide Find a Doctor Featured Topics Slideshow Get Tips to Help You Stay Organized Video See Inside Knee Replacement Surgery Drugs & Supplements Drugs & Supplements Drugs & Supplements Find & Review Drugs Supplements Tools Manage Your Medications Pill Identifier Check for Interactions Drug Basics & Safety Commonly Abused Drugs Taking Meds When Pregnant Featured Topics Video What Does Zinc Do for the Body and How Do You Get It? Quiz Asprin: The Wonder Drug in Your Medicine Cabinet Living Healthy Living Healthy Living Healthy Diet, Food & Fitness Diet & Weight Management Weight Loss & Obesity Food & Recipes Fitness & Exercise Beauty & Balance Healthy Beauty Health & Balance Sex & Relationships Oral Care Living Well Women's Health Men's Health Aging Well Healthy Teens Fit Kids Featured Topics Video What Does Your Thyroid Do? News Future of U.S. Health Care: What You Need to Know Family & Pregnancy Family & Pregnancy Family & Pregnancy All About Pregnancy Getting Pregnant First Trimester Second Trimester Third Trimester View All Parenting Guide Newborn & Baby Children’s Health Children’s Vaccines Raising Fit Kids View All Pet Care Essentials Healthy Cats Healthy Dogs View All Featured Topics Special Report Cancer Takes a Toll on a Small Town News Study Casts Doubt on Common Morning Sickness Drug News & Experts News & Experts News & Experts Health News Eating Hot Peppers May Help You Live Longer High BP May Not Be All Bad for Elderly Nearly Half of U.S. Men Have HPV 3-Parent Baby Born to Infertile Couple Video: Flu Symptoms and Remedies Experts & Community Message Boards Expert Blogs News Center Featured Topics News Future of U.S. Health Care: What You Need to Know Newsletters Sign Up to Receive Our Free Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscriptions Sign In Subscribe My Profile My Tools My WebMD Pages My Account Sign Out Digestive Disorders Health Center Crohn's Disease Heartburn/GERD Inflammatory Bowel Disease Irritable Bowel Syndrome Ulcerative Colitis News Reference Slideshows Quizzes Videos Message Board Find a Gastroenterologist Related to Digestive Disorders Appendicitis Celiac Disease Constipation Diarrhea Diverticulosis FDA Drug Trials Snapshot Gallstones Hemorrhoids Lactose Intolerance Peptic Ulcer Disease More Related Topics Digestive Disorders Drug May Be New Weapon Against a 'Superbug' Zinplava cuts risk of recurrent C. difficile infections by 40 percent By Amy Norton HealthDay Reporter WEDNESDAY, Jan. 25, 2017 (HealthDay News) -- A newly approved drug may help in the battle against Clostridium difficile -- a potentially fatal "superbug" gut infection that has become a scourge in U.S. hospitals. In two clinical trials, researchers found that the drug, called bezlotoxumab (Zinplava), cut the risk of a recurrent C. difficile infection by almost 40 percent. That's important, because the gut infection commonly comes back after treatment with antibiotics -- around 20 percent of the time, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The infection can also make people seriously ill, with symptoms ranging from diarrhea to life-threatening inflammation of the colon, the CDC says. Zinplava has already been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and it should be available early this year, according to Merck, the drug's maker. That approval was based on the findings of two Merck-funded trials, published in the Jan. 26 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine. The drug "will give us another tool in the toolbox" for fighting C. difficile infections, said Dr. Johan Bakken, former president of the Infectious Diseases Society of America. And additional weapons are welcome, he said, given the scope the problem. C. difficile sickened almost half a million Americans in 2011, according to the most recent numbers from the CDC. An estimated 29,000 of those patients died within a month. Most infections happen in the hospital, the CDC says. In fact, C. difficile has become the most common hospital-acquired infection nationwide, Bakken pointed out. The bacteria can contaminate hospital surfaces and equipment, and be transmitted to patients. That's a particular threat when patients are on powerful antibiotics to treat an infection: The drugs kill not only harmful bacteria, but also the "good" bacteria that normally dwell in the gut and crowd out the bad ones. "The antibiotics hit the innocent bystanders, and that allows C. difficile to get a stronghold," said Bakken, who wasn't involved in the Zinplava trials. To treat C. difficile, doctors use more antibiotics, which actually do a good job of killing the bug. The problem, Bakken explained, is that C. difficile produces spores that can survive the onslaught. Continued Once the antibiotics are stopped, those spores can spring to life again and churn out illness-causing toxins. Zinplava is not an antibiotic. It's a lab-generated "monoclonal" antibody designed to neutralize one of the C. difficile toxins -- toxin B -- and can keep it from damaging the colon lining, Bakken explained. "But it's not meant to be used alone," he stressed. Patients receive standard antibiotics, plus an IV infusion of Zinplava. The two trials involved over 2,600 adults who all received antibiotics for a first-time or recurrent C. difficile infection. Some were randomly assigned to receive a Zinplava infusion, while the rest received a saline infusion that served as a placebo. Over 12 weeks, 16 percent to 17 percent of Zinplava patients suffered a recurrent infection. That compared with 26 percent to 28 percent of placebo patients, the findings showed. The drug's main side effects included fever, nausea and diarrhea -- which affected between 5 percent and 7 percent of patients. According to Merck, there is also a concern about worsening heart failure in people who already have the disease. The drug is not for everyone with C. difficile infection, Bakken said. It's officially approved for people at "high risk" of a recurrence. Plus, Bakken noted, the drug is sure to be expensive -- as monoclonal antibody drugs always are. Dr. Mark Wilcox, the lead researcher on the trials, agreed that doctors will have to give the drug based on patients' personal odds of a recurrence. According to Wilcox, some high-risk patients include those who are age 65 or older, have a compromised immune system or have a severe C. difficile infection. "Bezlotoxumab was more effective in such patients," said Wilcox, a professor of medical microbiology at the University of Leeds in England. "So doctors should consider adding it to standard-of-care antibiotics according to these risk factors." The drug is not the final answer, however. "The recurrence rates were in the teens rather than the 20s," Bakken pointed out. He said researchers are working on other ways to protect vulnerable patients from C. difficile -- including vaccines. They also want to figure out which "key organisms" are needed in the gut to ward off the infection, Bakken said. A study last year hinted that "good" strains of the C. difficile bug, itself, could be beneficial. In that study, patients given antibiotics and a liquid containing non-toxic C. difficile had a lower risk of a repeat infection, versus those who drank a placebo brew. WebMD News from HealthDay Sources SOURCES: Mark Wilcox, M.D., professor, medical microbiology, University of Leeds, U.K.; Johan Bakken, M.D., former president, Infectious Diseases Society of America; Jan. 26, 2017, New England Journal of Medicine Copyright © 2013-2017 HealthDay. All rights reserved. Pagination Top Picks What to Do When Ulcerative Colitis Flares Common Constipation Treatments How to Treat a Crohn's Flare Newly Diagnosed With Crohn's? Steps to Take Restaurant Heartburn Triggers Experimental Pill for Celiac Disease Today on WebMD Digestive Myths Get the facts on common problems. Diverticulitis Diet Best and worst foods. How to Live Gluten-Free Learn what foods to avoid. Dietary Fiber Will it help constipation? Recommended for You Slideshow What Is Diverticulitis? Article Dining Out? Cut Calories, Heartburn Slideshow Tummy Troubles in Kids Slideshow Gum for Heartburn & Other Digestive Tips Slideshow Crohn's Disease Complications Slideshow What Is Celiac Disease? Video Diet for Diverticulitis Video What Causes Diarrhea? Tools & Resources See an Appendectomy How Heartburn Happens Is My Constipation Serious? IBS Triggers and Prevention How to Choose a Biologic 16 Tips for Good Digestion Doctors Near You WebMD Doctor Finder WebMD does not endorse specific physicians. Find Near Who accept Any Insurance Search Doctors Health Solutions Knee Pain Management Continued Care Cancer Treatments Symptoms of IBS-D Discover Healthy Fats Expert Orthopedic Care Fighting cancer? Immune system Digestive Symptoms Advanced Breast Cancer Aortic Valve Stenosis? Hearing Loss Help Skin Cancer Treatment Treat Your IBS-D Food Intolerance Diet More from WebMD Common Signs of Bipolar Mania Your Hodgkin's Treatment Plan Psoriasis MS Assessment Anaphylaxis ADHD in Children Diabetes Diet Safer Sports for Kids Multiple Myeloma Hearing Loss: Its Causes and Treatment Treatments for Cancer A Visual Guide to Asthma COPD Prostate Cancer Clinical Trials Diabetes Assessment Live Better With Diabetes Atrial Fibrillation Assessment Treating Advanced Prostate Cancer Visit WebMD on Facebook Visit WebMD on Twitter Visit WebMD on Pinterest Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us About About WebMD Careers Newsletter Corporate WebMD Health Services Site Map Accessibility WebMD Network Medscape Medscape Reference MedicineNet eMedicineHealth RxList OnHealth BootsWebMD First Aid WebMD Magazine WebMD Health Record Dictionary Physician Directory Our Apps WebMD Mobile WebMD App Pregnancy Baby Allergy Pain Coach WebMD Magazine Medscape TheHeart For Sponsors Advertise with Us Advertising Policy Sponsor Policy © 2005 - 2017 WebMD, LLC. All rights reserved. WebMD does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. See additional information. Cancer Treatment & Nutrition 11 Tips to Control Diabetes
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Bayer and Merck to Present Riociguat Data in Rare Pulmonary Diseases at the Annual World Congress of the Pulmonary Vascular Research Institute News provided by Bayer Jan 26, 2017, 11:51 ET Share this article WHIPPANY, N.J., Jan. 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bayer announced today that findings from five data sets will be presented examining the clinical utility of riociguat for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH) in a scientific session at the 11th annual World Congress of the Pulmonary Vascular Research Institute (PVRI) in Miami, January 26-29, 2017. Riociguat is marketed as Adempas® in the United States. "Although the medical community has made significant progress in the diagnosis and treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension, there remains an unmet need," said Aleksandra Vlajnic, Vice President of Medical Affairs at Bayer. "These data provide pulmonologists and cardiologists with insights into these often underdiagnosed and undertreated conditions." The studies Bayer and Merck will present in a scientific session at PVRI include: The relationship between nitric oxide pathway biomarkers and response to riociguat in the RESPITE study of patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) not reaching treatment goals with phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors (PDE5i) Session:       Oral presentation Date/Time:    Saturday, January 28, 11:40-11:50am ET Location:       Hibiscus B Room Presenter:     James Klinger, MD Abstract ID:   60                               Effects of riociguat in treatment-naïve vs. pretreated patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH): 2-year efficacy results from the PATENT-2 study Session:       Oral presentation Date/Time:    Saturday, January 28, 11:30-11:40am ET Location:       Hibiscus B Room Presenter:     Ardeschir Ghofrani, MD Abstract ID:   44                                 Effects of riociguat in patients with inoperable chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH) versus persistent/recurrent pulmonary hypertension (PH) after pulmonary endarterectomy (PEA): 2-year efficacy results from the CHEST-2 study Session:       Oral presentation Date/Time:    Saturday, January 28, 11:50-12:00pm ET Location:       Hibiscus B Room Presenter:     Namita Sood, MD Abstract ID:   56                               Riociguat for the treatment of patients with chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH): Application of criteria for satisfactory clinical response to CHEST-1 and CHEST-2 populations Session:      Poster presentation Date/Time:   Saturday, January 28, 1:00pm-2:00pm ET Location:      Lunch Session Presenter:    Harrison Farber, MD                           Application of the criteria for satisfactory clinical response to riociguat treatment of patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) in PATENT-1 and PATENT-2 Session:      Poster presentation Date/Time:   Saturday, January 28, 1:00pm-2:00pm ET Location:      Lunch Session Presenter:    Erika Rosenzweig, MD The development and commercialization of Adempas is part of the worldwide strategic collaboration between Bayer and Merck (through a subsidiary) in the field of sGC modulation. Merck is known as MSD outside of the U.S. and Canada. About Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (PAH) Pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) is defined by elevated pressure in the arteries going from the right side of the heart to the lungs. Typical symptoms of PAH include shortness of breath on exertion, fatigue, weakness, chest pain and syncope.  PAH is caused by abnormalities in the walls of the pulmonary arteries that include constriction, inflammation and fibrosis.  About Adempas® (riociguat) Riociguat, licensed in the U.S. as Adempas, is a stimulator of soluable guanylate cyclase (sGC) and is the only treatment approved in the U.S. for use in two types of pulmonary hypertension (WHO Groups 1 and 4). INDICATIONS Adempas (riociguat) tablets is indicated for the treatment of adults with persistent/recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH), (WHO Group 4) after surgical treatment, or inoperable CTEPH, to improve exercise capacity and WHO functional class. Adempas is indicated for the treatment of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), (WHO Group 1), to improve exercise capacity, WHO functional class and to delay clinical worsening.*                              Efficacy was shown in patients on Adempas monotherapy or in combination with endothelin receptor antagonists or prostanoids. Studies establishing effectiveness included predominantly patients with WHO functional class II–III and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (61%) or PAH associated with connective tissue diseases (25%). *Time to clinical worsening was a combined endpoint defined as death (all-cause mortality), heart/lung transplantation, atrial septostomy, hospitalization due to persistent worsening of pulmonary hypertension, start of new PAH-specific treatment, persistent decrease in 6MWD and persistent worsening of WHO functional class. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION WARNING:  EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY Do not administer Adempas (riociguat) tablets to a pregnant female because it may cause fetal harm. Females of reproductive potential:  Exclude pregnancy before the start of treatment, monthly during treatment, and 1 month after stopping treatment.  Prevent pregnancy during treatment and for one month after stopping treatment by using acceptable methods of contraception. For all female patients, Adempas is available only through a restricted program called the Adempas Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) Program. Contraindications Adempas is contraindicated in: Pregnancy. Adempas may cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Adempas was consistently shown to have teratogenic effects when administered to animals. If this drug is used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant while taking this drug, the patient should be apprised of the potential hazard to the fetus Co-administration with nitrates or nitric oxide donors (such as amyl nitrite) in any form. Concomitant administration with specific phosphodiesterase (PDE) -5 inhibitors (such as sildenafil, tadalafil, or vardenafil) or nonspecific PDE inhibitors (such as dipyridamole or theophylline) is contraindicated.  Do not administer within 24 hours of sildenafil. Do not administer 24 hours before or within 48 hours after tadalafil. Patients with Pulmonary Hypertension Associated with Idiopathic Interstitial Pneumonias (PH-IIP).  Warnings and Precautions Embryo-Fetal Toxicity. Adempas may cause fetal harm when administered during pregnancy and is contraindicated for use in women who are pregnant. In females of reproductive potential, exclude pregnancy prior to initiation of therapy, advise use of acceptable contraception and obtain monthly pregnancy tests. For females, Adempas is only available through a restricted program under the Adempas REMS Program. Adempas REMS Program.  Females can only receive Adempas through the Adempas REMS Program, a restricted distribution program. Important requirements of the Adempas REMS program include the following: Prescribers must be certified with the program by enrolling and completing training. All females, regardless of reproductive potential, must enroll in the Adempas REMS Program prior to initiating Adempas. Male patients are not enrolled in the Adempas REMS Program. Female patients of reproductive potential must comply with the pregnancy testing and contraception requirements. Pharmacies must be certified with the program and must only dispense to patients who are authorized to receive Adempas. Further information, including a list of certified pharmacies, is available at www.AdempasREMS.com or 1-855-4ADEMPAS. Hypotension. Adempas reduces blood pressure. Consider the potential for symptomatic hypotension or ischemia in patients with hypovolemia, severe left ventricular outflow obstruction, resting hypotension, autonomic dysfunction, or concomitant treatment with antihypertensives or strong CYP and P-gp/BCRP inhibitors. Consider a dose reduction if patient develops signs or symptoms of hypotension.  Bleeding. In the placebo-controlled clinical trials, serious bleeding occurred in 2.4% of patients taking Adempas compared to 0% of placebo patients. Serious hemoptysis occurred in 5 (1%) patients taking Adempas compared to 0 placebo patients, including one event with fatal outcome. Serious hemorrhagic events also included 2 patients with vaginal hemorrhage, 2 with catheter site hemorrhage, and 1 each with subdural hematoma, hematemesis, and intra-abdominal hemorrhage.  Pulmonary Veno-Occlusive Disease.  Pulmonary vasodilators may significantly worsen the cardiovascular status of patients with pulmonary veno-occlusive disease (PVOD). Therefore, administration of Adempas to such patients is not recommended. Should signs of pulmonary edema occur, the possibility of associated PVOD should be considered and if confirmed, discontinue treatment with Adempas. Most Common Adverse Reactions The most common adverse reactions occurring more frequently (>3%) on Adempas than placebo were headache (27% vs 18%), dyspepsia/gastritis (21% vs. 8%), dizziness (20% vs 13%), nausea (14% vs 11%), diarrhea (12% vs 8%), hypotension (10% vs 4%), vomiting (10% vs 7%), anemia (7% vs 2%), gastroesophageal reflux disease (5% vs 2%), and constipation (5% vs 1%). Other events that were seen more frequently in Adempas compared to placebo and potentially related to treatment were: palpitations, nasal congestion, epistaxis, dysphagia, abdominal distension and peripheral edema. For important risk and use information, please see the full Prescribing Information, including Boxed Warning, at www.adempas-us.com. Bayer: Science For A Better Life Bayer is a global enterprise with core competencies in the Life Science fields of health care and agriculture. Its products and services are designed to benefit people and improve their quality of life. At the same time, the Group aims to create value through innovation, growth and high earning power. Bayer is committed to the principles of sustainable development and to its social and ethical responsibilities as a corporate citizen. In fiscal 2015, the Group employed around 117,000 people and had sales of EUR 46.3 billion. Capital expenditures amounted to EUR 2.6 billion, R&D expenses to EUR 4.3 billion. These figures include those for the high-tech polymers business, which was floated on the stock market as an independent company named Covestro on October 6, 2015. For more information, go to www.bayer.us. © 2017 Bayer Bayer and the Bayer Cross are registered trademarks of Bayer. Our online press service is just a click away: press.bayer.com Follow us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/pharma.bayer Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BayerPharma Bayer Forward Looking Statement This news release may contain forward-looking statements based on current assumptions and forecasts made by Bayer Group or subgroup management. Various known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors could lead to material differences between the actual future results, financial situation, development or performance of the company and the estimates given here. These factors include those discussed in Bayer's public reports which are available on the Bayer Web site at www.bayer.com. The company assumes no liability whatsoever to update these forward-looking statements or to conform them to future events or developments. PP-400-US-3310 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bayer-and-merck-to-present-riociguat-data-in-rare-pulmonary-diseases-at-the-annual-world-congress-of-the-pulmonary-vascular-research-institute-300397174.html SOURCE Bayer Related Links http://www.bayerus.com Jan 25, 2017, 12:31 ET Preview: Bayer Shares the Risk with Cotton Growers My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 25, 2017, 12:31 ETBayer Shares the Risk with Cotton Growers Jan 19, 2017, 12:11 ETSivanto Prime Insecticide Now Available for Additional Specialty... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Trade Show News Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: Bayer and Merck to Present Riociguat Data in Rare Pulmonary Diseases at the Annual World Congress of the Pulmonary Vascular Research Institute News provided by Bayer Jan 26, 2017, 11:51 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip navigation U.S. National Library of Medicine Menu Health Topics Drugs & Supplements Videos & Tools About MedlinePlus Search Search MedlinePlus GO About MedlinePlus Site Map FAQs Customer Support Health Topics Drugs & Supplements Videos & Tools Español You Are Here: Home → Latest Health News → Article URL of this page: https://medlineplus.gov/news/fullstory_163239.html Drug May Be New Weapon Against a 'Superbug' Zinplava cuts risk of recurrent C. difficile infections by 40 percent To use the sharing features on this page, please enable JavaScript. (*this news item will not be available after 04/25/2017) Wednesday, January 25, 2017 WEDNESDAY, Jan. 25, 2017 (HealthDay News) -- A newly approved drug may help in the battle against Clostridium difficile -- a potentially fatal "superbug" gut infection that has become a scourge in U.S. hospitals. In two clinical trials, researchers found that the drug, called bezlotoxumab (Zinplava), cut the risk of a recurrent C. difficile infection by almost 40 percent. That's important, because the gut infection commonly comes back after treatment with antibiotics -- around 20 percent of the time, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The infection can also make people seriously ill, with symptoms ranging from diarrhea to life-threatening inflammation of the colon, the CDC says. Zinplava has already been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and it should be available early this year, according to Merck, the drug's maker. That approval was based on the findings of two Merck-funded trials, published in the Jan. 26 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine. The drug "will give us another tool in the toolbox" for fighting C. difficile infections, said Dr. Johan Bakken, former president of the Infectious Diseases Society of America. And additional weapons are welcome, he said, given the scope the problem. C. difficile sickened almost half a million Americans in 2011, according to the most recent numbers from the CDC. An estimated 29,000 of those patients died within a month. Most infections happen in the hospital, the CDC says. In fact, C. difficile has become the most common hospital-acquired infection nationwide, Bakken pointed out. The bacteria can contaminate hospital surfaces and equipment, and be transmitted to patients. That's a particular threat when patients are on powerful antibiotics to treat an infection: The drugs kill not only harmful bacteria, but also the "good" bacteria that normally dwell in the gut and crowd out the bad ones. "The antibiotics hit the innocent bystanders, and that allows C. difficile to get a stronghold," said Bakken, who wasn't involved in the Zinplava trials. To treat C. difficile, doctors use more antibiotics, which actually do a good job of killing the bug. The problem, Bakken explained, is that C. difficile produces spores that can survive the onslaught. Once the antibiotics are stopped, those spores can spring to life again and churn out illness-causing toxins. Zinplava is not an antibiotic. It's a lab-generated "monoclonal" antibody designed to neutralize one of the C. difficile toxins -- toxin B -- and can keep it from damaging the colon lining, Bakken explained. "But it's not meant to be used alone," he stressed. Patients receive standard antibiotics, plus an IV infusion of Zinplava. The two trials involved over 2,600 adults who all received antibiotics for a first-time or recurrent C. difficile infection. Some were randomly assigned to receive a Zinplava infusion, while the rest received a saline infusion that served as a placebo. Over 12 weeks, 16 percent to 17 percent of Zinplava patients suffered a recurrent infection. That compared with 26 percent to 28 percent of placebo patients, the findings showed. The drug's main side effects included fever, nausea and diarrhea -- which affected between 5 percent and 7 percent of patients. According to Merck, there is also a concern about worsening heart failure in people who already have the disease. The drug is not for everyone with C. difficile infection, Bakken said. It's officially approved for people at "high risk" of a recurrence. Plus, Bakken noted, the drug is sure to be expensive -- as monoclonal antibody drugs always are. Dr. Mark Wilcox, the lead researcher on the trials, agreed that doctors will have to give the drug based on patients' personal odds of a recurrence. According to Wilcox, some high-risk patients include those who are age 65 or older, have a compromised immune system or have a severe C. difficile infection. "Bezlotoxumab was more effective in such patients," said Wilcox, a professor of medical microbiology at the University of Leeds in England. "So doctors should consider adding it to standard-of-care antibiotics according to these risk factors." The drug is not the final answer, however. "The recurrence rates were in the teens rather than the 20s," Bakken pointed out. He said researchers are working on other ways to protect vulnerable patients from C. difficile -- including vaccines. They also want to figure out which "key organisms" are needed in the gut to ward off the infection, Bakken said. A study last year hinted that "good" strains of the C. difficile bug, itself, could be beneficial. In that study, patients given antibiotics and a liquid containing non-toxic C. difficile had a lower risk of a repeat infection, versus those who drank a placebo brew. SOURCES: Mark Wilcox, M.D., professor, medical microbiology, University of Leeds, U.K.; Johan Bakken, M.D., former president, Infectious Diseases Society of America; Jan. 26, 2017, New England Journal of Medicine HealthDay Copyright (c) 2017 HealthDay. All rights reserved. News stories are written and provided by HealthDay and do not reflect federal policy, the views of MedlinePlus, the National Library of Medicine, the National Institutes of Health, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. More Health News on: Clostridium Difficile Infections Recent Health News Related MedlinePlus Health Topics Clostridium Difficile Infections About MedlinePlus Site Map FAQs Customer Support Get email updates Subscribe to RSS Follow us Disclaimers Copyright Privacy Accessibility Quality Guidelines Viewers & Players MedlinePlus Connect for EHRs For Developers U.S. National Library of Medicine 8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20894 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services National Institutes of Health Page last updated on 26 January 2017
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Credit Suisse Sees Incyte Rising Over 15% By Chris Lange January 23, 2017 12:35 pm EST Print Email Tweet Incyte Corp. (NASDAQ: INCY) is one of the health care stocks that hit it big in 2016 — that is, after it crashed and burned. As we all know, 2016 got off to a bad start, but a very strong finish that made up for it. Unfortunately, Incyte posted a loss on the year despite making an incredibly recovery from its February lows. Looking ahead, one analyst sees solid upside for this stock. Credit Suisse has an Outperform rating with a $137 price target, implying an upside of 15% from Friday’s close at $117.22. Earlier this month, Incyte and Merck announced a decision to advance the clinical development program investigating the combination of epacadostat, Incyte’s investigational oral selective IDO1 inhibitor, with Keytruda (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. With the expansion of the clinical development program, the companies plan to initiate pivotal studies of epacadostat in combination with Keytruda in four additional tumors: non-small cell lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, bladder cancer and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. Credit Suisse sees future earnings growth from Incyte’s pipeline, with epacadostat’s potential as a best-in-class immunotherapy combination agent making the stock an attractive takeout target for big biotech and pharma. The firm is positive on Incyte’s continued geographic expansion, with a long-term positive earnings impact as wholly owned early-stage assets enter clinical development and commercial markets. The firm continued in its report saying: We are bullish on Jakafi’s continued expansion into MF/PV driving earnings in 2017. We see future earnings growth from INCY’s pipeline, with epacadostat’s potential as a best-in-class immunotherapy combination agent making INCY an attractive takeout target for Big Biotech/Pharma. We are positive on INCY’s continued geographic expansion, with a long-term positive earnings impact as wholly owned early-stage assets enter clinical development and commercial markets. Credit Suisse added: We see the announcement of epacadostat data at ASCO ’17 as one of the most significant near-term inflection points. These data warranted the Jan ’17 decision for ph3 trial expansion into NSCLC, bladder cancer, head and neck cancer, and RCC. We see INCB50465 in lymphoma, INCB54828 in bladder cancer/cholangiocarcinoma, and Itacitinib in treatment-naïve GvHD as keys to INCY growth beyond 2020. The question is whether one of the major players in big biotech and pharma will move to acquire Incyte. If this should happen, Credit Suisse values Incyte’s stock up to $167 per share to a potential acquirer. The firm views Incyte as having scarcity value as a commercial-stage oncology company. Credit Suisse remains bullish on M&A, with potential for tax-related U.S. political tailwinds. Shares of Incyte were last seen trading up 1.3% at $118.74 on Monday, with a consensus analyst price target of $122.21 and a 52-week trading range of $55.00 to $122.68. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Gas Prices Slide for Second Straight Week Is Sprint Crazy or Is Tidal’s Streaming Platform Worth the Money? » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, biotech, healthcare, Mergers and Acquisitions, pharmaceuticals, Incyte Corp (NASDAQ:INCY) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets States With the Best (and Worst) Schools America's Best States to Live In Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? Earnings Growth Returns, Will it Continue? U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Wells Fargo Complaints Vanish From Labor Department Website Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Receives $277.64 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc (DPH) Receives GBX 1,370.33 Consensus PT from Brokerages Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Shares Sold by Marathon Asset Management LLP Posted by William Strong on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Marathon Asset Management LLP decreased its stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 5.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 735,665 shares of the company’s stock after selling 39,349 shares during the period. Marathon Asset Management LLP’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $46,230,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of MRK. Solaris Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 3.8% in the third quarter. Solaris Asset Management LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 60 shares in the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 5.9% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 1,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 124.7% in the second quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 1,802 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 14.2% in the second quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC now owns 2,104 shares of the company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 261 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 1,925.2% in the second quarter. Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC now owns 2,248 shares of the company’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 2,137 shares in the last quarter. 73.63% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 61.08 on Thursday. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52-week low of $47.97 and a 52-week high of $65.46. The stock has a market capitalization of $168.41 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.20 and a beta of 0.77. The company has a 50-day moving average of $60.79 and a 200-day moving average of $61.38. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.08%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Shares Sold by Marathon Asset Management LLP” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/merck-company-inc-mrk-shares-sold-by-marathon-asset-management-llp.html. Several analysts recently weighed in on MRK shares. Vetr cut shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $57.17 target price on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Guggenheim raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the company from $61.63 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the company from $57.00 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $66.31. In related news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total transaction of $5,133,090.46. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,762 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,667,275.24. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 9,594 shares in the company, valued at $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 245,523 shares of company stock worth $15,418,490. Corporate insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Merck & Company Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Next » Chevron Corporation (CVX) is Concorde Asset Management LLC’s 10th Largest Position Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs January 26, 2017 They Aren’t All Safe: Pharma is Willing to Look “Unscientific” to Sell Vaccines by Martha Rosenberg by Tweet Email Why do progressive news sites that expose government and corporate disinformation in other areas accept disinformation when it comes to vaccines–actually calling activists “unscientific”? It is not surprising mainstream scientists are vaccine absolutists who vilify “anti-vaxxers” given that their medical centers, hospital wings, universities and sometimes personal paychecks are funded by Pharma. (The motive of progressive sites is less clear.) But “Pharma knows best” rings false with a quick look at withdrawn drugs like Vioxx, Bextra, Baycol, Trovan, Meridia, Darvon, Phen-Fen, Raxar and Seldane–all called safe when they were making millions. Neither mainstream or progressive news sites want to acknowledge the existence of the federal National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP) which, since 1988, has settled more than 16,000 claims and awarded $3.18 billion in injury settlements. When I asked a vaccine expert why the court existed if vaccines are unremittingly safe he told me that vaccines are so basic to public health yet so non-lucrative (compared to billion dollar pills), the government does not want vaccine makers bankrupted by lawsuits. But ignoring the court and the ghastly injuries it settles—I was told, off the record, about a woman who lost her fingers and toes from vasculitis caused by a vaccine—mainstream scientists are the ones who are “unscientific.”  The truth is not all vaccines are safe, life-saving or necessary and conflicts of interest do exist. Consider the case of Gardasil, a vaccine against the human papillomavirus vaccine types 6, 11, 16, 18. The Case of Gardasil A few years ago, Merck aggressively marketed Gardasil, a vaccine against the HPV virus (which is linked to venereal warts and cervical cancer)–even in poor countries where cervical cancer is hardly a leading cause of death compared to malaria or diarrheal diseases. (In developed countries, a Pap test is as effective as a vaccine in preventing cervical cancer.) Last year, judges in India’s Supreme Court demanded answers after children died during a trial of Gardasil and Cervarix, GlaxoSmithKline’s counterpart vaccine, a few years earlier. According to CBS News there was another cloud over Gardasil. “Merck gave $6,000 to [Texas Gov. Rick] Perry’s election campaign fund as part of a national lobbying effort to persuade states that it ought to require Gardasil as one of the vaccines all kids should have before attending school,”  it wrote. The director of a Merck-funded pro-Gardasil group was also Perry’s then-chief of staff’s mother-in-law. Nor did the departure of former CDC director Julie Gerberding to head Merck’s vaccines division look right to many ethics specialists. Docs Gone Bad Mainstream scientists have savaged Andrew Wakefield, a British medical researcher found to have conducted fraudulent research linking the measles, mumps and rubella (MMR). His corruption is said to disprove any scientific doubts about vaccine safety. Yet when researchers in the U.S. have been so corrupt they have gone to jail, mainstream scientists still accept their research. Scott Reuben published fraudulent research on Lyrica, Effexor, Celebrex and other drugs for Pharma. He went to prison for six months but the “science” behind the drugs he promoted stands. Richard Borison, former psychiatry chief at Augusta Veterans Affairs (VA) medical center and Medical College of Georgia, went to prison for 15 years for using clinical trials on veterans of the antipsychotic Seroquel to line his own pockets. The drug went on to earn billions and his for-profit “research” still stands. As a reporter I have interviewed a man whose blindness was caused by a 1976 flu vaccine for which the government compensated him. More recently I interviewed a parent whose normal toddler was never the same after a vaccine and is now institutionalized. “He cried hysterically for 24 hours,” the parent, who is a medical practitioner, told me. Pharma is unwise to cast such parents, of whom there are many, as “nuts.” The degeneration of their child is not their imagination. Also, there is no defensible reason for vaccines to be given all at once to a child, which many say heightens risks. Administering clusters of vaccines–once not given to children–has been called a major, new profit center for pediatricians. But anti-vaccination activists should also not be absolutist. Would anyone refuse a rabies vaccine after being bitten by a rabid raccoon? A tetanus shot after a serious wound? Would responsible parents deny their child a whooping cough or polio vaccine? Like all drugs aggressively marketed these days, patients and parents need to do their own research and weigh benefits and risks—never forgetting Pharma’s spotty safety record. Join the debate on Facebook Martha Rosenberg is an investigative health reporter. She is the author of  Born With A Junk Food Deficiency: How Flaks, Quacks and Hacks Pimp The Public Health (Prometheus). More articles by:Martha Rosenberg next - Trump’s First Big Test on Taxes, previous - The War Horror Has Begun, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year Weekend Edition January 28, 2017 Friday - Sunday Uri Avnery President  Kong Weekend Edition January 27, 2017 Friday - Sunday Paul Street The Empire Has No Clothes Jeffrey St. Clair Roaming Charges: Populism With an Inhuman Face Mike Whitney Game Over for Democrats? Andrew Levine Resist Trump and Pence, But Watch Out for the Dems Melvin Goodman David Ignatius, the CIA’s Apologist-in-Chief Rob Urie Liberalism as Class Warfare Yoav Litvin Trump’s America: Land of Dystopia and Resistance Ellen Brown How to Cut Infrastructure Costs in Half Vijay Prashad Trump and the Decline of American Unipolarity Richard Moser Transformation: the Means and Measure of Revolutionary Change Dave Lindorff Trump’s Misplaced Wall Ron Jacobs A Scheme is Not a Vision Brian Cloughley What Happens to Afghanistan Now? Robert Fantina Solving Problems, Trump Style Norman Pollack Mexico and International Politics: Autarkic Walls Robert Fisk Trump’s Presidency-by-Tweet: Bad for Muslims, Great for ISIS Ramzy Baroud The Paris Peace Conference: Signaling an End to a Western-dominated Era? Missy Comley Beattie The Party’s Over Pauline Murphy Our Il Duce Colin Todhunter The British Government Colludes with Monsanto Patrick Cockburn The Long War: Turkey’s Difficult Struggle Against ISIS in Syria David Swanson Be Glad the White House Comment Line Is Closed David Rosen The New Censorship Wars Begin: Porn, Sex Trafficking & Backpage Graham Peebles Searching for Peace in a Troubled World Andre Vltchek Trump, Abe and Confused Japanese ‘Samurais’ Thomas Knapp Why Trump is Doubling Down on the Voter Fraud Fraud Andrew Stewart St. Cory Booker: An Interview with Glen Ford John Stanton The Trump Conundrum: Remodeling the American Republic, Diktats via Twitter Jack Random Seven Days of Trump Priti Gulati Cox 11/8: America’s Got President & India’s Got No Cash Michael Kwet Cmore: South Africa’s New Smart Policing Surveillance Engine Robert Dodge 2 ½ Minutes to Midnight – Our World in Peril Myles Hoenig Thoughts on the Women’s March Louis Proyect The Politics of a Punch: Richard Spencer and the Black Bloc Joseph Natoli A Defensive Wall Against an Illiberal Regime Rob Okun Inaugurating the Majori-Tea Party Mel Gurtov How To Make Enemies Andrew Moss Reclaiming Our Democracy Elliot Sperber Apocalypse as Liberation Dan Bacher Jerry Brown Praises Trump’s Plan for New Tunnels and Other Infrastructure Raul Castro The Path of Unity: Address to CELAC Conference Randy Shields King Richard, Coeur de Rat Jason Holland The Commodification of Art in the Prelude to Eschaton Charles R. Larson Review: Han Kang’s “Human Acts” CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Health News New drug reduces risk of 'superbug' re-infection by 40 percent By Amy Norton, HealthDay News   |   Updated Jan. 26, 2017 at 6:09 AM Follow @upi Comments WEDNESDAY, Jan. 25, 2017 -- A newly approved drug may help in the battle against Clostridium difficile -- a potentially fatal "superbug" gut infection that has become a scourge in U.S. hospitals. In two clinical trials, researchers found that the drug, called bezlotoxumab, marketed as Zinplava, cut the risk of a recurrent C. difficile infection by almost 40 percent. That's important, because the gut infection commonly comes back after treatment with antibiotics -- around 20 percent of the time, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The infection can also make people seriously ill, with symptoms ranging from diarrhea to life-threatening inflammation of the colon, the CDC says. Zinplava has already been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and it should be available early this year, according to Merck, the drug's maker. That approval was based on the findings of two Merck-funded trials, published in the Jan. 26 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine. The drug "will give us another tool in the toolbox" for fighting C. difficile infections, said Dr. Johan Bakken, former president of the Infectious Diseases Society of America. And additional weapons are welcome, he said, given the scope the problem. C. difficile sickened almost half a million Americans in 2011, according to the most recent numbers from the CDC. An estimated 29,000 of those patients died within a month. Most infections happen in the hospital, the CDC says. In fact, C. difficile has become the most common hospital-acquired infection nationwide, Bakken pointed out. The bacteria can contaminate hospital surfaces and equipment, and be transmitted to patients. That's a particular threat when patients are on powerful antibiotics to treat an infection: The drugs kill not only harmful bacteria, but also the "good" bacteria that normally dwell in the gut and crowd out the bad ones. "The antibiotics hit the innocent bystanders, and that allows C. difficile to get a stronghold," said Bakken, who wasn't involved in the Zinplava trials. To treat C. difficile, doctors use more antibiotics, which actually do a good job of killing the bug. The problem, Bakken explained, is that C. difficile produces spores that can survive the onslaught. Once the antibiotics are stopped, those spores can spring to life again and churn out illness-causing toxins. Zinplava is not an antibiotic. It's a lab-generated "monoclonal" antibody designed to neutralize one of the C. difficile toxins -- toxin B -- and can keep it from damaging the colon lining, Bakken explained. "But it's not meant to be used alone," he stressed. Patients receive standard antibiotics, plus an IV infusion of Zinplava. The two trials involved over 2,600 adults who all received antibiotics for a first-time or recurrent C. difficile infection. Some were randomly assigned to receive a Zinplava infusion, while the rest received a saline infusion that served as a placebo. Over 12 weeks, 16 percent to 17 percent of Zinplava patients suffered a recurrent infection. That compared with 26 percent to 28 percent of placebo patients, the findings showed. The drug's main side effects included fever, nausea and diarrhea -- which affected between 5 percent and 7 percent of patients. According to Merck, there is also a concern about worsening heart failure in people who already have the disease. The drug is not for everyone with C. difficile infection, Bakken said. It's officially approved for people at "high risk" of a recurrence. Plus, Bakken noted, the drug is sure to be expensive -- as monoclonal antibody drugs always are. Dr. Mark Wilcox, the lead researcher on the trials, agreed that doctors will have to give the drug based on patients' personal odds of a recurrence. According to Wilcox, some high-risk patients include those who are age 65 or older, have a compromised immune system or have a severe C. difficile infection. "Bezlotoxumab was more effective in such patients," said Wilcox, a professor of medical microbiology at the University of Leeds in England. "So doctors should consider adding it to standard-of-care antibiotics according to these risk factors." The drug is not the final answer, however. "The recurrence rates were in the teens rather than the 20s," Bakken pointed out. He said researchers are working on other ways to protect vulnerable patients from C. difficile -- including vaccines. They also want to figure out which "key organisms" are needed in the gut to ward off the infection, Bakken said. A study last year hinted that "good" strains of the C. difficile bug, itself, could be beneficial. In that study, patients given antibiotics and a liquid containing non-toxic C. difficile had a lower risk of a repeat infection, versus those who drank a placebo brew. More information The CDC has more on C. difficile infection. Copyright © 2017 HealthDay. All rights reserved. Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories 'Superbug' widespread in hospitals, must be monitored, study says 'Superbug' resistant to all antibiotics killed Nevada woman Study shows how bacteria can lessen the body's defenses Comments Topics: Food and Drug Administration Latest Headlines If you can't stay off social media, maybe it's in your genes 13 hours ago ago How many hours you devote to social networking, gaming and other online media may depend on your genes, British researchers report. Anxiety may lead to unneeded prostate cancer treatments 13 hours ago ago Anxiety may prompt prostate cancer patients to opt for potentially unnecessary treatments, a new study suggests. Slim but sedentary: Risk of prediabetes may rise 13 hours ago ago Here's yet another reason to get off the couch: Inactivity is associated with greater risk of prediabetes, even for healthy-weight adults, a new study finds. Lack of exercise might invite dementia 13 hours ago ago Parking yourself in front of the TV may make you as likely to develop dementia as people genetically predisposed to the condition, a Canadian study suggests. New research shows potential to improve stroke treatments 14 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Researchers at the Joslin Diabetes Center are using a new method that has the potential to safely and more effectively remove blood clots in stroke patients. UPI Latest Trending Stories Fecal transplant reduces autism symptoms in children in small study Bone loss in women may be reduced with anti-inflammatory diet Study shows Alzheimer's disease has roots in the womb Proper nutrition may improve outcomes for HIV, type 2 diabetes: Study Treatment for a precursor of breast cancer can extend life More Collections Dow breaks 20,000 for the first time in history Activists protest oil pipelines after President Trump's executive orders Trump administration's first days Inauguration Day in America Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 44-52 We set you thinking Saturday 28 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Syrian army takes over water spring near Damascus: Hezbollah-run media unit 1485595149 World No time to create walls between nations: Iran's Rouhani 1485594578 World U.N. agencies urge Trump to allow refugees entry 1485595345 China&India China brands take over India’s smartphone market 1485594997 World Poland wants Merkel on its side in reforming EU: PM Szydlo 1485594224 World 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills 1485591360 China&India China to spend US$37 billion to tackle growing waste problem 1485593206 World Trump to call Japan’s Abe, other world leaders on Saturday 1485590460 World For Chinese New Year, Malaysian PM Najib hopes for a better economy, unity in Malaysia 1485588999 World 16,500 summonses issued during Malaysia’s Chinese New Year enforcement operation 1485588101 World Divided Koreans pay respect to ancestors 1485586306 World Trump bars refugees and citizens of 7 Muslim countries 1485583903 World Plenty of room for ‘bad dudes’ at Guantanamo 1485583305 China&India China marks Lunar New Year with prayers, incense, fireworks 1485582108 World Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK 1485580901 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485574348 Business Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei 1485573177 Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources 1485572257 World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. 1485571574 Business Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing 1485566739 World Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump 1485566708 World Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House 1485565285 World Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm 1485563692 World Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains 1485562401 Business Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico 1485562735 Business Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft 1485561920 Business Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers 1485560447 Business Facebook CEO, facing wave of criticism, stops attempt to force Hawaii land sale 1485558748 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT 1485558913 World Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions 1485555742 Business Energy pipelines back in investor favor after Trump orders 1485558154 Business Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension 1485557390 Business Mexico's Slim calls Trump negotiator 'not Terminator' 1485557674 Business Border tax ideas roil oil markets, favor Gulf Coast refiners 1485558333 Business Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings 1485552061 World British PM May to raise trade, security with Turkey's Erdogan 1485556449 Business CMBS tied to Trump son-in-law sails through market 1485556130 Business Senator says U.S. Labor Department dismantled website for Wells Fargo workers 1485556384 World Trump says Mexican imports tax one option but others possible 1485557184 World Trump's unpredictability already troubles U.S. friends 1485556617 Business GM, Honda to announce fuel cell technology advance: sources 1485554936 World No U.S. review of treaties, U.N. funding at this time: admin official 1485555537 World North Korea appears to have restarted plutonium reactor: think tank 1485554908 World Fillon's French presidential bid may be hurt by probe into wife's work 1485541015 Business Bosch, Cisco, BNY Mellon, others launch new blockchain consortium 1485553255 Business U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade 1485552656 Business GM to cut 625 jobs in Canada, move some work to Mexico: union 1485546292 World Swedish ex-finance minister and tycoon named suspects in bribery case 1485550775 World Security official: Mexican cartels inspired horrors in Brazil prison carnage 1485548308 World Holocaust Memorial selfie-takers apologize to Israeli shamer 1485548242 Business Merck reveals seven years of its U.S. drug price increase history mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, January 28, 2017 Merck & Co <MRK.N> on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market. Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder." Other pharmaceutical companies have also signaled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic http://tmsnrt.rs/2katwVw The pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year. Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumors command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent. The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N> on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them. Earlier this month, AbbVie <ABBV.N> became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Zodiac family silver key to $9 billion Safran tie-up Yahoo beats Wall Street view, sees Verizon deal closing in second quarter Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Whirlpool to cut 500 EMEA jobs in dryer manufacturing unit Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Wells Fargo to stop giving branches advance notice of inspections Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Wall Street Week Ahead: Optimism among S&P 500 CEOs as Trump takes power Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street ends higher as Trump becomes president Inside Today World Poland wants Merkel on its side in reforming EU: PM Szydlo U.N. agencies urge Trump to allow refugees entry 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills Trump to call Japan’s Abe, other world leaders on Saturday For Chinese New Year, Malaysian PM Najib hopes for a better economy, unity in Malaysia Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Sports Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Tampines Rovers and head coach Akbar part ways Only Venus Williams stands in the way of Serena making history Bolt stripped of gold after Jamaica team mate Carter tests positive Entertainment Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend Elton John to turn Devil Wears Prada into musical Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested outside New York City museum Radio veteran Melson stayed connected with listeners About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors DidYouKnow Newsroom diaries 2016: How we covered the year's big stories Firstpost . Saturday, January 28, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Pune civic polls to see no alliances as BJP-Shiv Sena snap ties Punjab Election 2017: Navjot Singh Sidhu's switchover has given Congress a second wind Punjab Election 2017: Arvind Kejriwal calls Narendra Modi vindictive, blames EC for promoting bribery Jammu and Kashmir: National Conference, Congress oppose resolution on Hari Singh Uttar Pradesh Election 2017: RLD releases 8th list of candidates for polls Goa Election 2017: Congress promises 'clean governance', hopes to return to power Sports Live Australian Open 2017, Day 13: Serena Williams wins 1st over sister Venus in final Live Big Bash League 2016/17 final, Perth Scorchers vs Sydney Sixers: Sydney struggling to score Bundesliga: Hoffenheim’s fairytale run is a reflection of coach Julian Nagelsmann's zealous philosophy India vs England, 2nd T20: Yuzvendra Chahal plans to capitalise on big boundaries using flighted deliveries I-League 2017: Churchill Brothers come from behind to stun 10-man Bengaluru FC Australian Open 2017: Watch all 8 Serena vs Venus Williams Grand Slam finals at a glance India Trapping a predator: How Sunil Rastogi, 'India's worst paedophile', was finally brought to book BJP leader Ranjit Das' remark on hoisting tricolour upside down the latest in party gaffes Vijay Mallya blames govt policies, economic conditions for collapse of Kingfisher Airlines Tax payer hopes from Budget soar; with ball in Jaitley's court, will he score a goal or self-goal? Demystifying Budgets: This website helps you make sense of the numbers haze Songs of freedom: Jailed for 4 years, Kabir Kala Manch members are now ready with new music World Mark Zuckerberg criticises Donald Trump's, says US a 'nation of immigrants' South Asian lawyers group condemn Donald Trump's order on Muslim ban, will challenge it in court Donald Trump bans Muslim refugees, signs executive order to keep radicals out of US John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee, actor of 'The Elephant Man' and 'Harry Potter' was 77 Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: Donald Trump is 'negotiator, not Terminator' Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by Donald Trump order on refugees, says don't turn your back on defenceless children Business Vijay Mallya-Kingfisher case: Not just bankers, UPA too have a lot of explaining to do Tax payer hopes from Budget soar; with ball in Jaitley's court, will he score a goal or self-goal? GST on the anvil: Budget can clear the air over input tax credit, unutilised education cess Demystifying Budgets: This website helps you make sense of the numbers haze IIT-Bombay's two-day E-Summit to encourage budding entrepreneurs starts today Budget should clear uncertainty over GAAR and other tax treaties to woo foreign investors Life Mumbai Pride Parade: Not just a symbol of protest, it is a celebration of who we are Amish Tripathi: For books to achieve mass success in India, stories need to connect with our roots Confessions of a first timer: Agony and ecstasy of being a panelist at the Jaipur Literature Festival Songs of freedom: Jailed for 4 years, Kabir Kala Manch members are now ready with new music Nita Ambani honoured by the Met, New York, for Reliance Foundation's philanthropic initiatives Entertainment Kaabil vs Raees: An honest Shah Rukh Khan fan will admit Hrithik's film is better Kaatru Veliyidai: Celebrating 25 years of Mani Ratnam, A R Rahman's musical partnership Bigg Boss 10 finale: How the controversial show unfolded over ten seasons Sanjay Leela Bhansali attacked on Padmavati set: Bollywood appalled; takes to Twitter Raam Reddy interview: On Thithi clones, unconditioning and life after a great debut film Raees vs Kaabil: Shah Rukh Khan responds to Rakesh Roshan's angry claims Photos Videos Budget 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors You are here: Latest News Fwire News Merck reveals 7 years of its U.S. drug price increase history | Reuters ReutersJan, 28 2017 01:15:04 IST #Reuters By Bill Berkrot Merck & Co (MRK.N) on Friday posted seven years of information showing a high single-digit percentage annual average price hike across its portfolio of medicines in a move that provides new details on its pricing practices for the U.S. market.Politicians, health insurers and most recently President Donald Trump have criticized drug companies over high U.S. prices for prescription drugs and repeated price hikes. Trump said pharmaceutical companies have been "getting away with murder."Other pharmaceutical companies have also signalled intentions to address rising criticism over prescription drug cost. In every year after 2010, Merck said its average list price hikes over its entire drug portfolio was more than 9 percent, peaking at 10.5 percent in 2014. The averages are near the 10 percent level that some pharmaceutical executives and lawmakers have targeted recently. See graphic tmsnrt.rs/2katwVwThe pricing information, which can be found on Merck's website, provides data from 2010 through 2016 on average annual increases to list price, as well as net price after discounts and rebates to payers, including pharmaceutical benefit managers and insurers. It also lists the average discount for each year.Merck's most important new revenue growth driver, the cancer drug Keytruda, lists for about $150,000 per year of treatment. The class of medicines that are transforming cancer treatment by helping the immune system to attack tumours command high prices but so far help only about 20 percent of patients who receive them. Merck's chart shows that its annual net price increases ranged from a low of 3.4 percent in 2010 to a high of 6.2 percent in 2012. In 2013, 2015 and 2016, they were 5.5 percent.The average discount from list price climbed from 27.3 percent in 2010 to 40.9 percent in 2016, Merck said. Payers have been demanding increasing discounts and rebates in exchange for covering a drugmakers' medicines. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) on Tuesday said it was planning to release a "pharmaceutical transparency report" with new disclosures on U.S. pricing, research and development expenses, and programs to supply medicines to those who cannot afford them.Earlier this month, AbbVie (ABBV.N) became the third major drugmaker to pledge to keep U.S. price increases under 10 percent in 2017. It also said it would raise prices only once this year, rather than the common industry standard of two, often double-digit percentage, price increases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot, additional reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Bernard Orr) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Also See Australia look to spin, versatility, to turn India tide | Reuters Premier League - Chelsea, Spurs and Arsenal enjoy big wins | Reuters SpaceX returns to flight, sending satellites into orbit | Reuters One China principle is non-negotiable - Beijing | Reuters Top Stories Trapping a predator: How Sunil Rastogi, 'India's worst paedophile', was finally brought to book Mallya Mails: Did ex-PMO Show Special Interest in Keeping KFA Flying? Punjab Election 2017: Arvind Kejriwal calls Narendra Modi vindictive, blames EC for promoting bribery Live Big Bash League 2016/17 final, Perth Scorchers vs Sydney Sixers: Sydney struggling to score NRIs can exchange old notes till June 30: A step by step guide Kaabil vs Raees: An honest Shah Rukh Khan fan will admit Hrithik's film is better Donald Trump bans Muslim refugees, signs executive order to keep radicals out of US Vijay Mallya-Kingfisher case: Not just bankers, UPA too have a lot of explaining to do Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 England beat India by 7 wickets United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series, 2017 United Arab Emirates beat Hong Kong by 6 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Australia beat Pakistan by 57 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 Sri Lanka beat South Africa by 5 wickets United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series, 2017 United Arab Emirates beat Scotland by 4 wickets Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 Sri Lanka beat South Africa by 3 wickets England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 England beat India by 5 runs United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series, 2017 Hong Kong beat Scotland by 7 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Australia beat Pakistan by 86 runs England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Jan 29th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 NZ vs AUS - Jan 30th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 1st, 2017, 05:00 PM IST England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Feb 1st, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 NZ vs AUS - Feb 2nd, 2017, 06:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 4th, 2017, 05:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 NZ vs AUS - Feb 5th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 7th, 2017, 05:00 PM IST Bangladesh in India, Only Test, 2017 IND vs BAN - Feb 9th, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 SA vs SL - Feb 10th, 2017, 05:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Fact check: President Trump’s first week of inaccurate statements Here’s where a Mexican trade war might hit you Trump bars refugees and citizens of 7 Muslim countries When it comes to Roger Goodell, Tom Brady’s father doesn’t hold back Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Independence is a constant challenge for cancer drug startups E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Jonathan Wiggs/Globe Staff Neon Therapeutics chief executive Hugh O’Dowd came to the Cambridge company last year from Novartis. By Robert Weisman Globe Staff  January 27, 2017 Where are all the Massachusetts cancer drug companies going? A series of buyouts and setbacks this month — including a $5.2 billion takeover of Cambridge’s Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc. — has dimmed hopes for an emerging cluster of independent biotechs developing and marketing cancer treatments locally. Advertisement Ariad’s sale to Takeda Pharmaceuticals Inc. gave the Japanese company an approved blood cancer drug and a promising lung cancer drug candidate that is being reviewed by regulators. It followed an agreement by another Cambridge company, Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc., to sell its approved treatment for pancreatic cancer to Ipsen SA of France for $575 million. “There’s an enormous amount of oncology expertise here, and a large concentration of cancer research grants,” said biopharma consultant Jonathan Gertler, cofounder and chief executive of Back Bay Life Science Advisors in Boston. “[But] ultimately everybody is for sale. The majority of small biotech companies, if successful, will eventually be acquired.” Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Ariad and Merrimack weren’t the only companies spinning off cancer drugs. Boston’s Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., one of the state’s largest standalone biotechs, licensed its entire pipeline of four experimental cancer drugs to German drug maker Merck KGaA. Merck, like Takeda and Ipsen, has research and commercial operations in Massachusetts, doing business here under its US name EMD Serono. All three companies are making a push into a cancer drug market dominated by Big Pharma stalwarts such as Roche AG, Novartis AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., and AstraZeneca PLC. But the ultimate decisions on drug programs for those companies are made outside Massachusetts, often overseas. By cultivating a homegrown cluster of cancer drug companies, some believe, Massachusetts could more easily capitalize on research breakthroughs made at local academic labs, build a tier of top executives with the autonomy and ability to make moves quickly, and cement a leadership position in the field as promising medicines that target specific cancer mutations begin to emerge. Advertisement A broader collection of standalone cancer drug makers is key for the state’s biotech sector’s continued growth, just as cancer drug companies like Genentech Inc. have long fueled the industry in California, said David Schenkein, a Genentech veteran who is now chief executive of Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc. in Cambridge, which is trying to treat tumors and rare genetic diseases by fixing metabolic irregularities that might cause the conditions. “It’s critically important to the long-term health of the industry that companies like ours — with multiple investigational medicines heading for the market — grow and thrive,” Schenkein said. “Smaller companies are much more likely to take science risks and challenge dogmas than the larger companies. Our goal from the beginning is to be a long-term independent company with multiple products helping patients. We want to be another Genentech.” In some cases, the recent deals are simply the price of success. Turning away attractive buyout offers isn’t easy, particularly at public companies with investors eager for big payouts, but many top executives at smaller cancer drug developers say they’d prefer to stay independent. Hugh O’Dowd, recruited from Novartis last year to be chief executive of Neon Therapeutics Inc. in Cambridge, said he was drawn by the chance to develop custom-tailored cancer vaccines and build a sustainable company. The idea, he said, is for Neon to develop and market its own drugs. At the same time, O’Dowd said, smaller companies face formidable obstacles in their quest to remain unattached. One is the ability to build their own sales forces outside the large markets in the United States and Europe, he said. Pharmaceutical giants, by contrast, have far-flung commercial businesses across Asia and the developing world, and can easily fold new medicines acquired from small companies into those existing sales channels. For startups and established companies alike, a major draw for the Boston area are research hospitals like the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, where scientists experiment and doctors run clinical trials with the latest therapies. More than a dozen startups and early stage biotechs have sprung up in Massachusetts seeking to commercialize a range of approaches to cancer treatments, from targeted gene therapies to drugs that stimulate the immune system to fight tumors. Among the drug developers, most initially backed by venture capital, are Agios, Bluebird Bio Inc., Blueprint Medicines Corp., Constellation Pharmaceuticals Inc., Epizyme Inc., Jounce Therapeutics Inc., Mersana Therapeutics Inc., Neon, Replimune Inc., Surface Oncology Inc., Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc., Tesaro Inc., and X4 Pharmaceuticals Inc. But this month’s transactions call into question how quickly this pack of independent cancer drug developers can transform themselves into commercial companies. Some research setbacks have added to the uncertainty. Merrimack continues as a research company, but last month it halted a clinical trial of a breast cancer drug when an independent panel found the treatment probably wouldn’t work better than those already available. And earlier this month, US regulators delayed ruling on a new intravenous version of Tesaro’s treatment for chemotherapy-related nausea until the Waltham company provides more information about a pair of its manufacturing subcontractors. Food and Drug Administration officials have granted priority review to another Tesaro drug, which treats ovarian cancer. Some executives say the critical task for drug makers seeking to keep their independence — and the juncture at which many stumble — is winning approval of their second drug. “History says it’s hard to have an enduring company if you just have one product on the market,” said Nancy Simonian, chief executive of Cambridge-based Syros, which is developing drugs that regulate cancer-causing genes. “Getting product two and product three on the market is very important. You want to be able to invest money into your research and development engine to keep the innovation going.” Robert Weisman can be reached at robert.weisman@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @GlobeRobW. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Fact check: President Trump’s first week of inaccurate statements Here’s where a Mexican trade war might hit you Trump bars refugees and citizens of 7 Muslim countries When it comes to Roger Goodell, Tom Brady’s father doesn’t hold back Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 2:01 A.M. ET Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 12:00 A.M. ET Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 12:00 A.M. ET Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/27 Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 1/27 Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 1/27 Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 1/27 Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 1/27 Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 1/27 How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 1/27 Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 1/27 Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 1/27 Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 1/27 Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 1/27 Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Intel 1/27 Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 1/27 Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 1/27 Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Skittles Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Industries Pharmaceuticals The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Merck will release average drug price increases to ‘provide greater transparency’ By Peter Loftus Published: Jan 27, 2017 9:48 a.m. ET Share Average list prices increased by 9.6%, with an average net price increase of 5.5%, the drugmaker said Getty Images Merck said it would release average list and net price increases on Friday. By PeterLoftus Merck & Co. is the latest drug company to offer more detail about its U.S. pricing practices amid widespread criticism of the pharmaceutical industry’s price increases in recent years. The company is slated to release figures on its website Friday showing the average list-price increase across Merck’s MRK, +0.90%  brand-name drugs and vaccines ranged from 7.4% in 2010 to a peak of 10.5% in 2014. The average increase in its net prices, which reflects the discounts the company gives insurers, ranged from 3.4% in 2010 to a peak of 6.2% in 2012, the company said. Last year, Merck raised list prices by an average of 9.6%, with an average net price increase of 5.5%. Merck isn’t releasing its product-by-product price increases. Robert McMahon, president of Merck’s U.S. market, said in an interview there are competitive issues with releasing product-specific information. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ: Trump’s Little Mexican War U.S.-Mexico Rift Deepens Over Trade Threat, Canceled Meeting More from MarketWatch Johnson & Johnson’s lackluster sales shove it into drug-pricing debate Grilled by Democrats on health care plans, HHS Secretary nominee Tom Price reveals nothing On Obamacare, President Trump told Republicans ‘let it explode’ Quote References MRK +0.55 +0.90% Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $61.75 +0.55 (+0.90%) Volume 6.6M Open $61.38 High $61.99 Low $61.30 P/E Ratio 31.51 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 168.7B LatestNews
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo ReutersJanuary 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The office tower of the headquarters of Swiss drugmaker Roche is seen in Basel, Switzerland, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd WiegmannMore ZURICH (Reuters) - Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. On Thursday, Bristol-Myers managers said Tecentriq is grabbing market share from its I/O drug Opdivo for second-line non-small-cell lung cancer, one factor that forced them to cut their 2017 earnings forecast. "Most of our erosion in second line has been attributable to" Tecentriq, Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers's chief commercial officer, told analysts. "We gave up about 10 points of market share." Merck's Keytruda drug is also taking patients away from Opdivo, Bristol-Myers said. The U.S.-based company's muted Opdivo outlook underscores why analysts predict Roche, when it announces full-year 2016 results on Feb. 1, will confirm Tecentriq sales have accelerated, particularly since its initial approval for bladder cancer in May was expanded in October to cover lung cancer. "Tecentriq continues to show strong launch trends in the fourth quarter 2016," wrote Jeffrey Holford, a Jefferies analyst. "We have been surprised on the upside by its launch." Life sciences consultancy IMS estimates Tecentriq's May-September sales for bladder cancer hit nearly $70 million, but that does not include lung cancer figures, the biggest cancer market. Roche declined to provide sales numbers, saying only "we can confirm that we have seen a good launch of Tecentriq". Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda work by helping the immune system recognize tumors that cloak themselves against detection. Roche and Bristol-Myers drugs are approved for use after other lung cancer treatments fail, while Keytruda has the FDA's blessing as an initial treatment and is now seeking the go-ahead for combination therapy with chemotherapy, which Merck contends puts it in the pole position in the I/O race. (Reporting by John Miller; editing by Jason Neely) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Eric Decker Shows Off Wife Jessie James' Insanely Fit Bikini Body on Mexican Vacation -- See the Pics! 93 messages10%70%20% New Trump Coin Breaks Every Sales Record DonaldCoins.comSponsored A Look Back at TV Icon Mary Tyler Moore's Legacy Jerry Seinfeld Slammed for ‘Black’s Life Matters’ Tweet 6159 messages7%62%31% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1026 messages5%57%38% Harness the full power of the internet with Fios Verizon FiosSponsored 'Sister Wives' Daughter on Coming Out as Gay to Her Family Mischa Barton Out of Hospital, Says She Was Drugged While Drinking: ‘This Is a Lesson to All Young Women’ 497 messages4%73%23% $2 Billion of Retail Fraud Could Be Ruining Nordstrom’s Legendary Return Policy 17 messages0%58%42% Megyn Kelly Confirms Rumors NoozleySponsored Should You Be Worried About The 'Death Asteroid' Headed Towards Earth? 165 messages3%70%27% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 961 messages9%17%74% At Anti-Abortion Rally in D.C., Feelings of Triumph 1 messages0%0%100% How to keep more of your 1099-MISC money TurboTax Self-EmployedSponsored Police Are Warning Against This Scary New Phone Scam 189 messages5%81%14% Kellyanne Conway Throws Shade at Women Who Wear Black Stretch Pants 7443 messages7%60%33% AP FACT CHECK: Trump wrong that 2 killed during Obama speech Randian: Why does he lie so much?? This is our President? We elected a clown! LOL!!! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 486 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Health Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. Posted 27 Jan 2017 19:15 The office tower of the headquarters of Swiss drugmaker Roche is seen in Basel, Switzerland, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann Enlarge Caption  Email More A A ZURICH: Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. On Thursday, Bristol-Myers managers said Tecentriq is grabbing market share from its I/O drug Opdivo for second-line non-small-cell lung cancer, one factor that forced them to cut their 2017 earnings forecast. "Most of our erosion in second line has been attributable to" Tecentriq, Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers's chief commercial officer, told analysts. "We gave up about 10 points of market share." Merck's Keytruda drug is also taking patients away from Opdivo, Bristol-Myers said. The U.S.-based company's muted Opdivo outlook underscores why analysts predict Roche, when it announces full-year 2016 results on Feb. 1, will confirm Tecentriq sales have accelerated, particularly since its initial approval for bladder cancer in May was expanded in October to cover lung cancer. "Tecentriq continues to show strong launch trends in the fourth quarter 2016," wrote Jeffrey Holford, a Jefferies analyst. "We have been surprised on the upside by its launch." Life sciences consultancy IMS estimates Tecentriq's May-September sales for bladder cancer hit nearly US$70 million, but that does not include lung cancer figures, the biggest cancer market. Roche declined to provide sales numbers, saying only "we can confirm that we have seen a good launch of Tecentriq". Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda work by helping the immune system recognize tumors that cloak themselves against detection. Roche and Bristol-Myers drugs are approved for use after other lung cancer treatments fail, while Keytruda has the FDA's blessing as an initial treatment and is now seeking the go-ahead for combination therapy with chemotherapy, which Merck contends puts it in the pole position in the I/O race. (Reporting by John Miller; editing by Jason Neely) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 33° Mostly cloudy High: 40° | Low: 29° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted January 26 Updated January 26 increase font size Court rules Newport mother can’t win damages for failed birth control procedure A clinic failed to implant a temporary birth control device, but the state's highest court rules Kayla Doherty's claim falls short of standards set out in state law. By Colin EllisMorning Sentinel Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-861-9253 Share Comment Read Article The Maine Supreme Judicial Court ruled Thursday that a Newport woman who gave birth after a health center failed to install a temporary birth control device may not recover damages from an Albion health center or the device’s manufacturer. Kayla Doherty gave birth to a healthy boy in June 2014, when she was 21. But she had visited a federally supported health care center in February 2012 to have an implantable birth control drug manufactured by Merck inserted into her arm. The device is designed to be effective for at least three years by inhibiting ovulation. Upon learning she was pregnant, she was examined and told the device had never been implanted. She gave birth in June 2014. Doherty filed suit against Merck on claims of “strict product liability, breach of warranty, negligence, and negligent misrepresentation”; and against the United States for negligence of the physician. She sought $250,000 in damages. Both Merck and the government moved to dismiss the complaints on the grounds that a healthy child is not a legally recognized injury, and that Doherty’s failed procedure did not meet the legal standard for a failed sterilization procedure that would allow her to claim damages under the state’s wrongful-birth statute. The statute says, in part, that it is contrary to public policy to award damages for the birth or rearing of a healthy child. It says a person may claim relief if a failed sterilization procedure – a medical or surgical procedure that alters the body “for the purpose of permanently ending the possibility of procreation” – results in the birth of a healthy child, with damages awarded for medical expenses and loss of earnings. The court said Doherty’s claim did not meet the standards of the statute, in part because temporary birth-control implants such as the one Doherty believed had been inserted into her arm are not legally recognized as sterilization procedures. Colin Ellis can be contacted at 861-9253 or at: [email protected] Twitter: @colinoellis Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Recent Read Shared Friday's girls' roundup: Gray-NG defeats York in basketball Friday's college roundup: USM tops UMass-Boston in men's hockey Friday's boys' roundup: Thornton earns victory over Gorham in basketball John Hurt, British actor who played desperate, eccentric characters, dies at 77 Boys' basketball: Yarmouth upends Cape Elizabeth Sen. Angus King to vote against Betsy DeVos as education secretary Federal agency makes it clear: Even legal marijuana users can't buy guns Police consider charging Portland man who crashed into Downeaster train with 2 kids in car Police identify couple found dead in Standish home Nor'easter disrupts Maine with a 'messy, mixed bag' of winter weather An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 28° Cloudy High: 35° | Low: 24° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Politics Local & State Politics More in Politics Politics Capitol Ticker Blog Sports More in Sports High School Sports Red Sox Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins College Portland Pirates Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community More in Community Celebrations Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Lifestyle Source Source Awards Books Things to Do Sudoku Crossword MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted January 26 Updated January 26 increase font size Maine high court rules Newport woman can’t claim damages over ‘wrongful’ birth Kayla Doherty sued a drug manufacturer and the U.S. government after a failed procedure to insert a birth control device resulted in Doherty becoming pregnant and giving birth to a healthy baby. By Colin EllisStaff Writer Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-861-9253 Share Comment Read Article The Maine Supreme Judicial Court ruled Thursday that an Newport woman may not recover damages from an Albion health center or drug manufacturer after she gave birth following a procedure in which she was told a birth control instrument was inserted into her arm. Kayla Doherty gave birth to a healthy boy in June 2014, when she was 21. However, on Jan. 26, 2012, Doherty said, she went to a federally supported health care center in Albion to look into birth control options. According to the decision filed by the high court, Doherty saw a physician who recommended an implantable drug manufactured by Merck, which consists of a 4-centimeter-long rod that is inserted into a patient’s arm. The drug is designed to be effective for at least three years and inhibits ovulation. Doherty went through the procedure on Feb. 28, 2012, but later learned the device never was actually installed. She believed she could not get pregnant, but a pregnancy test at the health care center in October 2013 revealed she was in fact pregnant. An examination and subsequent ultrasound couldn’t locate the device in either of Doherty’s arms, and she was told by a nurse it was never inserted. She gave birth in June 2014. Doherty filed a lawsuit again Merck on theories of “strict product liability, breach of warranty, negligence, and negligent misrepresentation”; and against the United States for negligence of the physician and the physician’s failure to obtain her informed consent. She sought $250,000 in damages. The complaint also asked the federal court to declare the “wrongful birth” statute unconstitutional. Both Merck and the government moved to dismiss the complaints on the grounds that a healthy child is not a legally recognized injury for which Doherty could recover damages, and that Doherty did not undergo a failed sterilization procedure that would allow Doherty to claim damages under the state’s wrongful-birth statute. The statute says, in part, that it is contrary to public policy to award damages for the birth or rearing of a healthy child. It says a person may claim relief if a failed sterilization procedure results in the birth of a healthy child, and the individual may receive damages for medical expenses and loss of earnings. The court said Doherty’s claim was barred by the statute. The court was asked to answer three questions to determine whether Doherty could claim damages under the wrongful-birth statute, and by answering those questions the court determined Doherty could not recover damages from either defendant. The court concluded that a sterilization procedure was a medical or surgical procedure that alters the body “for the purpose of permanently ending the possibility of procreation.” The court went on to say sterilization procedures do not include temporary pharmaceutical intervention such as the implant Doherty believed had been inserted into her arm. Colin Ellis — 861-9253 [email protected] Twitter: @colinoellis Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Recent Read Shared Augusta, Waterville area bridge, cribbage results North has stain of slavery too Ending circus only first step for Ringling Eviction a black mark on Albion Don Roberts: Sore losers are trying to delegitimize President Trump Two arrested after Waterville drug deal gone bad leads to wounds Palmyra man charged with possessing child pornography Madison man arrested on heroin charges after drug raid Teenager charged with setting fire to Cornville barn Winslow school bus veers off road into ditch Breastfeeding pilots' claims against airline seen as progress NTSB says truck damaged track before Amtrak train derailed in Kansas These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps N.C. judge scolds woman for breast-feeding in court More mouths than ever to feed at Skowhegan Community Food Cupboard Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Bristol-Myers cuts 2017 outlook amid Opdivo competition By Reuters Published: 15:22 EST, 26 January 2017 | Updated: 15:22 EST, 26 January 2017 e-mail By Deena Beasley Jan 26 (Reuters) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co on Thursday posted a fourth-quarter profit that fell short of Wall Street estimates and lowered its 2017 earnings forecast, citing tempered expectations for its key Opdivo immuno-oncology drug. For full-year 2017, the U.S. drugmaker cut its adjusted earnings per share outlook by 15 cents, to between $2.70 and $2.90. Wall Street analysts, on average, had projected $2.96 a share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Foreign exchange rates and the potential for earlier-than-expected lung cancer competition from Merck & Co Inc were the main reasons for the lowered outlook for 2017, Chief Financial Officer Charles Bancroft said on a conference call with investors. Shares of Bristol-Myers, down 15 percent so far this year, fell 5.6 percent to $46.75 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. "For the first time in five years you might walk away thinking (Bristol-Myers) is not as confident as they were," Guggenheim analyst Tony Butler told Reuters. "Is Bristol questioning their own strategy? That's what the stock is telling you." Excluding special items, Bristol-Myers said it earned 63 cents a share in the fourth quarter, short of the average analyst estimate of 67 cents a share. Revenue rose 22 percent to $5.2 billion. Bristol-Myers said it expects full-year 2017 worldwide revenue to increase by a rate in the low single digits. Fourth-quarter sales of Opdivo, which works by taking the brakes off the immune system, soared to $1.3 billion from $475 million a year earlier. Approved in late 2014 to treat melanoma, Opdivo later won approvals to treat lung and kidney cancer and is being tested against a wide array of other types of cancer. New competition late last year from the launch of Roche Holding AG's immunotherapy Tecentriq cut Opdivo's share of the U.S. second-line lung cancer market to about 40 percent. Bristol-Myers projected flat U.S. Opdivo sales this year. Competitor Merck earlier this month said it had filed for speedy U.S. approval of its Opdivo rival, Keytruda, in combination with chemotherapy, as an initial lung cancer treatment, and received a May 10 regulatory decision date. Bristol-Myers, citing available trial data, said last week it would not seek accelerated approval of its own combination of immunotherapy drugs Opdivo and Yervoy in first-line lung cancer. Lung cancer is by far the biggest oncology market and a handful of companies have been battling to dominate as an initial, or first-line, treatment, and to provide much-needed combination therapies. Bristol said it still expects full-year 2017 net earnings of $2.47 to $2.67 per share due to a recent patent settlement that includes a payment of $625 million from Merck. Fourth-quarter 2016 net income rose to $894 million, or 53 cents per share, from a year-earlier loss of $197 million, or 12 cents a share. (Reporting by Deena Beasley; Additional reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Bernard Orr and Leslie Adler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Merck's Keytruda Gains Momentum At The Expense Of Bristol-Myers Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 26, 2017 10:33am   Comments Share: Related BMY Bristol-Myers Squibb Hits Lowest Level In 2 Years After Mixed Q4 Report In Lockstep: Dow 20,000 Significance Magnified By Record Highs For SPX Biotech Forum Daily Digest: Merger And Acquisition Activity Continues To Pick Up, Spotlight On Nabriva Therapeutics (Seeking Alpha) Related MRK Dow 10K's Hottest Stocks: Where Are They Now? Which Pharma Players Dominate The Lung Cancer Space? Biotech Forum Daily Digest: Merger And Acquisition Activity Continues To Pick Up, Spotlight On Nabriva Therapeutics (Seeking Alpha) Analyzing the monthly immuno-oncology sales data, Leerink said Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK)'s Keytruda is picking up speed, but Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY)'s Opdivo is flattish. Immuno-Oncology Market On Strong Wicket Analyst Richard Goss noted that Symphony Health sales showed that overall U.S. immuno-oncology sales rose 5 percent month-over-month in December, which he termed as a good performance. Merck's Keytruda and Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) (OTC: RHHBY)'s Tecentriq drove the growth, with 14 percent and 13 percent growth, respectively, the analyst added. According to the analyst, these two drugs are continuing to gain share at the expense of Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo, which saw an anemic 2 percent growth in December. Keytruda To Dominate Next 2–3 Years For the fourth quarter, Leerink noted that Symphony's sales estimate for Opdivo is $741 million compared to Keytruda's $267 million. The firm believes the acceleration into December bodes well for Keytruda. Consequently, Leerink expects Keytruda to dominate this setting at least during the next two to three years on the back of Merck's successful development and filing strategies. Opdivo Has More Aces Up Its Sleeve Following Keytruda and Tecentriq's recently approved non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLS, indications, Leerink noted that both continue to gain share. However, the analyst believes Opdivo's newer indications , such as renal cell carcinoma, Hodgkin's lymphoma, head and neck cancer, and likely bladder cancer would offset some of the trend. Additional Opdivo Opportunities Factored In Consensus Estimate Additionally, Leerink thinks OUS Opdivo sales not captured by the Symphony data would be strong, helping Bristol-Myers Squibb in the fourth quarter and throughout 2017. The firm also pointed to the management's statement that it would recognize deferred revenues from France in the fourth quarter of 2016 and that the uptake in Germany and France has been as swift as in the United States. Though the firm expects additional revenues for the company in the fourth quarter, it feels the possibility is already incorporated in the consensus Opdivo sales estimates. At Time Of Writing Bristol-Myers Squibb was losing 1.55 percent to $48.78. Merck was slipping 0.34 percent to $60.87. Roche ADR was adding 0.99 percent to $29.70. Image Credit: By Montgomery County Planning Commission (Flickr) [CC BY-SA 2.0], via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for BMY Date Firm Action From To Dec 2016 Jefferies Upgrades Hold Buy Oct 2016 Hilliard Lyons Upgrades Neutral Long-Term Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for BMY View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech Earnings News Health Care Analyst Ratings Movers Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Bristol-Myers Squibb Hits Lowest Level In 2 Years After Mixed Q4 Report In Lockstep: Dow 20,000 Significance Magnified By Record Highs For SPX The Market In 5 Minutes: Earnings, Trump And Dow20k 15 Stocks To Watch For January 26, 2017 Earnings Scheduled For January 26, 2017 Dow 10K's Hottest Stocks: Where Are They Now? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BMY Trending Recent 1 TER, NOW: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 MYL, UNH: Could Pharmacy Benefit Managers Be Trump's Next Target? 3 DRYS: Why Is DryShips Allowed To Keep Reverse Splitting? 4 TKPYY, SGYP: Takeda's Speculative Interest In Synergy Soo... 5 MSFT, COG: The Sectors Hedge Funds Are Most Bullish... 6 SBUX, WDC: 15 Stocks To Watch For January... 7 UEC, URA: The Potential 'Rip... 1 INTC, MSFT: 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday 2 INTC: Technical Alert: Intel At Highest Level Since January 2001 After... 3 SBUX: Technical Alert: Starbucks Lower After Mixed Q4 Report 4 MSFT: Pieces To The Microsoft Puzzle Begin To Fall Into Place As... 5 GLD: Technical Alert: Gold Futures Lower For Third Day In A Row 6 PYPL: Look For PayPal's Growth Momentum To Continue... 7 USO: Technical Alert: Crude Oil Rally Stalls At Thurs... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products In Lockstep: Dow 20,000 Significance Magnified By Record Highs For SPX You Got To Know When To Accumulate 'Em: Las Vegas Sands Weakness Won't Last Long
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A CEO Who's Who Of Trump's Manufacturing Council Dustin Blitchok , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 27, 2017 4:36pm   Comments Share: A group of more than two dozen CEOs have been tapped by President Donald Trump to create recommendations to grow the American manufacturing sector. The group convenes at a time when Trump is pledging to cut corporate taxes, slash regulations and also heavily tax companies that outsource manufacturing jobs. Who are the C-suite occupants selected by the new president? Let’s take a look. Andrew Liveris Andrew Liveris has led Midland, Michigan-based Dow Chemical Co (NYSE: DOW) for more than a decade and worked at the company for 40 years. Before chairing Trump’s manufacturing council, Liveris served as co-chair of former President Barack Obama’s Advanced Manufacturing Partnership steering committee and as a member of the U.S. President’s Export Council, according to Dow. Bill Brown Bill Brown, who oversees 21,000 employees at Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS), was appointed president and CEO in November 2014, according to the company. He previously held senior leadership roles at United Technologies Corporation (NYSE: UTX). Notably, Brown once worked at UTC subsidiary Carrier Corporation — which was targeted by Trump late last year for its plans to move manufacturing jobs from Indiana to Mexico. Michael Dell Michael Dell founded the business bearing his name, Dell Technologies Inc (NYSE: DVMT), in 1984 with $1,000, according to the company. He was 19. The IT giant now has more than 140,000 employees and $74 billion in revenue. John Ferriola John Ferriola first joined Nucor Corporation (NYSE: NUE) in 1991 and served in a variety of roles at the steel company before being appointed CEO in January 2013 and as chairman of the board of directors in January 2014. Jeff Fettig Jeff Fettig has worked at Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE: WHR) since 1981 and as CEO since July 2004, according to the company. A Tipton, Indiana native, Fettig serves as lead director on Dow Chemical’s board, as a well as serving on the board of the Kohler Co. Mark Fields Mark Fields was appointed to the CEO post at Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) in July 2014 and has overseen the Dearborn automaker’s fastest global manufacturing expansion in 50 years, according to the company. Ken Frazier Ken Frazier, an attorney who holds a J.D. from Harvard, went to work at Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) in 1992 and was promoted through the company’s ranks before becoming CEO in 2011. Alex Gorsky Alex Gorsky has, with the exception of a four-year detour to Novartis AG (ADR) (NYSE: NVS) beginning in 2004, worked for Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) since 1988. He’s a “longtime advocate of diversity and inclusion,” according to the consumer, medical and pharma company. Greg Hayes Greg Hayes became CEO at United Technologies Corporation (NYSE: UTX) in November 2014. In a previous role as chief financial officer and senior vice president, Hayes was key in reshaping the company’s portfolio to focus on its core aerospace and building systems businesses, according to the company. Marillyn Hewson Marillyn Hewson served as president, chief operating officer and executive vice president at Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) before being named CEO. She has been with the aerospace and defense contractor for more than 30 years. Jeff Immelt Jeff Immelt, the CEO of General Electric Company (NYSE: GE), has been asked to serve by presidents before — he was chairman of Obama’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness. He went to work at after graduating from Harvard in 1982 and was named to GE’s top job in 2001, making him the ninth person to have held the position. Jim Kamsickas Jim Kamsickas was appointed CEO of Dana Inc (NYSE: DAN) in August 2015 after prior stints at International Automotive Components and Lear Corporation (NYSE: LEA). He serves on the board for the Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation. Klaus Kleinfeld Klaus Kleinfeld, the CEO of Arconic Inc (NYSE: ARNC), was CEO at Alcoa Corp (NYSE: AA) from 2008 until November, when he led the split of Alcoa into two companies. Prior to his career at Alcoa and Arconic, Kleinfeld worked at Siemens AG (ADR) (OTC: SIEGY) for 20 years, finishing as CEO before leaving the German electronics company. Brian Krzanich Brian Krzanich, the leader of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC), started work there in 1982 as a process engineer and ascended through the ranks, serving as COO before being promoted to CEO in May 2013. Richard Kyle Richard Kyle was named CEO at bearings manufacturer Timken Co (NYSE: TKR) in 2014 after serving as a COO and, previous to that, president of the company’s aerospace and mobile industry segments. Thea Lee Thea Lee, a former economist, serves as deputy chief of staff at the AFL-CIO. Mario Longhi Mario Longhi is leading United States Steel Corporation (NYSE: X) through a transformation plan titled “The Carnegie Way,” according to the company, to “return U.S. Steel to sustainable profitability.” He’s considered a leading voice in the steel industry on global trade, the company said. Longhi joined the steelmaker in 2012. Denise Morrison Denise Morrison has led Campbell Soup Company (NYSE: CPB) since August 2011 and has worked in the food business for more than 30 years, including at Kraft Heinz Co (NASDAQ: KHC), Nabisco, Nestle SA (ADR) (OTC: NSRGY) and PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE: PEP). Dennis Muilenburg Dennis Muilenburg was named CEO of Boeing Co (NYSE: BA), the world’s largest aerospace company, in March 2016. While serving as Boeing’s COO, Muilenberg worked on aerospace business operations and global relationships, leadership initiatives and development program performance, according to his company biography. Elon Musk Elon Musk, the co-founder of Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA), oversees the electric car manufacturer’s product strategy, which includes the production of “more affordable electric vehicles for mainstream consumers,” according to his company biography. Before Tesla, Musk founded the internet companies Zip2 and Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: PYPL). Doug Oberhelman Doug Oberhelman retired as CEO of Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) on December 31 after a 41-year career at the manufacturer. Oberhelman will continue as Caterpillar’s executive chairman of the board until March 31, 2017, according to the company. Scott Paul Scott Paul is president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, a partnership of American manufacturers and the United Steelworkers that was formed in 2007. Kevin Plank Kevin Plank launched Under Armour Inc (NYSE: UA) (NYSE: UAA) from his grandmother’s basement with a T-shirt prototype and grew it into a multi-billion dollar brand, according to his company bio. Michael Polk Michael Polk, the CEO of Newell Brands Inc (NYSE: NWL), leads a consumer goods company that generates more than $16 billion in sales annually. Newell Brands was formed last year with the merger of Newell Rubbermaid and Jarden Corporation. A former Unilever plc (ADR) (NYSE: UL) and Kraft executive, Polk was named as Newell’s CEO in July 2011, according to the company. Mark Sutton Mark Sutton has spent his career at International Paper Co (NYSE: IP) and became CEO in November 2014, according to the company. Sutton serves on the Business Council and Business Roundtable, and is also the appointed chairman of the U.S. Russian Business Council and a member of the U.S.–Brazil CEO Forum. Inge Thulin Inge Thulin oversees a company with 90,000 employees and $30 billion in sales at 3M Co (NYSE: MMM). The R&D-intensive company has been named as one of the world’s most ethical companies, as well as one that millennials would most like to work for, under Thulin’s watch, according to his biography. Richard Trumka Richard Trumka was elected president of the 12.5-million-member AFL-CIO in 2009. He’s worked toward the goal of “adopting progressive, pro-worker laws and policies at every level to improve life for working families,” according to the union. Wendell Weeks Wendell Weeks has worked at Corning Incorporated (NYSE: GLW) since 1983, becoming CEO in 2005. Weeks is focused on new growth opportunities and the building of a “bigger, more balanced company,” according to his biography. Image Credit: By Doug Coulter, The White House (The White House on Facebook) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Alex Gorsky Andrew Liveris Barack Obama Brian KrzanichNews Politics Management General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AA + ARNC) 18 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 25, 2017 The Market In 5 Minutes: Big Earnings And A Major IPO Acquisition 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Alcoa Upgraded As Commodities Gain Momentum A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Surge Ahead Of Earnings View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on DOW Trending Recent 1 LUV, EBAY: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 SYNA, AAL: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 CCJ, UUUU: The Potential 'Rip Your Face Off' Uranium Rally 4 JBLU, GOOGL: 15 Stocks To Watch For January 26, 2017 5 SPY, FNMA: Pershing Square: A Reformed Fanni... 6 WATT, DLGNF: Exclusive: Energous CE... 7 WBA, RAD: To The Rescue:... 1 NTRPD: Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might Have The Biggest Drug Ever I... 2 WHR, GLW: A CEO Who's Who Of Trump's Manufacturing Council 3 Kevin O'Leary Highlights The U.S.-Canada Trade Relationship 4 USDA Cattle on Feed report 5 SBUX: A Decade Of Schultz: How Starbucks Has Fared Since He Retook Th... 6 OSIR, GOOGL: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Celestica Rises On Earn... 7 Want To Manage Your Portfolio Like A Hedge Fund? Wit... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might Have The Biggest Drug Ever In Biotech Kevin O'Leary Highlights The U.S.-Canada Trade Relationship
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:33pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Business events scheduled for the coming month 7:45 AM Saturday Jan 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Business events and economic reports scheduled for the coming month: All times are Eastern. WEDNESDAY, Feb. 1 WASHINGTON " Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. DETROIT " Automakers release vehicle sales for January. Altria Group Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Facebook Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. THURSDAY, Feb. 2 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. LONDON " Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON " Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO " Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI " RBI decision on interest rates. Continued below. Related Content Foreign students left in lurch Niki Bezzant: Does a bit of butter butter better? Your views: Readers' letters Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. FRIDAY, Feb. 3 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. LONDON " Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO " Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. MONDAY, Feb. 6 TOKYO " Toyota reports earnings. TUESDAY, Feb. 7 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases international trade data for December, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases job openings and labor turnover survey for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve releases consumer credit data for December, 3 p.m. LONDON " Oil giant BP reports fourth-quarter earnings. WEDNESDAY, Feb. 8 NEW DELHI " India is expected to release fourth-quarter GDP data. TOKYO " Softbank reports earnings. THURSDAY, Feb. 9 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases wholesale trade inventories for December, 10 a.m. TOKYO " Nissan reports third-quarter earnings. FRIDAY, Feb. 10 WASHINGTON " Treasury releases federal budget for January, 2 p.m. MONDAY, Feb. 13 TOKYO " Japan reports preliminary fourth-quarter GDP. TUESDAY, Feb. 14 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases the Producer Price Index for January, 8:30 a.m. BERLIN " Federal Statistical Office releases fourth-quarter growth figure for the German economy, Europe's biggest. WEDNESDAY, Feb. 15 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases retail sales data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases Consumer Price Index for January, 8:30 a.m.; Federal Reserve releases industrial production for January, 9:15 a.m.; Commerce Department releases business inventories for December, 10 a.m.; National Association of Home Builders releases housing market index for February, 10 a.m.; Treasury releases international money flows data for December, 4 p.m. THURSDAY, Feb. 16 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Commerce Department releases housing starts for January, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m.; MONDAY, Feb. 20 U.S. stock and bond markets are closed for Washington's Birthday. TUESDAY, Feb. 21 WEDNESDAY, Feb. 22 WASHINGTON " National Association of Realtors releases existing home sales for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve releases minutes from January interest-rate meeting. BERLIN " Germany's Ifo institute releases its monthly business confidence index, a key indicator for Europe's biggest economy. THURSDAY, Feb. 23 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. MADRID " Spanish energy company Repsol releases financial results for the fourth quarter. FRIDAY, Feb. 24 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases new home sales for January, 10 a.m. LONDON " Taxpayer-owned Royal Bank of Scotland announces fourth quarter earnings. MONDAY, Feb. 27 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases durable goods for January, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for January, 10 a.m. TUESDAY, Feb. 28 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases fourth-quarter gross domestic product, 8:30 a.m.; Standard & Poor's releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for December, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for February, 10 a.m. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Mount lead Eastern Region champs Mt Maunganui have pulled out to an early lead during the first day of competition at… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… Bite Lime cheesecake with gingernut and pistachio crumb This is a lovely low-fat treat. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 28 Jan 2017 22:33:30 Processing Time: 675ms
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Global Protein Therapeutics Market 2017-2021; New Report Launched 27 January 2017Military News Bangalore, Karnataka — (SBWIRE) — 01/27/2017 — Therapeutic proteins are used to effectively treat a wide array of diseases such as protein deficiency diseases; chronic diseases such as cancer, rheumatoid arthritis (RA), ankylosing spondylitis, diabetes; infections such as human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis A, hepatitis B, and hepatitis C; and other medical conditions such as genetic disorders, anemia cases related to kidney dialysis, and cancer-related anemia. Therapeutic proteins mostly consist of recombinant forms of naturally occurring proteins. Report forecast the global protein therapeutics market to grow at a CAGR of 7.86% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global protein therapeutics market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of branded and biosimilar drugs used for the treatment of various diseases. The report also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: – Americas – APAC – EMEA Global Protein Therapeutics Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors – AbbVie – Amgen – F. Hoffmann-La Roche – Johnson & Johnson – Merck – Novo Nordisk Other prominent vendors – Anhui Anke Biotechnology (Group) – AstraZeneca – Baxter International – Biocon – Biodel – BioGenomics – Biopartners – Boehringer Ingelheim – Bristol-Myers Squibb – Celltrion – Chugai Pharmaceutical – Diamyd Medical – Diasome Pharmaceuticals – DiaVacs – Dynavax Technologies – Eli Lilly – Ferring Pharmaceuticals – Generex Biotechnology – GeneScience Pharmaceuticals – Hualan Biological Engineering – Intas Pharmaceuticals – Ipsen – JCR Pharmaceuticals – Kyowa Hakko Kirin – Lexicon Pharmaceuticals – LG Life Sciences – MacroGenics – MannKind – Oramed Pharmaceuticals – Osiris Therapeutics – Pfizer – Sandoz International – Sanofi – Teva Pharmaceutical Industries – Thermalin Diabetes – Tolerion – Wockhardt – XOMA Market driver – Increased demand for mAbs – For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge – Complexities in manufacturing, storage conditions, distribution policies, and high cost – For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend – Emergence of next-generation biologics – For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report – What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? – What are the key market trends? – What is driving this market? – What are the challenges to market growth? – Who are the key vendors in this market space? – What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? – What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Spanning over 128 pages “Global Protein Therapeutics Market 2017-2021” report covers Executive summary, Scope of the report, Market research methodology, Introduction, Market landscape, Market segmentation by product type, Market segmentation by therapy area, Market segmentation by protein function, Geographical segmentation, Market drivers, Impact of drivers, Market challenges, Impact of drivers and challenges, Market trends, Vendor landscape, Key vendor analysis, Appendix. For more information Visit at: http://www.drugpipeline.net/technavio/global-protein-therapeutics-market-2017-2021 About DrugPipeline.net DrugPipeline.net is a market research reports distribution platform which hosts research reports from all leading global market research firms related to pharma industry. It also assist decision makers locate the right market research solution from a single place. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Uncategorized Post navigation Behind the Headlines with MJ Pedone Ben Bradley Joins WGN Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska 5EU $1.53 Billion Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Drug Forecast and Market Analysis 2016-2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Jan 27, 2017, 12:10 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Jan 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) - 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025" report to their offering. Lung cancer is currently is the most common cause of death from cancer worldwide. Of total lung cancer incident cases, approximately 85% are the non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) subtype. NSCLC patients are usually diagnosed in the later stages of the disease, with poor prognosis. Historically, treatment options for advanced-stage NSCLC patients have been dominated by chemotherapy. However, the launch of targeted therapies such as Iressa (gefitinib) in 2003, Tarceva (erlotinib) in 2004, and Xalkori (crizotinib) in 2011, has shifted the treatment landscape towards personalized medicine. In 2015, the NSCLC market in the 5EU was an estimated $1.53B. This growth is fueled by the increasing use of immunotherapies across histologies and lines of therapy in NSCLC. Particularly, the use of PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors in first-line therapy of NSCLC is expected to take away significant sales from conventional chemotherapies that are typically used in the first line. Merck & Co.'s Keytruda is the current front-runner in the first-line setting, as it's already approved as a monotherapy for =50% PD-L1+ patients, and is showing benefit in combination with chemotherapy regardless of PD-L1 expression. Scope - Overview of NSCLC including epidemiology, etiology, symptoms, diagnosis, pathology and treatment guidelines as well as an overview on the competitive landscape. - Detailed information on the key drugs in 5EU including product description, safety and efficacy profiles as well as a SWOT analysis. - Sales forecast for the top drugs in 5EU from 2015-2025. - Analysis of the impact of key events as well the drivers and restraints affecting 5EU NSCLC market. Key Topics Covered: 1 Tables & Figures 2 Introduction  3 Disease Overview 3.1 Etiology and Pathophysiology 3.1.1 Etiology 3.1.2 Pathophysiology 3.2 Classification or Staging Systems 3.3 Symptoms 3.4 Prognosis 3.5 Quality of Life 4 Disease Management 4.1 Diagnosis and Treatment Overview 4.1.1 Diagnosis 4.1.2 Treatment Guidelines and Leading Prescribed Drugs 4.1.3 Clinical Practice 5 Competitive Assessment 5.1 Overview 5.2 Product Profiles - Major Brands, Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor-Targeting 5.2.1 Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors 5.2.2 Tarceva (erlotinib hydrochloride) 5.2.3 Iressa (gefitinib) 5.2.4 Gilotrif (afatinib) 5.2.5 Tagrisso (osimertinib) 5.2.6 Portrazza (necitumumab) 5.2.7 Conmana (icotinib) 5.3 Product Profiles - Major Brands, Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase-Targeting 5.3.1 Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors 5.3.2 Xalkori (crizotinib) 5.3.3 Zykadia (ceritinib) 5.3.4 Alecensa (alectinib) 5.4 Product Profiles - Major Brands, Monoclonal Antibodies 5.4.1 Programmed Cell Death Protein 1/Programmed Death Ligand 1 Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors 5.4.2 Opdivo (nivolumab) 5.4.3 Keytruda (pembrolizumab) 5.4.4 Tecentriq (atezolizumab) 5.5 Product Profiles - Major Brands, Other 5.5.1 Avastin (bevacizumab) 5.5.2 Cyramza (ramucirumab) 5.5.3 Vargatef/Ofev (nintedanib) 5.6 Chemotherapies 6 Unmet Needs Assessment and Opportunity Analysis 6.1 Overview 6.2 First-Line Treatments That Extend Overall Survival in Advanced-Stage Nonsquamous NSCLC Without Actionable Mutations 6.3 Therapies Targeting Novel Biomarkers 6.4 Treatment Options for Squamous Patients in the First-Line and Third-Line Setting 6.5 Alternative Testing Options for Patients with Insufficient Biopsy Material 6.6 Treatments for Patients with Acquired Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Resistance 7Pipeline Assessment 7.1 Overview 7.2 Promising Drugs in Clinical Development 7.2.1 Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors 7.2.2 Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors 7.2.3 Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors 7.2.4 Therapeutic Cancer Vaccines 7.2.5 Anti-angiogenic Therapies 7.2.6 Avastin (bevacizumab) Biosimilars 7.2.7 KRAS Inhibitors 7.2.8 Tafinlar (dabrafenib) + Mekinist (trametinib) 7.2.9 Veliparib (ABT-888) 7.2.10 Seribantumab (MM-121) 7.2.11 IMMU-132 (sacituzumab govitecan) 7.2.12 Plinabulin (NPI-2358) 7.3 Promising Drugs in Early-Stage Development 7.3.1 Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors 7.3.2 Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase Inhibitors 7.3.3 Neurotropic Tropomyosin-Related Kinase Inhibitors 7.3.4 MET inhibitors 7.3.5 Rearranged During Transfection Inhibitors 7.3.6 Human Epidermal Growth Factor 2 Inhibitors 7.3.7 PI3K Pathway Inhibitors 8 Market Outlook 9 Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/fcf93z/nonsmall_cell Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/5eu-153-billion-non-small-cell-lung-cancer-nsclc-drug-forecast-and-market-analysis-2016-2025---research-and-markets-300398065.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Jan 27, 2017, 12:10 ET Preview: Global Flight Simulator Market Analysis & Trends - Industry Forecast to 2025 - Research and Markets Jan 27, 2017, 12:10 ET Preview: $5.80 Billion Vertical Farming Market by Growth Mechanism, Structure, Offering, Crop Type & Geography - Global Forecast & Analysis to 2022 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 27, 2017, 15:10 ETPeople Counting System Market - Global Forecast & Analysis to... Jan 27, 2017, 15:10 ETCombat System Integration Market by Application, Platform &... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: 5EU $1.53 Billion Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Drug Forecast and Market Analysis 2016-2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Jan 27, 2017, 12:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Christian Datoc Reporter 10:15 AM 01/27/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5447165 President Donald Trump announced the creation of a Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Friday morning. Donald Trump (Getty Images) An accompanying statement from the White House detailed a series of meetings — organized by Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris — in which Trump will “seek information and perspectives from a diverse range of business leaders… on how best to promote job growth and get Americans back to work again.” The initial list of business leaders assisting with the initiative include Liveris, Harris Corporation’s Bill Brown, Dell’s Michael Dell, Nucor’s John Ferriola, Whirlpool’s Jeff Fettig, Ford’s Mark Fields, Ken Frazier of Merck & Co., Alex Gorsky of Johnson & Johnson, Greg Hayes of United Technologies Corp., Lockheed Martin CEO Marilynn Hewson, GE’s Jeff Immelt, Jim Kamsickas of Dana Inc, Arconic CEO Klaus Kleinfeld, Intel’s Brian Krzanich, Rich Kyle of The Timken company, AFL-CIO’s Thea Lee and Richard Tumka, U.S. Steel CEP Mario Longhi, the Campbell Soup Company’s Denise Morrison, Boeing president Dennis Muilenburg, Elon Musk, Caterpillar’s Doug Oberhelman, Scott Paul from the Alliance for American Manufacturing, Under Armour founder Kevin Plank, Michael Polk of Newell Brands, Mark Sutton of International Paper, 3M’s Inge Thulin and Corning CEO Wendell Weeks. Donald Trump (Getty Images) The announcement  marks the second group of recurring meetings Trump will take with American business leaders. Earlier in the week, he announced quarterly meetings he will hold with a group of American CEOs, many of whom are assisting with the jobs initiative. (RELATED: These Are The CEOs Trump Will Meet With Every Quarter) WATCH: Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook Tags: Donald Trump, Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Illumina Names Caroline Dorsa to Its Board of Directors, Adding Over 30 Years of Leadership Experience in the Healthcare, Telecommunications and Energy Industries Caroline Dorsa (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Caroline Dorsa (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail January 27, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ: ILMN) announced today that Caroline Dorsa has joined the company’s Board of Directors. Given her financial expertise, Ms. Dorsa will also participate on the Audit Committee of the Board. Ms. Dorsa has held a number of senior management positions at Merck & Co., Inc., including Senior Vice President of Marketing Strategy and Integration, and Vice President and Treasurer, where she also oversaw investor relations, financial planning for manufacturing and tax. Most recently, as Executive Vice President and CFO at Public Service Enterprise Group, Ms. Dorsa led the finance, business development, and investor relations teams. She is a Director of Biogen Inc. and Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., and a trustee of the Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund and the Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renaissance Fund. “Caroline brings a great breadth of knowledge and experience as a director on major boards and a senior executive at large companies,” said Francis deSouza, Illumina President and Chief Executive Officer. “Her deep understanding of the clinical space will enable Caroline to make a significant contribution to Illumina as we continue to pursue growth in our clinical markets.” In addition to her service at Merck & Co., Inc. and at Public Service Enterprise Group, Ms. Dorsa served as Senior Vice President and CFO of Avaya, Inc. She received her B.A. from Colgate University and her M.B.A. from Columbia University. About Illumina Illumina is improving human health by unlocking the power of the genome. Our focus on innovation has established us as the global leader in DNA sequencing and array-based technologies, serving customers in the research, clinical and applied markets. Our products are used for applications in the life sciences, oncology, reproductive health, agriculture, and other emerging segments. To learn more, visit www.illumina.com and follow @illumina. Contacts Illumina, Inc. Investors: Rebecca Chambers 858-255-5243 IR@illumina.com or Media: Eric Endicott 858-882-6822 pr@illumina.com Contacts Illumina, Inc. Investors: Rebecca Chambers 858-255-5243 IR@illumina.com or Media: Eric Endicott 858-882-6822 pr@illumina.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu HealthCare Royalty Partners Announces New Chief Medical Officer, Senior-Level Promotions, and Further Regional Expansion 27 January 2017Military News STAMFORD, Conn. & SAN FRANCISCO & BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–HealthCare Royalty Partners („HCR”) today announced several firm developments: New Chief Medical Officer: As of January 2017, Dr. Warren Cooper has assumed the role of Managing Director and Chief Medical Officer at HCR. Dr. Cooper initially joined the team in 2016, consulting as an Industry Advisor. Dr. Cooper is a UK-trained physician with over 35 years of experience in the global pharmaceutical industry. HCR’s senior professionals have known Dr. Cooper for over a decade, working closely with him when he served as CEO of Prism Pharmaceuticals (“Prism”), a portfolio company at their prior firm. Prism was a specialty pharmaceutical company that developed the antiarrhythmic agent NEXTERONE, and was ultimately acquired by Baxter International in 2011 for $338 million. Prior to serving as CEO of Prism, Dr. Cooper spent 12 years with Merck, initially as a UK clinical research physician, then as head of European and subsequently Worldwide Clinical Research Operations. Dr. Cooper also previously led AstraMerck’s (now AstraZeneca PLC) cardiovascular division. HCR looks forward to drawing on Dr. Cooper’s tremendous clinical, regulatory and operational experience as it evaluates new investment opportunities. Investment Professional Promotions: HCR has promoted John Urquhart to a Principal of the firm. Mr. Urquhart was among the first employees at HCR, joining the firm as an analyst in 2007 and re-joining in 2012 after receiving his M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Urquhart has over a decade of healthcare investing experience in the royalty and structured finance market. HCR has also promoted Anthony Rapsomanikis to Vice President. Mr. Rapsomanikis joined HCR as an Associate in 2012, and was promoted to Director of West Coast Business Development after establishing the firm’s San Francisco office in 2015. The San Francisco office launched HCR’s strategic initiative to regionalize its business development efforts and better serve the needs of counterparties in key geographic areas. “John and Tony’s promotions are well deserved and serve as recognition of their growth and contributions to the firm over the past several years,” commented Clarke Futch, co-founder and Chairman of the Investment Committee at HCR. Regional Office Expansion: HCR is pleased to announce its plans to open a Boston, MA office in the first half of 2017, which will be led by John Urquhart. Mr. Urquhart will work closely with Clarke Futch, Paul Hadden (Managing Director – Business Development) and the rest of the senior investment team, most of whom will continue to be based in the firm’s headquarters in Stamford, CT. Paul Hadden commented, “The opening of our Boston office follows the success of HCR’s San Francisco office opening in 2015 and furthers our goal of strengthening local coverage and relationships in the key life science and R&D centers. Recent data shows that Boston and the San Francisco / Bay Area each garnered about one-third of all biotech venture capital investment in 2016 and it is important for us to continue to focus on these markets.” About HealthCare Royalty Partners HCR is a private investment firm that purchases royalties and uses debt-like structures to invest in commercial or near-commercial stage life science assets. HCR has $3.4 billion in cumulative capital commitments and is headquartered in Stamford, CT. Over the past decade, HCR’s senior professionals have completed more than 60 healthcare investments. For more information, visit www.healthcareroyalty.com. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged company division headquarters officer private Uncategorized Post navigation Sierra Monitor’s FieldPoP™ Device Cloud IIoT-Empowers Modern Workspaces Vitacost.com Launches “Shop by Specialty” Store Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Fri Jan 27, 2017 | 6:10am EST Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo The office tower of the headquarters of Swiss drugmaker Roche is seen in Basel, Switzerland, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann ZURICH Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. On Thursday, Bristol-Myers managers said Tecentriq is grabbing market share from its I/O drug Opdivo for second-line non-small-cell lung cancer, one factor that forced them to cut their 2017 earnings forecast. "Most of our erosion in second line has been attributable to" Tecentriq, Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers's chief commercial officer, told analysts. "We gave up about 10 points of market share." Merck's Keytruda drug is also taking patients away from Opdivo, Bristol-Myers said. The U.S.-based company's muted Opdivo outlook underscores why analysts predict Roche, when it announces full-year 2016 results on Feb. 1, will confirm Tecentriq sales have accelerated, particularly since its initial approval for bladder cancer in May was expanded in October to cover lung cancer. "Tecentriq continues to show strong launch trends in the fourth quarter 2016," wrote Jeffrey Holford, a Jefferies analyst. "We have been surprised on the upside by its launch." Life sciences consultancy IMS estimates Tecentriq's May-September sales for bladder cancer hit nearly $70 million, but that does not include lung cancer figures, the biggest cancer market. Roche declined to provide sales numbers, saying only "we can confirm that we have seen a good launch of Tecentriq". Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda work by helping the immune system recognize tumors that cloak themselves against detection. Roche and Bristol-Myers drugs are approved for use after other lung cancer treatments fail, while Keytruda has the FDA's blessing as an initial treatment and is now seeking the go-ahead for combination therapy with chemotherapy, which Merck contends puts it in the pole position in the I/O race. (Reporting by John Miller; editing by Jason Neely) Next In Health News FDA warns against use of homeopathic teething products The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday warned consumers against using certain homeopathic teething products, saying it has found high amounts of a toxic substance in some of them and they pose a potential risk to infants and children. EU food safety body to look again at palm oil health risks MILAN The European Food Safety Authority will re-examine its warning on health risks stemming from palm and other vegetable oils, a spokeswoman at the European body said in light of a recent study expressing less concern than EFSA. Patients with type 1 diabetes may need to check ketones more often (Reuters Health) - Many people with type 1 diabetes don’t check frequently enough for buildup of ketones, acids that can cause serious damage to the kidneys and other organs, according to a U.S. study. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health | Fri Jan 27, 2017 | 4:40pm IST Roche cancer drug taking bite out of Bristol's Opdivo The office tower of the headquarters of Swiss drugmaker Roche is seen in Basel, Switzerland, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann ZURICH Roche's cancer drug Tecentriq hit the market months behind immuno-oncology (I/O) medicines from Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co but the Swiss drugmaker's treatment is making up lost ground. On Thursday, Bristol-Myers managers said Tecentriq is grabbing market share from its I/O drug Opdivo for second-line non-small-cell lung cancer, one factor that forced them to cut their 2017 earnings forecast. "Most of our erosion in second line has been attributable to" Tecentriq, Murdo Gordon, Bristol-Myers's chief commercial officer, told analysts. "We gave up about 10 points of market share." Merck's Keytruda drug is also taking patients away from Opdivo, Bristol-Myers said. The U.S.-based company's muted Opdivo outlook underscores why analysts predict Roche, when it announces full-year 2016 results on Feb. 1, will confirm Tecentriq sales have accelerated, particularly since its initial approval for bladder cancer in May was expanded in October to cover lung cancer. "Tecentriq continues to show strong launch trends in the fourth quarter 2016," wrote Jeffrey Holford, a Jefferies analyst. "We have been surprised on the upside by its launch." Life sciences consultancy IMS estimates Tecentriq's May-September sales for bladder cancer hit nearly $70 million, but that does not include lung cancer figures, the biggest cancer market. Roche declined to provide sales numbers, saying only "we can confirm that we have seen a good launch of Tecentriq". Tecentriq, Opdivo and Keytruda work by helping the immune system recognize tumors that cloak themselves against detection. Roche and Bristol-Myers drugs are approved for use after other lung cancer treatments fail, while Keytruda has the FDA's blessing as an initial treatment and is now seeking the go-ahead for combination therapy with chemotherapy, which Merck contends puts it in the pole position in the I/O race. (Reporting by John Miller; editing by Jason Neely) Next In Health FDA warns against use of homeopathic teething products The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday warned consumers against using certain homeopathic teething products, saying it has found high amounts of a toxic substance in some of them and they pose a potential risk to infants and children. EU food safety body to look again at palm oil health risks MILAN The European Food Safety Authority will re-examine its warning on health risks stemming from palm and other vegetable oils, a spokeswoman at the European body said in light of a recent study expressing less concern than EFSA. Patients with type 1 diabetes may need to check ketones more often (Reuters Health) - Many people with type 1 diabetes don’t check frequently enough for buildup of ketones, acids that can cause serious damage to the kidneys and other organs, according to a U.S. study. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Budget 2017 India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Pulmonary Drugs Market 2016 – 2024; Asia Pacific to Lead Global Market due to Phenomenal Unmet Medical Needs 27 January 2017Military News The intensity of competition in the global pulmonary drugs market is exceptionally high with the presence of few dominant players. However, Transparency Market Research observes that the leading players are expected to lose their share in the overall market as patents for several drugs are poised to expire in the coming years. The top five players in the market are GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Astra Zeneca, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and Merck & Co., Inc. “The companies will focus on building their pipelines and developing effective and result-oriented medicines to meet the unmet demands of the patients across the globe,” states the lead author of the research report. Asia Pacific to Lead Global Market due to Phenomenal Unmet Medical Needs According to the research report, the global pulmonary drugs market is expected to be worth US$ 28,082.1 mn by the end of 2024 as compared to US$ 48,039.7 mn in 2015. Analysts calculate that the global market will plummet at a CAGR of -6.3% during the forecast period of 2016 and 2024. The market will thrive as the demand for combination drugs is anticipated to remain on the rise during the forecast period. The report estimates that the combination drugs segment will reach a valuation of US$5,217.5 mn by the end of 2024. On the other hand, in terms of geography, Asia Pacific will emerge as the leading region in the global market due to a huge pool of unmet medical demands. By the end of 2024, the Asia Pacific pulmonary drugs market is estimated to account for a share of 23.1% in the global market. Read Full Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pulmonary-drugs-market… High Prevalence of Respiratory Disorders due to Smoking Improves Uptake of Pulmonary Drugs Despite the projected decline, the demand for pulmonary drugs will continue to build as the population is reeling under the high prevalence of chronic respiratory disorders. The Forum of International Respiratory Societies (FIRS) states that the about 200 million meet their fatal end due to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and about 235 million due to asthma. These statistics have been the primary growth drivers for the overall pulmonary drugs market in the past few years. The rising number of smokers across the globe have also triggered the demand for pulmonary drugs as they are usually at the receiving end of respiratory disorders. The World Health Organization states that consumption of tobacco leads to six million deaths every year while 600, 000 are exposed to second-hand smoke, which is known to cause asthma. Thus the changes in lifestyle are anticipated to play a crucial role in the development of global market. The global pulmonary drugs market is also benefitting from the increasing disposable incomes and the rising awareness about treating pulmonary ailments. The increasing investments made in research and development of pulmonary drug delivery systems have also favored market growth in recent times. The growing pool of unmet demands due to population explosion in several developing countries and the entry of innovative and effective drugs in the market is also anticipated to boost the uptake of these drugs in the coming few years. Availability of Counterfeit Drugs Hampers Market Growth Analysts anticipate that the negative growth of the global pulmonary drugs market will be attributable to the patent cliffs in the coming years that will hamper the revenues of several leading players. This issue will be further addled by the entry of generic drugs in the global market. The strict regulatory process of getting these drugs approved from various authorities is also expected to dampen the spirit of the market during the forecast period. Furthermore, the wide availability of counterfeit drugs is also acting a significant impediment to the overall market. Download exclusive Sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The review is based on Transparency Market Research’s research report, titled “Pulmonary Drugs Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024.” The global pulmonary drugs market has been segmented as follows: Global Pulmonary Drugs Market Revenue, by Drug Class Inhaled Corticosteroids (ICS) Long-Acting Beta2-Agonists (LABA) Antihistamines Vasodilators Short-Acting Beta2-Agonists (SABA) Anticholinergics Combination Drugs Others (MAbs, Enzymes, Antibiotics, Antileukotrienes, etc.) Global Pulmonary Drugs Market Revenue, by Application Asthma & COPD Allergic Rhinitis Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension Cystic Fibrosis Others Global Pulmonary Drugs Market Revenue, by Distribution Channel Hospital Pharmacies Retail Pharmacies Drug Stores E-commerce Global Pulmonary Drugs Market Revenue, by Geography North America US Canada Europe Germany France Italy Spain UK Rest of Europe Asia Pacific China Japan India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of Middle East & Africa Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Health & Medicine hospital intelligence lose Post navigation Smart Medical Devices Market 2016 – 2024; Increasing Pool of Geriatrics Spikes Demand for Smart Medical Devices Audio Pixels Integration Stage Update Search Search for: Recent Posts Iluvit.club: Unique Service Helping People Find Great Recommendations From People With Similar Taste THE FOUNDER OF L.A.M.E 1 IS SHARING ANOTHER LOVE/RELATIONSHIP SECRETS FOR LOVERS – Amorous Amour Board Games Breakthrough recording artist Jesika von Rabbit launches unique ‘FUND A BUNNY’ crowd funding campaign DOSECC to Help Determine Viability of Deep Borehole Waste Storage Personal Risk Management Solutions (PRMS), has Again Been Shortlisted for the 2017 Private Asset Management (PAM) in the “Best High Net Worth Broker” Category Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market 2016 – 2024; Rising Intervention by Government Bodies to Play Key Role in Market Development 27 January 2017Military News Transparency Market Research estimates that the global clostridium vaccines market will exhibit a healthy 4.9% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024. Rising at this rate, the market, which valued at US$418.0 mn in 2015, is expected to reach US$643.5 mn by 2024. In terms of animal species, the swine segment presently leads but is expected to be outpaced by the growth of the ovine segment. In terms of geography, the global market is dominated by North America, which accounted for over 37% of the global market in 2015. The global clostridium vaccine (animal health) market features a largely consolidated competitive landscape, with the top five companies collectively accounting for a share of over 63% of the overall market in 2015, observes a recent report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). These top vendors, namely Zoetis, Inc., Merck & Co., Sanofi-Aventis, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Eli Lilly and Company hold commanding positions owing to their wide geographic presence and a strong financial backing allowing increased focus on research and development activities. Top companies in the market aim to strengthen their positions with strategies such as targeted in-licensing, acquisition, and innovative marketing. Use of the digital medium to reach out to an extended consumer base and serve the consumer more effectively has also started becoming a popular strategy. An instance is the recent update made to Bayer’s BCS cowdition smartphone application in July 2016. The enhanced application is expected to help veterinarians to track the current and future hurdles regarding cattle health, which will help minimize the impact of metabolic diseases on dairy cows. Read Full Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/clostridium-vaccine-ma… Rising Intervention by Government Bodies to Play Key Role in Market Development Government initiatives play a key role the development of animal health care markets. For instance, the China market for veterinary healthcare is chiefly driven by compulsory immunization policy, several animal health awareness programs, the easy availability of affordable veterinary vaccines, and fund for research and development in the field. In several other developed as well as developing economies, funds invested by government bodies for the research and development of veterinary vaccines and medications play a key role in boosting the demand for clostridium vaccines. Along with this, the rising global demand for animal products such as cattle milk, meat, and eggs is also a key factor driving the global market for clostridium vaccines. Animal products such as milk, pork, beef, and chicken collectively account for nearly 40% of global agricultural GDP and generated revenues valuing nearly US$600 bn in 2015. The market for these products in developing countries is growing rapidly due to the rising population and increased disposable incomes. The resultant rise in awareness regarding the need for maintaining the excellent health of animals is expected to further drive the clostridium vaccines market in the near future. High Consumer Dependence on Government Distribution Channels to Hamper Growth In emerging economies, especially, government bodies play the central role in the distribution of vaccines. The Government of India, for instance, buys clostridium vaccines in bulk from manufacturers and supply them in different regions of the country. Bulk purchase of clostridium vaccines results in reduced prices, resulting in the low profitability of the market thus hampering its overall rate of development. Moreover, the market’s growth is also restrained to vast extent owing to the short exclusivity span of clostridium vaccines. Product exclusivity period in the animal health care industry is mostly only about three years to five years. Shorter exclusivity periods lead to a vast rise in competition from generics and over-the-counter (OTC) products. The increase in generic competition lowers product sales and significantly affects the profitability of the market. Download exclusive Sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… This review of the market is based on a recent market research report published by Transparency Market Research, titled “Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024.” For the study, the market has been segmented as follows: The global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) market is segmented as follows: Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market Revenue, by Animal Species Bovine Ovine Caprine Swine Poultry Others Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market Revenue, by Distribution Channel Veterinary Clinic Veterinary Hospital Veterinary Research institute Retail Pharmacy Global Clostridium Vaccine (Animal Health) Market Revenue, by Geography North America US Canada Europe Germany France Italy Spain UK Rest of Europe Asia Pacific China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of Middle East & Africa Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged base company Health & Medicine intelligence Post navigation Expect ‘3 R’s’ in Oil & Gas in 2017, Says AlixPartners Study: More Restructurings, More Realignment, Some Rebuilding Interventional Radiology Market 2016 – 2024; Rising Prevalence of Chronic Diseases and Mounting Global Population of Geriatrics Key to Market Growth Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 27, 2017January 27, 2017 by Press Release ImmunoPrecise Antibodies Issues Letter to Shareholders Victoria, British Columbia, Canada / TheNewswire / January 23, 2017 – IMMUNOPRECISE ANTIBODIES LTD. (the “Company”) (TSX VENTURE: IPA), a life sciences technology and product company supplying custom antibodies, today announced that the President and Chief Executive Officer, Thomas D’Orazio, has released a letter to shareholders. Dear Shareholders and Friends, As I write this letter to you, we have recently completed a $4.3 million financing and begun trading on the TSX Venture exchange. The ImmunoPrecise team has achieved a tremendous amount in the short time since I was appointed President and CEO in August 2016, and I think it’s important that I take this opportunity to reflect and explain why I was drawn to accepting the role of CEO of ImmunoPrecise in the first place. When I was first introduced to ImmunoPrecise I discovered a talented scientific staff in a unique company that prided itself on excellent customer satisfaction, as a premier supplier of custom antibodies to the global research and drug development community. Robert Beecroft, who founded ImmunoPrecise in 1989, had successfully implemented three key innovations that have allowed the company to set itself apart from other antibody companies: —RapidprimeTM immunization strategy in mice —Single-step cloning for selection of hybridomas —Recombinant monoclonal antibody technology (RMAT) for the generation of rabbit monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) These innovative methodologies, when combined with scientific excellence, experience, and unwavering customer care allowed ImmunoPrecise to build an enviable client list and an admirable reputation in its marketplace. We are known and trusted as a proven problem solver and partner by our clients, as my many recent one-on-one discussions with key client accounts has validated. However, what became clear to me throughout my due diligence period was the tremendous untapped potential that I believe this company to have. It is important to note that the antibody sector is very active and growing rapidly. Over 50% of all new drug therapies in development are antibody based. Leading pharmaceutical companies including Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc, Sanofi, F.Hoffman-La Roche, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline, NovartisAG and Abbvie amongst others have developed or are developing antibody based drug therapies including several of the top selling drugs in history. Research and development will focus on cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases and hematological diseases among others. Transparency Market Research recently released a market study reporting that the monoclonal antibody therapeutic market will be worth $245 billion by 2024 up from $86.7 billion in 2015 a CAGR of 13.5%. This growth will significantly increase demand for all products and services from companies such as ImmunoPrecise who serve this industry. ImmunoPrecise is ideally situated to benefit from these tailwinds. Core Business We have spent the last number of months developing a strategic and tactical plan to implement aggressive new business development initiatives that are already helping our core business of contract manufacturing antibodies and cryo-storage to grow rapidly with improving margins, which provides a very stable base to our business. While actively pursuing new client relationships, we are also working closely with our existing clients to become a more integral component of their research & development programs, and provide additional much-needed services that have always been within our technical capabilities but have never been fully exploited, thus increasing our wallet share of our client’s total development spend. Growth Opportunities We have a world-class team with a culture of scientific excellence, and this team is now pursuing new opportunities that will fully deploy our technical abilities. The road from basic research to creating a drug like the monoclonal antibody Humira (world’s top selling pharmaceutical product used for pain relief, $13 billion in 2014 global sales) or Avastin (an antibody based cancer drug that sold over $7.3 Billion in 2015) is long, and right now ImmunoPrecise services a small section of that road. We are working to change that through partnerships and strategic acquisitions, which will allow us to claim a broader scope of work within our core competencies and provide new processes and innovations to our clients. One area of particular interest to the company is in humanizing antibodies, which is a key step and one of the fastest growing areas in the multi-billion dollar development of successful therapies. We are also increasing our focus on new product development, and process refinement, which will allow us to unleash the capacity of our team to further commercialize our innovations. Increasing production capacity We have commenced design and construction of a new laboratory at the Vancouver Island Technology Park which will allow us to meet the growing demand for our products and services. We expect this state-of-the-art laboratory to come on-line in the next 90 days, and combined with newly implemented Lean Manufacturing Principles will help to meet increased customer demand. I believe the ImmunoPrecise team has the expertise, the technical resources, the drive and commitment to succeed, and now with a solid financial base, the necessary capital resources to deliver greater results to its shareholders and to its customers. The opportunity has never been better for our company. Thank-you for your support. We look forward to achieving many milestones throughout 2017 and are committed to continuing to generate significant shareholder returns. Sincerely, Thomas D’Orazio, President, CEO and Director About ImmunoPrecise ImmunoPrecise is a life sciences product and technology company supplying a selection of high-quality, custom antibodies to the global research and industrial community. The Company uses proprietary innovative inoculation and cloning technologies and established expertise to produce monoclonal antibodies significantly faster than traditional methods of antibody production. It has used these capacities to produce hundreds of mAbs now sold commercially through industry partners. ImmunoPrecise is headquartered in Victoria British Columbia and has its own in-house animal care unit, tissue culture facility and molecular facility. To learn more about ImmunoPrecise, please visit www.immunoprecise.com For further information please contact: ImmunoPrecise Antibodies Ltd. Phone: 1-250-483-0308 Unit 3204 – 4464 Markham Street Victoria, BC V8Z 7X8, Canada For investor relations please contact: Rob Gamley Phone: 1-604-689-7422 Email: rob@contactfinancial.com Contact Financial Corp. 1450 – 701 West Georgia St. Vancouver, BC V7Y 1G5 Forward Looking Information This news release contains statements that, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. ImmunoPrecise uses words such as “may”, “would”, “could”, “will”, “likely”, “expect”, “believe”, “intend” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Any such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and analyses made by ImmunoPrecise in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments. However, whether actual results and developments will conform to ImmunoPrecise’s expectations and predictions is subject to any number of risks, assumptions and uncertainties. Many factors could cause ImmunoPrecise’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this news release. Such factors include, among other things: risks and uncertainties described in the Company’s Filing Statement dated December 13, 2016 which can be accessed at www.sedar.com. The “forward-looking statements” contained herein speak only as of the date of this press release and, unless required by applicable law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise such information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. CategoriessatPRnews TagsCEO, Core, Current, Design, Light Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sinopec Awards DuPont Clean Technologies License and Engineering Contract for STRATCO® Alkylation Technology Next PostNext Datto Completes Exceptional 2016 Marked by Product Innovation and Growth in US and Abroad Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel January 28, 2017 Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided January 28, 2017 Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves January 28, 2017 Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America January 28, 2017 New Floors from Syracuse Flooring America Transform Any Room Quickly & Efficiently January 28, 2017 Baby Play Mats Get Safer and Adorable with the New Online Store, Bubble and Bee January 28, 2017 Explore New Ways to Upgrade a Home During the Red Carpet Clearance Sale at Noel Maestri’s Flooring America in Covington, LA January 28, 2017 Johnstown, PA, Flooring Store Makes Home Renovations More Affordable for Customers January 28, 2017 “Stan Mikita’s All-Star Café Presented by Honda” Announces Exciting Schedule During 2017 Honda NHL All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles January 28, 2017 Cloth Diaper Company Makes an Effort to Reduce the Environmental Footprint made by Disposable Diapers January 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 :Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer AG, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Seattle Genetics 27 January 2017Military News Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/26/2017 — The Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Cancer Immunotherapy market. Cancer Immunotherapy Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Market report provides a basic overview of the Cancer Immunotherapy industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Cancer Immunotherapy industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106905#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Amgen AstraZeneca F. Hoffman La-Roche Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Eli Lilly and Company Janssen Global Services Merck Novartis Pfizer Seattle Genetics Peregrine Pharmaceuticals Viralytics Ltd Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Cancer Immunotherapy market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Cancer Immunotherapy Overview 2. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Cancer Immunotherapy (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Manufacturers Analysis 5. Cancer Immunotherapy Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106905#request-sample Secondly, Cancer Immunotherapy Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Cancer Immunotherapy Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Cancer Immunotherapy industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Cancer Immunotherapy industry report. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged attention company major Uncategorized Post navigation SBT Bancorp, Inc. (SBTB: OTCQX U.S. Premier) | SBT Bancorp, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Results CIBT Education Group, Inc. (MBAIF: OTCQX International) | Material Change Report – The Company completes a private placement, suspends its normal course issuer bid and purchases a senior secured debt Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 :Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, Bayer, AstraZeneca, Abbott Labs, Johnson & Johnson 27 January 2017Military News Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/26/2017 — The Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Antibacterial Drugs market. Antibacterial Drugs Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Market report provides a basic overview of the Antibacterial Drugs industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Antibacterial Drugs industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106900#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Pfizer Merck & Co. GlaxoSmithKline Novartis Bayer Taisho Pharmaceuticals AstraZeneca Abbott Labs Daiichi Sankyo Johnson & Johnson Eli Lilly and Company Sanofi SA Global Antibacterial Drugs Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Antibacterial Drugs market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Antibacterial Drugs Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Antibacterial Drugs Overview 2. Global Antibacterial Drugs Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Antibacterial Drugs (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Manufacturers Analysis 5. Antibacterial Drugs Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106900#request-sample Secondly, Antibacterial Drugs Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Antibacterial Drugs Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Antibacterial Drugs Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Antibacterial Drugs industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Antibacterial Drugs Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Antibacterial Drugs industry report. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged attention company major Uncategorized Post navigation Remarks by HRVP Mogherini following her meeting with Mr Saad Hariri, Prime Minister of Lebanon Asia Pacific Wireless Audio Devices Market (2016-2022) Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 :Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer AG, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Seattle Genetics Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 :Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer AG, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Seattle Genetics Posted on January 26, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Global Cancer Immunotherapy Industry 2017 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/26/2017 — The Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Cancer Immunotherapy market. Cancer Immunotherapy Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Market report provides a basic overview of the Cancer Immunotherapy industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Cancer Immunotherapy industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106905#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Amgen AstraZeneca F. Hoffman La-Roche Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Eli Lilly and Company Janssen Global Services Merck Novartis Pfizer Seattle Genetics Peregrine Pharmaceuticals Viralytics Ltd Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Cancer Immunotherapy market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Cancer Immunotherapy Overview 2. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Cancer Immunotherapy (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Manufacturers Analysis 5. Cancer Immunotherapy Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Cancer Immunotherapy Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106905#request-sample Secondly, Cancer Immunotherapy Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Cancer Immunotherapy Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Cancer Immunotherapy industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Cancer Immunotherapy industry report. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-cancer-immunotherapy-market-2017-amgen-astrazeneca-bayer-ag-merck-novartis-pfizer-seattle-genetics-764216.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist QY Market Research Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/market-analysis/global-cancer-immunotherapy-industry-2017.html Latest News Budweiser’s Miesha Tate to Host Vegas’ Sexiest Big Game Football Party at Sapphire Las Vegas, “World’s Largest Gentlemen’s Club,” February 5th 2017 DOSECC to Help Determine Viability of Deep Borehole Waste Storage A’ Design Award and Competition 2017 Last Call for Entries Westharbor Homes and Ludlow Cove Cottages Honored with National Design Awards Pixel Film Studios Recently Released FCPX Toolbox Cinema for Final Cut Pro X SpotterRF Introduces New Upgrades and IndustrialENET Integration PolyU Announces the 2nd Hong Kong Business Sustainability Index Overall Average Score Up 9.5% and Top 20 Companies Up 20.2% TechWell Opens Speaker Submissions for STARCANADA PolyU Stages PolyU Entrepreneurship Parade 2016 to Support 34 Start-Ups Design ‘N’ BUY Re-Launches its Marketplace Solution for Trade Printers and Print Service Providers © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 :Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, Bayer, AstraZeneca, Abbott Labs, Johnson & Johnson Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 :Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, Bayer, AstraZeneca, Abbott Labs, Johnson & Johnson Posted on January 26, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Global Antibacterial Drugs Industry 2017 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/26/2017 — The Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Antibacterial Drugs market. Antibacterial Drugs Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Market report provides a basic overview of the Antibacterial Drugs industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Antibacterial Drugs industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106900#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Pfizer Merck & Co. GlaxoSmithKline Novartis Bayer Taisho Pharmaceuticals AstraZeneca Abbott Labs Daiichi Sankyo Johnson & Johnson Eli Lilly and Company Sanofi SA Global Antibacterial Drugs Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Antibacterial Drugs market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Antibacterial Drugs Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Antibacterial Drugs Overview 2. Global Antibacterial Drugs Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Antibacterial Drugs (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Manufacturers Analysis 5. Antibacterial Drugs Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Antibacterial Drugs Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/106900#request-sample Secondly, Antibacterial Drugs Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Antibacterial Drugs Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Antibacterial Drugs Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Antibacterial Drugs industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Antibacterial Drugs Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Antibacterial Drugs industry report. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-antibacterial-drugs-market-2017-pfizer-glaxosmithkline-novartis-bayer-astrazeneca-abbott-labs-johnson-johnson-764206.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist QY Market Research Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/market-analysis/global-antibacterial-drugs-industry-2017.html Latest News Budweiser’s Miesha Tate to Host Vegas’ Sexiest Big Game Football Party at Sapphire Las Vegas, “World’s Largest Gentlemen’s Club,” February 5th 2017 DOSECC to Help Determine Viability of Deep Borehole Waste Storage A’ Design Award and Competition 2017 Last Call for Entries Westharbor Homes and Ludlow Cove Cottages Honored with National Design Awards Pixel Film Studios Recently Released FCPX Toolbox Cinema for Final Cut Pro X SpotterRF Introduces New Upgrades and IndustrialENET Integration PolyU Announces the 2nd Hong Kong Business Sustainability Index Overall Average Score Up 9.5% and Top 20 Companies Up 20.2% TechWell Opens Speaker Submissions for STARCANADA PolyU Stages PolyU Entrepreneurship Parade 2016 to Support 34 Start-Ups Design ‘N’ BUY Re-Launches its Marketplace Solution for Trade Printers and Print Service Providers © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Co-Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsBudget 2017GossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenHockey League#SWAGphoneHonor6X Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Supreme Court bars Glenmark from selling copies of Merck diabetes drugs: Sources EC Gives Green Signal to Next Episode of PM's 'Mann Ki Baat' AI Flight Makes Emergency Landing After Passenger Suffers Heart Attack Five Soldiers Missing in Kupwara After Road Caves In Near Army Camp News18 » India 1-min read Supreme Court bars Glenmark from selling copies of Merck diabetes drugs: Sources First published: May 15, 2015, 4:53 PM IST | Updated: May 15, 2015 The court has, however, allowed Glenmark to continue to sell existing inventory. Mumbai: India's Supreme Court has blocked Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd from selling copies of U.S. drugmaker Merck & Co Inc's diabetes drugs Januvia and Janumet, sources with knowledge of the matter said after a court hearing on Friday. The court has, however, allowed Glenmark to continue to sell existing inventory, the sources said. Merck sued Glenmark in 2013 for infringing a patent it has on sitagliptin, the chemical compound in Januvia and Janumet. Glenmark sells the medicines under the brand names Zita and Zita-met. glenmark Janumet januvia Merck & Co Inc Recommended For You MS Dhoni and Anil Kumble Deep in Conversation Ahead of Second T20 Sonam Kapoor Pulls Off A Denim Sari Like No One Else Bigg Boss 10: Bani, Manveer, Manu, Lopa Relive The Moments Spent Inside The House Past Wins Against Roger Federer Mean Nothing, Says Rafael Nadal You Can Flight The Ball When Boundaries Are Big: Yuzvendra Chahal About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News EC Gives Green Signal to Next Episode of PM's 'Mann Ki Baat' Firefighting Sexism: Some Dutch Courage, Please Apple Joins Microsoft, Facebook to Find Best Practices For AI Shades Of India 2.0, Episode- 49: Priyanka Gandhi in Congress list of star campaigners for UP AI Flight Makes Emergency Landing After Passenger Suffers Heart Attack Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 2:01 A.M. ET Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 12:00 A.M. ET Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 12:00 A.M. ET Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/27 Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 1/27 Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 1/27 Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 1/27 Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 1/27 Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 1/27 How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 1/27 Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 1/27 Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 1/27 Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 1/27 Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 1/27 Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Intel 1/27 Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 1/27 Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 1/27 Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Skittles Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Bristol-Myers cuts guidance on cancer drug issues By Anne Steele Published: Jan 26, 2017 1:11 p.m. ET Share By AnneSteele Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. cut its earnings guidance for the year as the drugmaker contends with dimmed prospects for its top cancer drug after major setbacks last year. For 2017, the company now expects adjusted earnings of $2.70 to $2.90 a share, down from its previous guidance of $2.85 to $3.05. Bristol pioneered cancer immunotherapy, a type of treatment that aims to fight cancer by harnessing the body's immune system, but it has been struggling in recent months to cope with competition from Merck & Co.'s Keytruda and most recently Tecentriq from Roche Holding AG. After Bristol announced in August that its immunotherapy Opdivo failed to meet the main goal of a critical study exploring the drug's use in advanced lung cancer patients who hadn't previously been treated, the company sought to persuade investors it still had bright prospects treating such patients, known as "first-line" lung cancer patients, by combining Opdivo with Bristol's other immunotherapy, Yervoy. The combination is under study. But last week, Bristol said it won't pursue speedy U.S. regulatory approval to market that combination as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. That announcement fed investor fears the company is losing ground in the race for this all-important patient group. In a conference call Thursday, Bristol said it was adjusting its sales strategy for lung-cancer patients. Executives said they expect Opdivo sales to grow overseas but to be flat in the U.S., where Bristol will concentrate on serving lung-cancer patients who have already received treatment until its trials studying combinations of therapies for untreated patients finish. "We do believe we have a meaningful role to play in lung cancer in the future," Bristol CEO Giovanni Caforio said on the conference call. Mr. Caforio also pointed to Bristol's pipeline of new kinds of immunotherapies in development. "I remain confident in our significant long-term opportunity in immuno-oncology," Mr. Caforio said. During the fourth quarter, Opdivo sales rose to $1.3 billion, up from $475 million during the period a year earlier. Yervoy sales edged 0.4% lower to $264 million world-wide. Revenue from another key Bristol product, the blood thinner Eliquis, jumped 57% to $948 million globally. In all for the December period, Bristol-Myers Squibb posted earnings of $894 million, or 53 cents a share, compared with a loss of $197 million, or 12 cents a share, a year earlier. The 2015 results included after-tax charges of 24 cents a share from the Five Prime Therapeutics Inc. and Cardioxyl Pharmaceuticals Inc. business development transactions and 8 cents a share for the transfer of the Erbitux business in North America to Eli Lilly & Co. Excluding certain items, adjusted earnings rose to 63 cents a share from 38 cents. Revenue surged 22%, to $5.24 billion. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had predicted earnings of 67 cents a share on $5.13 billion in revenue. In the previous quarter, Bristol said it had begun a reorganization to streamline certain operations, such as its supply chain for pills. The company provided no update on the reorganization in Thursday's report. Write to Anne Steele at Anne.Steele@wsj.com and Jonathan D. Rockoff at Jonathan.Rockoff@wsj.com More from MarketWatch This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like GDP shows economy slows to 1.9% growth Stocks end lower on GDP data and earnings, but post positive week Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to main content Home Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials Watch Science Connect Events Laboratory Design Conference RD 100 Conference Search Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Guides Companies Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels R&D LDN SC Advertisement Advertisement Colorectal Cancer Treatment Market to Approach $11B by 2025 Thu, 01/26/2017 - 10:22am Comments by Chiara Marchetti, Ph.D., Oncology and Hematology Analyst, GlobalData The colorectal cancer space, which covers the eight major markets (8MM) of the US, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the UK, Japan, and China, is set to rise from $8.15 billion in 2015 to almost $11 billion by 2025, representing a moderate compound annual growth rate of 3%, according to research and consulting firm GlobalData. The company’s latest report states that the major drivers of this growth include aging populations and rising incident cases of colorectal cancer across most markets, the launch and uptake of premium-priced therapies and the resulting increase in the number of patients upon disease recurrence that are treated with branded therapies rather than generic chemotherapy. For example, Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab) is expected to be the first immune checkpoint inhibitor approved for the treatment of microsatellite high colorectal cancer, and enjoy rapid uptake across the 8MM. Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma’s napabucasin and Array BioPharma’s combination of encorafenib + binimetinib are also expected to launch in 2020 in the second-line setting, thus addressing some of the main unmet needs in colorectal cancer, particularly the insurgence of acquired resistance to available therapies and the poor prognosis of BRAF mutant patients. The launch of these drugs will facilitate a gradual increase in the number of patients receiving branded therapy across different lines of metastatic therapy, thus increasing the patient pool of these segments and the overall colorectal cancer market size. Despite these new drugs, there will remain a lack of development of neoadjuvant/adjuvant pipeline agents for the treatment of resectable high-risk colorectal cancer. This setting has significant unmet needs, and represents a lucrative opportunity for developers of efficacious treatments that can improve cure rates for resected patients. With the lack of any new premium-priced agents in resectable high-risk colorectal cancer, GlobalData expects the status quo of drug treatment to remain with the prescription of generic and relatively cheap chemotherapies throughout the forecast period. Increasing cost-consciousness will limit premium pricing opportunities for pipeline agents. Healthcare austerity measures are being incorporated across the major markets, and drug companies will need to consider the changing reimbursement landscape when determining pricing strategies for their drugs. This era of austerity and healthcare reform will negatively affect companies’ ability to gain reimbursement approval for new CRC therapies. Drug Pipeline Related Reads Global Type 2 Diabetes Market Value Predicted to Almost Double by 2025 Schizophrenia Treatment Urgently Requires Drugs Targeting Negative Symptoms Lupus Market to Reach $3.2B by 2025 Due to First-in-Class Drugs Major Depressive Disorder Market to Reach $5.8B by 2025 Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Drug Discovery & Development Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska NCCN Establishes Second Policy and Advocacy Fellowship NCCN's second policy and advocacy fellow will maintain a comprehensive understanding of the oncology policy landscape, contribute to the advancement of NCCN's policy initiatives, and contribute to the monitoring and awareness of use of NCCN Content by public and private payers to enhance access to and delivery of quality oncology care in the United States. News provided by National Comprehensive Cancer Network Jan 26, 2017, 11:09 ET Share this article FORT WASHINGTON, Pa., Jan. 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The National Comprehensive Cancer Network® (NCCN®) has instituted its second Policy and Advocacy Fellowship to support access to and delivery of high-quality cancer care throughout the United States. NCCN established its first Policy and Advocacy Fellowship in May 2016. The NCCN Policy and Advocacy Fellowship provides exposure to oncology policy topics and related skills in the early stages of their care. Among various responsibilities, the Policy/Advocacy Fellow will track legislative activities that could affect access to quality cancer care, contribute to the advancement of NCCN's policy initiatives, and contribute to the monitoring of use of NCCN Content by public and private payers and health information technology innovators to support access to high-quality cancer care. "NCCN is proud to establish a second Policy/Advocacy Fellowship to work on behalf of patients with public and private payers and employers, as well as other initiatives in this time of rapid health care policy change and development," said Robert W. Carlson, MD, Chief Executive Officer, NCCN. NCCN Policy fellows learn techniques in policy research, development, advocacy, communication, and implementation of oncology policy programs that further NCCN's mission to improve the quality, effectiveness, and efficiency of cancer care so that patients can live better lives. The NCCN Policy/Advocacy Fellowship is supported by Celgene, Gilead Sciences, Taiho Oncology, an educational donation provided by Amgen, and an independent educational grant from Merck & Co., Inc. For more information about the NCCN Oncology Policy Program, visit NCCN.org/policy. About the National Comprehensive Cancer Network The National Comprehensive Cancer Network® (NCCN®), a not-for-profit alliance of 27 of the world's leading cancer centers devoted to patient care, research, and education, is dedicated to improving the quality, effectiveness, and efficiency of cancer care so that patients can live better lives. Through the leadership and expertise of clinical professionals at NCCN Member Institutions, NCCN develops resources that present valuable information to the numerous stakeholders in the health care delivery system. As the arbiter of high-quality cancer care, NCCN promotes the importance of continuous quality improvement and recognizes the significance of creating clinical practice guidelines appropriate for use by patients, clinicians, and other health care decision-makers. The NCCN Member Institutions are: Fred & Pamela Buffett Cancer Center, Omaha, NE; Case Comprehensive Cancer Center/University Hospitals Seidman Cancer Center and Cleveland Clinic Taussig Cancer Institute, Cleveland, OH; City of Hope Comprehensive Cancer Center, Los Angeles, CA; Dana-Farber/Brigham and Women's Cancer Center | Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center, Boston, MA; Duke Cancer Institute, Durham, NC; Fox Chase Cancer Center, Philadelphia, PA; Huntsman Cancer Institute at the University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT; Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center/Seattle Cancer Care Alliance, Seattle, WA; The Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins, Baltimore, MD; Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University, Chicago, IL; Mayo Clinic Cancer Center, Phoenix/Scottsdale, AZ, Jacksonville, FL, and Rochester, MN; Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY; Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL; The Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center - James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Institute, Columbus, OH; Roswell Park Cancer Institute, Buffalo, NY; Siteman Cancer Center at Barnes-Jewish Hospital and Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO; St. Jude Children's Research Hospital/The University of Tennessee Health Science Center, Memphis, TN; Stanford Cancer Institute, Stanford, CA; University of Alabama at Birmingham Comprehensive Cancer Center, Birmingham, AL; UC San Diego Moores Cancer Center, La Jolla, CA; UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, San Francisco, CA; University of Colorado Cancer Center, Aurora, CO; University of Michigan Comprehensive Cancer Center, Ann Arbor, MI; The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX; University of Wisconsin Carbone Cancer Center, Madison, WI; Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center, Nashville, TN; and Yale Cancer Center/Smilow Cancer Hospital, New Haven, CT. Clinicians, visit NCCN.org. Patients and caregivers, visit NCCN.org/patients. Media, visit NCCN.org/news. Media Contact: Katie Kiley Brown, NCCN 215-690-0238 brown@nccn.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nccn-establishes-second-policy-and-advocacy-fellowship-300397447.html SOURCE National Comprehensive Cancer Network Related Links http://www.nccn.org Jan 09, 2017, 13:00 ET Preview: NCCN Publishes Patient Education Resources for Gliomas--Its First in a Series on Brain Cancer My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 09, 2017, 13:00 ETNCCN Publishes Patient Education Resources for Gliomas--Its First... Nov 30, 2016, 11:00 ETImproving the Utility of Value Tools in Cancer Care for Patients Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Not For Profit You just read: NCCN Establishes Second Policy and Advocacy Fellowship News provided by National Comprehensive Cancer Network Jan 26, 2017, 11:09 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Johnson & Johnson's $30B takeover keeps cash overseas by Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff January 26, 2017: 10:16 AM ET Does the U.S. have the highest corporate tax rate? Johnson & Johnson isn't following President Trump's advice to buy American. It's spending $30 billion of its overseas cash pile on a Swiss biopharmaceutical company, Actelion (ALIOY). Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) has a reputation for keeping tens of billions in cash outside the U.S. to avoid paying high American corporate tax rates. Now it's putting the money to work. The company will still have about $12 billion in overseas cash after the deal closes, which is expected to be in the second quarter of this year. Other American companies have been reluctant to bring overseas profits home because of the 35% U.S. corporate tax rate, the highest among developed economies. Apple (AAPL, Tech30), General Electric (GE), Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30), Pfizer (PFE) and Merck (MRK) all keep tens of billions overseas. Asked on a conference call Thursday about tax implications, J&J chief financial officer Dominic Caruso said the Actelion deal was good in part because there were no U.S. taxes attached to it. "That's the most attractive tax rate -- zero," he said, but noted he was closely watching for any developments on tax reform in the United States. Trump has said he wants to lower U.S. corporate tax rates, which would encourage companies to bring money back into the United States. During the presidential campaign, he suggested a tax rate of 10%. But that may not have the effect he wants: When companies have been granted tax breaks in the past, very little cash ended up returning to the United States. Related: Ray-Ban owner makes $50 billion glasses deal Johnson & Johnson is known for baby shampoo and consumer products, but it makes the bulk of its revenue selling drugs and medical devices. It's buying Actelion to get access to its blood pressure drugs and other drugs in later stages of development. J&J said the takeover would boost sales and profits immediately. It will also lower the company's overall tax bill because Switzerland is known for comparatively low corporate tax rates. Executives did not say how much the deal would help J&J save in tax. A J&J spokesman said the company didn't know yet whether the takeover would affect jobs. Companies like Johnson & Johnson that do business abroad can avoid paying U.S. taxes on the billions of dollars they keep offshore. As part of the deal, Actelion will spin off its early-stage research and development unit into a separate business that will stay in Switzerland. Actelion shareholders will get a stake in that business, and J&J will take a large stake, too. J&J and Actelion have been working on the takeover for months. It got dramatic in December when they publicly broke things off, only to return a few days later to exclusive talks. CNNMoney (London) First published January 26, 2017: 10:16 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Johnson & Johnson’s $30B takeover keeps cash overseas Johnson & Johnson’s $30B takeover keeps cash overseas Posted on Thursday, January 26, 2017 by CNN in Business News Johnson & Johnson isn’t following President Trump’s advice to buy American. It’s spending $30 billion of its overseas cash pile on a Swiss biopharmaceutical company, Actelion. Johnson & Johnson has a reputation for keeping tens of billions in cash outside the U.S. to avoid paying high American corporate tax rates. Now it’s putting the money to work. The company will still have about $12 billion in overseas cash after the deal closes, which is expected to be in the second quarter of this year. Other American companies have been reluctant to bring overseas profits home because of the 35% U.S. corporate tax rate, the highest among developed economies. Apple, General Electric, Microsoft, Pfizer and Merck all keep tens of billions overseas. Asked on a conference call Thursday about tax implications, J&J chief financial officer Dominic Caruso said the Actelion deal was good in part because there were no U.S. taxes attached to it. “That’s the most attractive tax rate — zero,” he said, but noted he was closely watching for any developments on tax reform in the United States. Trump has said he wants to lower U.S. corporate tax rates, which would encourage companies to bring money back into the United States. During the presidential campaign, he suggested a tax rate of 10%. But that may not have the effect he wants: When companies have been granted tax breaks in the past, very little cash ended up returning to the United States. Johnson & Johnson is known for baby shampoo and consumer products, but it makes the bulk of its revenue selling drugs and medical devices. It’s buying Actelion to get access to its blood pressure drugs and other drugs in later stages of development. J&J said the takeover would boost sales and profits immediately. It will also lower the company’s overall tax bill because Switzerland is known for comparatively low corporate tax rates. Executives did not say how much the deal would help J&J save in tax. A J&J spokesman said the company didn’t know yet whether the takeover would affect jobs. As part of the deal, Actelion will spin off its early-stage research and development unit into a separate business that will stay in Switzerland. Actelion shareholders will get a stake in that business, and J&J will take a large stake, too. J&J and Actelion have been working on the takeover for months. It got dramatic in December when they publicly broke things off, only to return a few days later to exclusive talks. Hugo Chávez was first tweeter-in-chief 54% of Americans aren't benefiting from Dow 20,000 Related Posts Retailers spend billions on Christmas TV ads Time Warner and Fox join stand against Georgia’s ‘anti-LGBT’ bill Opinion: Why ‘Grexit’ could be good for Greece AT&T-DirecTV merger gets FCC chairman’s thumbs up Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 2:01 A.M. ET Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 12:00 A.M. ET Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 12:00 A.M. ET Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/27 Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 1/27 Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 1/27 Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 1/27 Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 1/27 Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 1/27 How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 1/27 Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 1/27 Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 1/27 Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 1/27 Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 1/27 Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Intel 1/27 Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 1/27 Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 1/27 Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Skittles Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Bristol-Myers Squibb cuts outlook By Anne Steele Published: Jan 26, 2017 7:20 a.m. ET Share By AnneSteele Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. slashed its guidance for the year as the drugmaker contends with dimmed prospects for its top cancer drug after major setbacks during the final quarter of the year. For 2017, the company now expects adjusted earnings of $2.70 to $2.90 a share, down from its previous guidance of $2.85 to $3.05. Bristol pioneered cancer immunotherapy, treatment that aims to fight cancer by harnessing the body's immune system, but it has been losing ground to competitors in recent months, including Merck & Co.'s Keytruda. After Bristol announced in August that its immunotherapy Opdivo failed to meet the main goal of a critical study exploring the drug's first-line use in advanced lung cancer patients, the company sought to convince investors it still had bright prospects treating first-line lung cancer patients by combining Opdivo with its other immunotherapy Yervoy, which is under study. But last week, Bristol said it won't pursue speedy U.S. regulatory approval to market that combination as a first-line treatment for lung cancer. That announcement fed fears the company is losing ground in the race for this all-important patient group. During the fourth quarter, Opdivo sales rose to $1.3 billion, up from $475 million during the period a year earlier. Yervoy sales edged 0.4% lower to $264 million world-wide. Revenue from another key Bristol product, the blood thinner Eliquis, jumped 57% to $948 million globally. In all for the December period, Bristol-Myers Squibb posted earnings of $894 million, or 53 cents a share, compared with a loss of $197 million, or 12 cents a share, a year earlier. The 2015 results included after-tax charges of 24 cents a share from the Five Prime Therapeutics Inc. and Cardioxyl Pharmaceuticals Inc. business development transactions and 8 cents a share for the transfer of the Erbitux business in North America to Eli Lilly & Co. Excluding certain items, adjusted earnings rose to 63 cents a share from 38 cents. Revenue surged 22%, to $5.24 billion. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had predicted earnings of 67 cents a share on $5.13 billion in revenue. In the previous quarter, Bristol said it had begun a reorganization to streamline certain operations, such as its supply chain for pills. The company provided no update on the reorganization in Thursday's report. Also last week, Merck agreed to pay $625 million plus royalties on Keytruda sales to Bristol and Ono Pharmaceutical Co. to settle a suit alleging the cancer drug violates their patent for immunotherapy. Bristol and Ono filed suit in federal court in Delaware in 2014, the same day that Merck received U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to market Keytruda as a treatment for the deadly skin cancer melanoma. Bristol and Ono, who discovered and developed the PD-1 antibody Opdivo, had asserted in litigation that Merck's sale of Keytruda infringed the companies' patents relating to the use of PD-1 antibodies to treat cancer in the U.S., Europe, Australia and Japan. Write to Anne Steele at Anne.Steele@wsj.com More from MarketWatch What Happens if President Trump Makes Changes to Nafta? Stocks end lower on GDP data and earnings, but post positive week First Lady Fashion: 30 Years of Inaugural Ball Gowns Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Bristol-Myers lowers 2017 earnings outlook By Reuters Published: 07:04 EST, 26 January 2017 | Updated: 07:04 EST, 26 January 2017 e-mail By Deena Beasley Jan 26 (Reuters) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co on Thursday reported fourth-quarter profit that fell short of Wall Street estimates and lowered its 2017 earnings forecast amid tempered expectations for its key Opdivo immuno-oncology drug. For full-year 2017, the U.S. drugmaker said it now expects adjusted earnings of $2.70 to $2.90 per share, down from its previous range of $2.85 to $3.05 per share. Wall Street analysts, on average, had forecast $2.96 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Excluding special items, Bristol said it earned 63 cents a share in the fourth quarter, falling short of the average analyst estimate of 67 cents a share. Revenue for the quarter rose 22 percent to $5.2 billion. Bristol said it expects full-year 2017 worldwide revenue to increase by a rate in the low single digits. Fourth quarter sales of Opdivo, which works by taking the brakes off the immune system, soared to $1.3 billion from $475 million a year earlier. Approved in late 2014 to treat melanoma, Opdivo later won approvals to treat lung and kidney cancer and is being tested against a wide array of other types of cancer. But Bristol is seen as having fallen behind competitor Merck & Co. Earlier this month Merck said it had filed for a speedy U.S. approval of Opdivo rival, Keytruda, in combination with chemotherapy, as an initial lung cancer treatment, and had received a May 10 regulatory decision date. Bristol, citing available trial data, said last week it would not seek accelerated approval of its combination of immunotherapy drugs Opdivo and Yervoy in first-line lung cancer. Lung cancer is by far the biggest oncology market and a handful of companies have been battling to become dominant in initial, or first-line, treatment, and to provide much-needed combination therapies. Bristol, which recently announced a patent settlement that includes a $625 million payment from Merck, said it still expects full-year 2017 net earnings of $2.47 to $2.67 per share. Fourth-quarter 2016 net income rose to $894 million, or 53 cents per share, from a year-earlier loss of $197 million, or 12 cents a share. (Reporting By Deena Beasley; Editing by Bernard Orr) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Ruling expected next week after 2 days of hearings for 10 suspended Gophers players Sen. Franken hears criticism of Trump ed nominee DeVos St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Critics: Downtown St. Paul skyways are unsafe, unsightly, mismanaged A fitter Sano shows Twins he's ready to take next step Dubnyk's family savors moment of NHL All-Star trip A toss of the hat: Minneapolis flash mob pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well next Blog 411999026 Inside Track Trump to meet with 3M and other manufacturing CEOs By Dee DePass January 27, 2017 — 2:53pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint President Donald Trump announced a Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Friday that he said will include meetings with the chief executives of America's largest manufacturing firms and trade groups, including 3M Company CEO Inge Thulin. Trump's press office issued a statement Friday saying, "The President will be meeting with some of the world’s most successful and creative business leaders to share their experiences and gain their insights. President Trump plans to continually seek information and perspectives from a diverse range of business leaders...on how best to promote job growth." The initial round of leaders invited to participate in the initiative include the heads of Maplewood-based 3M as well as Dow Chemical, Lockheed Martin, General Electric, and many others. For the full list, see below. In response to Trump's invitation, Thulin said in a statement that  he is "honored to be asked to participate in this Presidential initiative and looks forward to engaging "on the important issues relating to American manufacturing." It is not yet known when the meetings will be scheduled or which topics will be covered. Manufacturing experts said they expect issues discussed to include workforce training, the robotics, programming and technology needs of today's factories as well as tax and regulatory relief, exports, trade tariffs, and patent protections. Initial business leaders assisting with Trump's Manufacturing Jobs Initiative include: Andrew Liveris, The Dow Chemical Company Bill Brown, Harris Corporation Michael Dell, Dell Technologies John Ferriola, Nucor Corporation Jeff Fettig, Whirlpool Corporation Mark Fields, Ford Motor Company Ken Frazier, Merck & Co., Inc. Alex Gorsky, Johnson & Johnson Greg Hayes, United Technologies Corp. Marilynn Hewson, Lockheed Martin Corporation Jeff Immelt, General Electric Jim Kamsickas, Dana Inc. Klaus Kleinfeld, Arconic Brian Krzanich, Intel Corporation Rich Kyle, The Timken Company Thea Lee, AFL-CIO Mario Longhi, U.S. Steel Denise Morrison, Campbell Soup Company Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing Elon Musk, Tesla Doug Oberhelman, Caterpillar Scott Paul, Alliance for American Manufacturing Kevin Plank, Under Armour Mike Polk, Newell Brands Mark Sutton, International Paper Inge Thulin, 3M Richard Tumka, AFL-CIO Wendell Weeks, Corning         Older Post Minneapolis marketing firm Broadhead sells Clutch A look at what’s behind today's Minnesota business headlines. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list Take a look inside 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' house for sale in Mpls. Vikings' Bridgewater still rehabbing with no set timeline to return Family of teen who died after wisdom teeth procedure sues Edina dentist Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? Why Trump will find it hard to make American economy greater KKR buys Calabrio, Minneapolis maker of call-center analysis software Sunday's golf results Saturday's golf results A resurgent Africa seeks U.S. partners More From Inside Track Blogs January 27 Trump to meet with 3M and other manufacturing CEOs Trump announces new manufacturing jobs initiative and future meetings with factory CEOs, including 3M's Thulin Blogs January 27 Minneapolis marketing firm Broadhead sells Clutch Consulting group Clutch is now fully independent. Blogs January 27 Minnesota companies less likely to split the chairman and CEO roles. Fortune 500 companies now split the chairman and CEO more than half the time, but Minnesota companies are slightly less likely to do so. Blogs January 26 Winona's Merchants Bank is a proxy for stronger Mn. banking industry Employee-owned Merchants Bank posted another record year in 2016, doing business from Apple Valley to the southeast corner of Minnesota. It's a good performer in a Minnesota bank trade that is leaner but more productive and profitable over the last several years. Blogs January 23 Minnesota's NFL and Olympian apparel firm, WSI Sports, teams with LYM to make hats for cancer patients Eagan-based WSI Sports partners with Love Your Melon (LYM), a Minneapolis firm that makes warm hats for kids battling cancer. Top Stories Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota 1:17am Ruling expected next week after 2 days of hearings for 10 suspended Gophers players Jan. 27 Sen. Franken hears criticism of Trump ed nominee DeVos Jan. 27 Most Read Extended Midwinter Weather Siesta - Mild Streak Now 17 Months/Row at MSP • Blogs Supernaturally Quiet and "Average" - Perils of Vacation Weather Shaming • Blogs Meijer, Lucky's, 365 look to enter Twin Cities grocery scene • Blogs Sherman, Mortenson and newcomer Saturday Properties bid for Guthrie Liner Parcel • Blogs More diverse suppliers one legacy of U.S. Bancorp's Richard Davis • Blogs World Al-Shabab, Kenya claim dozens of deaths in Somalia attack Warnings of rising xenophobia on Holocaust remembrance day Nation Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Brutal western US winter has been terrible for animals Politics Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Dubnyk's family savors moment of NHL All-Star trip Wild assistant coach Stevens, former coach Lemaire among NHL's 100 Greatest Wolves Wolves' increase in assists a positive sign Video shows why people mourn LaVine's decision to skip dunk contest Gophers Gophers pressing for a victory as No. 22 Maryland comes to town Gophers headed for North Star Cup third-place game after loss to UMD Celebrities Willie Nelson cancels 2 of 5 Las Vegas shows due to illness 'Mannix' star Mike Connors dies at 91 Vikings Vikings' Bridgewater still rehabbing with no set timeline to return Mailbag: Cordarrelle Patterson to running back? Issues beyond Peterson? poll Poll: Who should get the most minutes at point guard for the Wolves? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Best thing about new 'Star Wars'? Girls like me won't have to play Chewbacca Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Fans flock to Oak Grill, Skyroom as 113-year Minneapolis tradition ends From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Home News Articles NYSE:ABBV AbbVie's revenue miss clouds strong Humira US sales Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 14:17 27 Jan 2017 AbbVie Inc shares were lower on Friday after the pharma reported quarterly adjusted revenue that missed analysts' estimates as weaker-than-expected sales of its hepatitis C treatment and cancer therapy overshadowed strong US demand for its flagship drug, Humira Is AbbVie's test tube half full or half empty? Abbvie Inc (NYSE:ABBV) shares were lower on Friday after the pharma reported quarterly adjusted revenue that missed analysts' estimates as weaker-than-expected sales of its hepatitis C treatment and cancer therapy overshadowed strong US demand for its flagship drug, Humira. The company's shares were down 2.4% at $59.80 on Friday, erasing more than $2.5bn of its market value. AbbVie has sharpened its focus on oncology to reduce its reliance on Humira. The company bought Pharmacyclics and its half-ownership of the leukemia drug, Imbruvica, for $21bn in 2015. Sales of the drug, which is also sold by Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), fell short of fourth-quarter expectations, partly due to an inventory issue. However, AbbVie said it expects 2017 Imbruvica sales of $2.4bn, up from $1.83bn last year. Sales of Abbvie's hepatitis C treatment, Vikiera Pak, also missed estimates, hurt by competition from Gilead Sciences Inc (NASDAQ:GILD) and Merck & Co Inc (NYSE:MRK). The company forecast full-year Vikiera sales of $1bn, below the $1.52bn the drug yielded last year. The sales expectations come when investors are already jittery about looming biosimilar competition for Humira, the world's top-selling drug as well as uncertainties around the sector if US President Donald Trump carries out his threat to stamp on high-rise drug prices. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version George Matlock Register here to be notified of future ABBV Company articles View full ABBV profile Abbvie Timeline Article October 30 2015 AbbVie surges after raising long-term guidance View All Related Articles Akers Biosciences loads bases with European breath scan patent November 10 2016 Patent safeguards the technology at the heart of the device that offers a non-invasive method of monitoring diabetes. finnCap has a good gut feeling about OptiBiotix Tue The City broker says OptiBiotix is “well-positioned” to be a leader in the growing microbiome space Constellation Healthcare Technologies: Consolidating a complex and fragmented market March 24 2016 Constellation has identified a significant market opportunity in healthcare billing management. RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Abbvie View full company profile At AbbVie, we have the expertise of a proven pharmaceutical leader and the focus and passion of an entrepreneur and innovator. The result is something rare in health care today – a global biopharmaceutical company that has the ability to discover and advance... Read more At AbbVie, we have the expertise of a proven pharmaceutical leader and the focus and passion of an entrepreneur and innovator. The result is something rare in health care today – a global biopharmaceutical company that has the ability to discover and advance innovative therapies and meet the health needs of people and societies around the globe. Hide text Proactive Investors Recommended Akers Biosciences loads bases with European breath scan patent Advanced Oncotherapy: Hadron Collider to Harley Street Deltex's US arm ready to lead as 30 hospitals sign up International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 8:29pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Business events scheduled for the coming week 7:25 AM Saturday Jan 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Business events and economic reports scheduled for the coming week: All times are Eastern. MONDAY, Jan. 30 WASHINGTON " Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for December, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for December, 10 a.m. TUESDAY, Jan. 31 WASHINGTON " Standard & Poor's releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for November, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates. Aetna Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Pfizer Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. United Parcel Service Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. WEDNESDAY, Feb. 1 WASHINGTON " Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. DETROIT " Automakers release vehicle sales for January. Continued below. Related Content Foreign students left in lurch Niki Bezzant: Does a bit of butter butter better? Your views: Readers' letters Altria Group Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Facebook Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. THURSDAY, Feb. 2 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. LONDON " Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON " Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO " Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI " RBI decision on interest rates. Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. FRIDAY, Feb. 3 WASHINGTON " Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. LONDON " Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO " Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Mount lead Eastern Region champs Mt Maunganui have pulled out to an early lead during the first day of competition at… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… Bite Grilled veges with sesame sauce This makes a great vegetarian side dish. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 28 Jan 2017 22:33:55 Processing Time: 42ms
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States GE, Exxon, Boeing Sink DJIA on Monday By Paul Ausick January 23, 2017 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet January 23, 2017: Markets opened slightly higher Monday but shares soon dipped below the break-even line and spent the rest of the day in the red. Most sectors are trading in the red, led by energy and industrials. Of S&P’s 11 sectors only real-estate is trade solidly in the green. WTI crude oil for March delivery settled at $52.75 a barrel, down about 0.9% on the day. February gold added 0.9% on the day to settle at $1,215.60. Equities were headed for a lower close close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.08% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.19%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.01%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Monday was General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) which traded down 2.78% at $29.68. The stock’s 52-week range is $76.55 to $90.33. Volume was about 50% higher than the daily average of around 32 million shares. The company had no specific news, but last Friday’s earnings report continues to weigh on the shares.. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded down 1.07% at $61.86. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97 to $65.46. Volume was about 30% lower than the daily average of around 11.6 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) traded down 1.06% at $84.98. The stock’s 52-week range is $73.55 to $95.55. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 11.3 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 0.92% at $158.07. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $160.30. Volume was 15% below the daily average of around 3.5 million shares. The company had no specific news, but continuing noises about a trade war with China are not good for Boeing. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 11 are on track to close higher Friday and 19 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why This Seizure Drug Matters So Much for Marinus Pharma Teva, Gilead Sciences Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets States With the Best (and Worst) Schools America's Best States to Live In Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? Earnings Growth Returns, Will it Continue? U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Wells Fargo Complaints Vanish From Labor Department Website Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 31 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump taps Mich. business leaders for jobs initiative Initial meetings are expected to include Whilpool Chairman and CEO Jeff Fettig; Ford CEO and President Mark Fields; Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk; and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumk and AFL-CIO Deputy Chief of Staff Thea Lee, among others. Post to Facebook Trump taps Mich. business leaders for jobs initiative Initial meetings are expected to include Whilpool Chairman and CEO Jeff Fettig; Ford CEO and President Mark Fields; Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk; and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumk and AFL-CIO Deputy Chief of Staff Thea Lee, among others.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2kbipMu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 37 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump taps Mich. business leaders for jobs initiative Melissa Nann Burke, and Michael Wayland 11:19 a.m. ET Jan. 27, 2017 Buy Photo Donald Trump and Dow Chemical chairman Andrew Liveris shake hands at a December rally. Liveris is organizing the business meetings. (Photo: Dale G. Young / The Detroit News)Buy Photo trump The White House is including several Michigan business leaders, from Ford Motor Co., Whirlpool Corp. and Dow Chemical Co., in an initiative to boost manufacturing jobs. President Donald Trump plans to hold a series of meetings organized by Dow Chairman and CEO Andrew Liveris with business leaders "to share their experiences and gain their insights," according to the White House. "President Trump plans to continually seek information and perspectives from a diverse range of business leaders ... on how best to promote job growth and get Americans back to work again," the administration said in a statement Friday. In addition to Liveris, the initial meetings are expected to include Whirlpool Chairman and CEO Jeff Fettig; Ford CEO and President Mark Fields; Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk; and AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka and AFL-CIO Deputy Chief of Staff Thea Lee, among others. Officials with some companies did not immediately respond for comment on their executives being part of the group, which will be a working panel of business leaders for the White House but will not issue policy recommendations. “The Manufacturing Jobs Initiative will offer perspectives and information to President Trump and his Administration on a variety of policy priorities that will spur job growth and productivity in the U.S. manufacturing sector,” a Dow spokeswoman said in a statement Friday. “This diverse group of leading manufacturing CEOs and Labor leaders will help identify and work with experts from across the country to make U.S. manufacturing more competitive. The work of the Initiative members will be a major step in helping the U.S. reclaim its role as the world's manufacturing leader.” The AFL-CIO’s Trumka, in a statement to The Detroit News, said he looks “forward to working on this bipartisan issue to ensure that our country continues to be a leader on manufacturing innovation, as well as the creation of good jobs.” “For too long, American manufacturing workers have seen their industries and communities decimated by misguided trade policies and inadequate investments in skills and infrastructure,” he said. “I know that American workers are the best, the brightest and the hardest working.” Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said in a statement that Fields “welcomes the opportunity to offer perspective on how the Trump Administration’s policies can support U.S. manufacturing and American jobs.” The manufacturing initiative comes a day after the White House said Trump would consider paying for a border wall with Mexico — estimated to cost up to $15 billion — by imposing a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico. If Trump proposed such a plan and if it was approved by Congress, it would deal a blow to Detroit’s three automakers, which have factories in Mexico that export vehicles not only to foreign countries but also to the United States. It is among a buffet of options under consideration, administration officials stressed later Thursday. Trump sat down this week with several business leaders, including the CEOS from Detroit’s automaker on Tuesday. Fields as well as Liveris and others also met with Trump Monday to discuss business, followed by a meeting between Trump and several organized labor leaders. Musk also was named last month to a Strategic and Policy Forum that frequently will advise Trump on economic issues and jobs growth. Others included in the group were General Motors’ CEO Mary Barra, Uber Technologies CEO Travis Kalanick and PepsiCo. CEO Indra Nooyi, among others. Both Fields and Barra have previously said they look forward to working with Trump and the new administration. The full list of initial business leaders assisting with the Manufacturing Jobs Initiative include: Andrew Liveris, The Dow Chemical Co. Bill Brown, Harris Corp. Michael Dell, Dell Technologies John Ferriola, Nucor Corp. Jeff Fettig, Whirlpool Corp. Mark Fields, Ford Motor Co. Ken Frazier, Merck & Co. Inc. Alex Gorsky, Johnson & Johnson Greg Hayes, United Technologies Corp. Marillyn Hewson, Lockheed Martin Corp. Jeff Immelt, General Electric Jim Kamsickas, Dana Inc. Klaus Kleinfeld, Arconic Brian Krzanich, Intel Corp. Rich Kyle, The Timken Co. Thea Lee, AFL-CIO Mario Longhi, U.S. Steel Denise Morrison, Campbell Soup Co. Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing Elon Musk, Tesla Doug Oberhelman, Caterpillar Scott Paul, Alliance for American Manufacturing Kevin Plank, Under Armour Michael Polk, Newell Brands Mark Sutton, International Paper Inge Thulin, 3M Richard Trumka, AFL-CIO Wendell Weeks, Corning mburke@detroitnews.com Detroit News staff writer Ian Thibodeau contributed 31 CONNECTTWEET 3 LINKEDIN 37 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2kbipMu TOP VIDEOS DPD seeks help to identify suspect in malicious destruction at gas station 0:23 Detroit Department of Elections 'vindicated' 3:13 Man wrongly accused of fraud by Michigan speaks out 2:22 President's immigration policies criticized 4:16 Warren city council meeting 3:52 Family speaks out at drunk driver's sentencing 6:46 Suspects sought in robbery of assisted living facility in Detroit 0:20 Thunderbirds to fly over Selfridge this summer 1:15 Thousands of women march, dance in Detroit's 'Sister March' 2:09 Metro Detroit residents head to Women's March in Washington 1:48
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 27, 2017January 27, 2017 by Press Release Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) – 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025 – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the “Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) – 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025” report to their offering. Lung cancer is currently is the most common cause of death from cancer worldwide. Of total lung cancer incident cases, approximately 85% are the non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) subtype. NSCLC patients are usually diagnosed in the later stages of the disease, with poor prognosis. Historically, treatment options for advanced-stage NSCLC patients have been dominated by chemotherapy. However, the launch of targeted therapies such as Iressa (gefitinib) in 2003, Tarceva (erlotinib) in 2004, and Xalkori (crizotinib) in 2011, has shifted the treatment landscape towards personalized medicine. In 2015, the NSCLC market in the 5EU was an estimated $1.53B. This growth is fueled by the increasing use of immunotherapies across histologies and lines of therapy in NSCLC. Particularly, the use of PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors in first-line therapy of NSCLC is expected to take away significant sales from conventional chemotherapies that are typically used in the first line. Merck & Co.’s Keytruda is the current front-runner in the first-line setting, as it’s already approved as a monotherapy for =50% PD-L1+ patients, and is showing benefit in combination with chemotherapy regardless of PD-L1 expression. Scope – Overview of NSCLC including epidemiology, etiology, symptoms, diagnosis, pathology and treatment guidelines as well as an overview on the competitive landscape. – Detailed information on the key drugs in 5EU including product description, safety and efficacy profiles as well as a SWOT analysis. – Sales forecast for the top drugs in 5EU from 2015-2025. – Analysis of the impact of key events as well the drivers and restraints affecting 5EU NSCLC market. Key Topics Covered: 1 Tables & Figures 2 Introduction 3 Disease Overview 4 Disease Management 5 Competitive Assessment 6 Unmet Needs Assessment and Opportunity Analysis 7 Pipeline Assessment 8 Market Outlook 9 Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qwj94b/nonsmall_cell CategoriessatPRnews TagsCO, Current, Stage Post navigation Previous PostPrevious First Choice Bank Declares $0.20 as the Initiation of a Quarterly Cash Dividend Next PostNext Aluminum Chlorohydrate Market Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2016-2021 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Market Stance of Global Rosin Size Forecasted for the Period of 2016-2021 January 28, 2017 1 USD Buy Launched One Dollar Laptop Along with Many Other Low-Cost Products January 28, 2017 Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad January 28, 2017 Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel January 28, 2017 Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided January 28, 2017 Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves January 28, 2017 Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America January 28, 2017 New Floors from Syracuse Flooring America Transform Any Room Quickly & Efficiently January 28, 2017 Baby Play Mats Get Safer and Adorable with the New Online Store, Bubble and Bee January 28, 2017 Explore New Ways to Upgrade a Home During the Red Carpet Clearance Sale at Noel Maestri’s Flooring America in Covington, LA January 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos: Polar Bear Plunge 2017 The Armoury What's new with Baltimore sports apparel maker Under Armour Business The Armoury Under Armour's Kevin Plank is part of Trump's ongoing manufacturing jobs initiative Jeff BarkerContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun Plank likely to make return White House visits as part of Trump's job creation panel The White House today released a list of 28 business leaders -- including Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank -- it said will be part of President Trump's ongoing manufacturing jobs initiative. The initiative is part of the president's overall job creation agenda. "President Trump plans to continually seek information and perspectives from a diverse range of business leaders," the White House release said, "on how best to promote job growth and get Americans back to work again."  While the group is expected to offer input, the White House said it will not seek a consensus of the members on specific recommendations. Among the business leaders participating are Plank, Bill Brown of Harris Corp., Michael Dell of Dell Technologies, Jeff Fettig of Whirlpool Corp., Mark Fields of Ford Motor Co., Andrew Liveris of the Dow Chemical Co., Mario Longhi of U.S. Steel and Ken Frazier of Merck & Co. Under Armour founder Kevin Plank was among the business leaders that met with President Donald Trump in the White House on the new Commander in Chief's first weekday in the Oval Office. The first series of meetings were organized by Liveris. The release did not specify how frequently the group would convene. It said the attendees "may or may not change from session to session, but the specific agenda subjects will likely change because of the importance of this issue to the American economy and its workers." On Monday, Plank attended the group's first meeting. “Under Armour is committed to developing innovative ways for businesses to support and invest in American manufacturing," said Diane Pelkey, Under Armour senior vice president for global communications. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Kevin Plank White House Under Armour Kevin Plank reflects on early days when he was flat broke Kevin Plank, other business leaders meet with Trump Under Armour describes how athletes are picked for 'signature' shoes Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 35°
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) – 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025 – Research and Markets 27 January 2017Military News DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) – 5EU Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025” report to their offering. Lung cancer is currently is the most common cause of death from cancer worldwide. Of total lung cancer incident cases, approximately 85% are the non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) subtype. NSCLC patients are usually diagnosed in the later stages of the disease, with poor prognosis. Historically, treatment options for advanced-stage NSCLC patients have been dominated by chemotherapy. However, the launch of targeted therapies such as Iressa (gefitinib) in 2003, Tarceva (erlotinib) in 2004, and Xalkori (crizotinib) in 2011, has shifted the treatment landscape towards personalized medicine. In 2015, the NSCLC market in the 5EU was an estimated $1.53B. This growth is fueled by the increasing use of immunotherapies across histologies and lines of therapy in NSCLC. Particularly, the use of PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors in first-line therapy of NSCLC is expected to take away significant sales from conventional chemotherapies that are typically used in the first line. Merck & Co.’s Keytruda is the current front-runner in the first-line setting, as it’s already approved as a monotherapy for =50% PD-L1+ patients, and is showing benefit in combination with chemotherapy regardless of PD-L1 expression. Scope – Overview of NSCLC including epidemiology, etiology, symptoms, diagnosis, pathology and treatment guidelines as well as an overview on the competitive landscape. – Detailed information on the key drugs in 5EU including product description, safety and efficacy profiles as well as a SWOT analysis. – Sales forecast for the top drugs in 5EU from 2015-2025. – Analysis of the impact of key events as well the drivers and restraints affecting 5EU NSCLC market. Key Topics Covered: 1 Tables & Figures 2 Introduction 3 Disease Overview 4 Disease Management 5 Competitive Assessment 6 Unmet Needs Assessment and Opportunity Analysis 7 Pipeline Assessment 8 Market Outlook 9 Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qwj94b/nonsmall_cell Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged front Uncategorized Post navigation Two Day Nasal Drug Delivery Conference (London, United Kingdom – April 6-7, 2017) – Research and Markets Unregistered gas fitter fined Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Depression Drug Market By 2020 Set for Rapid Growth, To Reach Around 11.3 USD Billion 27 January 2017Military News The report covers forecast and analysis for the depression drug market on a global and regional level. The study provides historic data of 2014 along with a forecast from 2015 to 2020 based revenue (USD Million). The study includes drivers and restraints for the depression drug market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period. Additionally, the report includes study of opportunities available in the depression drug market on a global level. Request Sample Report: bit.ly/1pwZCta In order to give the users of this report a comprehensive view on the depression drug market, we have included a detailed competitive scenario, and product portfolio of key vendors. To understand the competitive landscape in the market, an analysis of Porter’s five forces model for the depression drug market has also been included. The study encompasses a market attractiveness analysis, wherein application segments are benchmarked based on their market size, growth rate and general attractiveness. The study provides a decisive view on the depression drug market by segmenting the market based class and region. The different classs of depression also have different symptoms, including major or clinical depressive disorder, postpartum depression, dysthymic disorder, psychotic depression and seasonal affective disorder. Depending upon class global depression drug market is segmented as anticonvulsants, serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), beta-blockers, benzodiazepines, tetracyclic antidepressants (TeCAs) and monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) among others. The regional segmentation includes the current and forecast demand for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa with its further bifurcation into major countries including U.S. Germany, France, UK, China, Japan, India and Brazil. Do Inquiry before buying: bit.ly/2dfYMPN The report covers detailed competitive outlook including company profiles of the key participants operating in the global market. Key players profiled in the report include Forest Laboratories, AstraZeneca, GlaxoSmithKline, Abbott Laboratories, H. Lundbeck, Novartis, SK Biopharmaceuticals, Naurex Merck & Co., and Eli Lilly and Company. This report segments the global drug depression market as follows: Global Depression Drug Market: Class Segment Analysis Atypical Antipsychotics Tricyclic Antidepressants Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors Serotonin-Norepinephrine Reuptake Inhibitors Tetracyclic Antidepressants Monoamine Oxidase inhibitors Benzodiazepines Others Global Depression Drug Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East and Africa Browse detail report at: www.marketresearchstore.com/report/depression-drug-market… About Us Zion Research is a market intelligence company providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Zion Research experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants uses proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact US: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: www.marketresearchstore.com This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance company general intelligence major Post navigation Vaccine Market In 2020 Set for Rapid Growth, To Reach Around USD 59.20 Billion New Report of Baby Warming Devices Industry Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2021 Search Search for: Recent Posts Cloth Diaper Company Makes an Effort to Reduce the Environmental Footprint made by Disposable Diapers City Seeks Feedback on California Nursery Historical Park Master Plan The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” Iluvit.club: Unique Service Helping People Find Great Recommendations From People With Similar Taste Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Vaccine Market In 2020 Set for Rapid Growth, To Reach Around USD 59.20 Billion 27 January 2017Military News The report covers forecast and analysis for the vaccine market on a global and regional level. The study provides historic data of 2014 along with a forecast from 2015 to 2020 based revenue (USD Million). The study includes drivers and restraints for the market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period. Additionally, the report includes study of opportunities available in the vaccine market on a global level. Request Sample Report: bit.ly/1VijEWF In order to give the users of this report a comprehensive view on the vaccine market, we have included a detailed competitive scenario, and product portfolio of key vendors. To understand the competitive landscape in the market, an analysis of Porter’s five forces model for the vaccine market has also been included. The study encompasses a market attractiveness analysis, wherein technology segments are benchmarked based on their market size, growth rate and general attractiveness. The study provides a decisive view on the vaccine market by segmenting the market based on technology, type, end-users, indication and region. Inactivated, subunit, conjugate, live attenuated, toxoid, dendritic cell and synthetic are the technological segments of the vaccine market. Preventive and therapeutic are the two types of vaccine. All the segments have been analyzed based on present and future trends and the market is estimated from 2014 to 2020. The regional segmentation includes the current and forecast demand for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa with its further bifurcation into major countries including U.S. Germany, France, UK, China, Japan, India and Brazil. Do Inquiry before buying: bit.ly/2cy108V The report covers detailed competitive outlook including company profiles of the key participants operating in the global market. Key players profiled in the report include Pfizer, CSL Limited, GlaxoSmithKline, plc, MedImmune, LLC, Novartis AG, Sanofi Pasteur, Merck and Company, Johnson and Johnson and Emergent BioSolutions Inc among others. This report segments the vaccine market as follows: Vaccine Market: Technology Segment Analysis Inactivated Subunit Conjugate Live Attenuated Toxoid Dendritic Cell Synthetic Vaccine Market: Type Segment Analysis Therapeutic vaccine Preventive vaccine Vaccine Market: End user Segment Analysis Infants Early aged Post aged Vaccine Market: Indications Segment Analysis Allergy Infectious disease Tumors Others Vaccine Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America US Europe Germany France UK Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East and Africa Browse detail report at: www.marketresearchstore.com/report/vaccine-market-z53045 About Us Zion Research is a market intelligence company providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Zion Research experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants uses proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact US: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: www.marketresearchstore.com This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance company general intelligence major Post navigation KB Home Announces the Grand Opening of Somerset Meadows in Longmont Depression Drug Market By 2020 Set for Rapid Growth, To Reach Around 11.3 USD Billion Search Search for: Recent Posts Cloth Diaper Company Makes an Effort to Reduce the Environmental Footprint made by Disposable Diapers City Seeks Feedback on California Nursery Historical Park Master Plan The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” The Decemberists Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on The Decemberists Concert Tickets for their “The Shuffling Off to Ragnarök Spring Tour 2017” Iluvit.club: Unique Service Helping People Find Great Recommendations From People With Similar Taste Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:34pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Earnings scheduled for the week of 1/30/2017 12:15 AM Saturday Jan 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Major companies tentatively scheduled to post quarterly earnings next week: TUESDAY Aetna Inc. reports earnings before the market open. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports earnings before the market open. Pfizer Inc. reports earnings before the market open. United Parcel Service Inc. reports earnings before the market open. Apple Inc. reports earnings after the market close. WEDNESDAY Altria Group Inc. reports earnings before the market open. Facebook Inc. reports earnings after the market close. THURSDAY Merck & Co. reports earnings before the market open. Amazon.com Inc. reports earnings after the market close. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports earnings after the market close. Visa Inc. reports earnings after the market close. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Mount lead Eastern Region champs Mt Maunganui have pulled out to an early lead during the first day of competition at… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… Bite Lime cheesecake with gingernut and pistachio crumb This is a lovely low-fat treat. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 28 Jan 2017 22:34:04 Processing Time: 165ms
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Temodar Market 2016-2021 (Global, Chinese) Industry Players Review News provided by ReportsnReports Jan 27, 2017, 05:00 ET Share this article PUNE, India, January 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global and Chinese Temodar Market 2016 Research Report initially provides a basic overview of the industry that covers definition, applications and manufacturing technology, post which the report explores into the international and Chinese players in the market. Complete report on Temodar market spread across 150 pages providing 8 company profiles and 98 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/798154-global-and-chinese-temodar-industry-2016-market-research-report.html . The 'Global and Chinese Temodar Industry, 2016 Market Research Report' is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Temodar market with a focus on the Chinese industry. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Temodar manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international and Chinese major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2011-2016 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global and Chinese total market of Temodar industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and Chinese import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 industry development trends of Temodar market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Temodar Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global and Chinese Temodar market covering all important parameters. Order a copy of Global and Chinese Temodar Industry, 2016 Market Research Report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=798154 . Related research titled 'Global Temozolomide Market Research Report 2016' forecasts the market analysis provided for the Global markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. With 117 tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Key Manufacturers involved in this research are Merck & Co., Inc, Tianjin Tasly Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd, Miracalus, Sun, Macleods , BMW, Cipla, Ind- Swift, Panacea, Fulford, Celon, Natco, Lunarsun, LUMMY, Jianyuan. This report focuses on Global major leading industry players providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also carried out. The Temozolomide Industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. Order a copy of this Global Temozolomide Industry Report 2015 at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=727896 . Explore more reports on the Chemicals market at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/chemicals/ . About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact:   Ritesh Tiwari UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ Magarpatta city, Hadapsar Pune - 411013 Maharashtra, India. + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us on:   Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/ReportsnReports/191441427571689 LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter: https://twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts Pinterest: http://www.pinterest.com/comeonseo/reportsnreports/ RSS/Feeds:   http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports Jan 27, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Humanized Mouse Model Market Growing at a CAGR of 9.6% During 2016 to 2021 Jan 26, 2017, 20:30 ET Preview: Walk-In Refrigerator Market Growing at a CAGR of 6.58% During 2017 to 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 27, 2017, 12:00 ETAutomated External Defibrillator (AED) Market Size, Share... Jan 27, 2017, 11:00 ETBlood Plasma Market 2017-2021 Key Regions Competitive Analysis Explore More news releases in similar topics Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Temodar Market 2016-2021 (Global, Chinese) Industry Players Review News provided by ReportsnReports Jan 27, 2017, 05:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Can President Trump overcome Republicans’ deep collusion with Big Pharma, Monsanto and the pesticide industry? Thursday, January 26, 2017 by: Ethan Huff Tags: pharmaceuticals, Republicans, Trump (Natural News) During his first press conference after winning the election, President Donald Trump made some very bold statements that, generally speaking, are uncharacteristic of the Republican Party. Rather than kowtow to pharmaceutical interests as would be expected from an establishment politician on either side of the aisle, Mr. Trump actually called drug companies to task for ripping off Americans, adding that the entire industry is “getting away with murder” as it currently functions. These piercing words from the president sent shock waves throughout the drug industry, which saw massive drops in stock value almost immediately after they were stated. Clearly frustrated with the corruption between pharmaceutical companies and the federal government that keeps drug prices high, President Trump reiterated what he’s been saying all along the campaign trail about the need for reform — a message that was also heralded by failed Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. “Pharma has a lot of lobbies, a lot of lobbyists, a lot of power. And there’s very little bidding on drugs,” President Trump remarked from Trump Tower in New York City. “We’re the largest buyer of drugs in the world, and yet we don’t bid properly. We’re going to start bidding. We’re going to save billions of dollars over a period of time.” President Trump also criticized the drug industry for manufacturing drugs in other countries where they’re cheaper to produce, only to ship them back to the U.S. to sell to Americans at top dollar. This hallmark of crony globalism, a major target in the president’s platform all throughout his campaign, is something that’s most definitely on the chopping block with the incoming administration. “Our drug industry has been disastrous,” President Trump explained before the press pool. “They’re leaving left and right. They supply our drugs but they don’t make them here, to a large extent. And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding procedures for the drug industry, because they’re getting away with murder.” (RELATED: Stay informed about Big Pharma’s illegal practices at BigPharmaNews.com) RINO Republican Paul Ryan wants to maintain Big Pharma monopoly over medicine Going against an old-guard Republican establishment that has long favored not only Big Pharma but a host of other special interest groups, including biotechnology and chemicals, won’t be an easy task. Top Republican kingpins like House Speaker Paul Ryan, for instance, are already challenging President Trump’s remarks, tacitly implying that the system is working just fine and doesn’t need to be changed. In an interview with Mike Allen of Axios, Ryan emphasized that he wants to “have more conversations” about the issue to presumably redirect President Trump’s agenda. He carefully sidestepped the gaping problems stemming from Big Pharma’s monopolistic control over medicine, instead offering up rhetoric in favor of maintaining the status quo. When asked about the president’s comments that drug companies are “politically protected, but not anymore,” Ryan remarked: “I don’t speak like that, generally speaking. I’m always looking for win-win situations, and I believe there’s a lot more we can do to bring down the price of drugs.” In other words, Paul Ryan isn’t the type of guy to take a stand against anything or anyone who pays his salary — in this case, big money interests like Monsanto and Merck. It’s the Republican way, perhaps, but not President Trump’s way, which begs the question: will the president be able to effectively overcome this deep-seated gravy train funding Republicans-in-name-only (RINOs) like Paul Ryan? (RELATED: See news about how everything is rigged at Rigged.news) ‘Conservative’ nonprofit exposed for pro-Monsanto, pro-Hillary agenda Considering the fact that so-called “conservative” groups often work in lockstep with “liberal” groups to advance the same agenda — in this case, pushing the special interest agendas of their mutual donors — accomplishing this feat could be the biggest challenge of Mr. Trump’s life. One such group, the American Enterprise Institute (AEI), was exposed late last year for helping a billionaire donor for the Hillary Clinton campaign secure — wait for it — Republican support for failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Besides the seemingly contradictory nature of such a union, the AEI, as revealed by GMWatch, is closely aligned with biotechnology giant Monsanto. No matter how you look at all this, President Trump definitely has his work cut out for him. While the drug industry is known to make large financial contributions to candidates from both political parties, historically the industry has been more focused on funding RINO Republicans, with the exception of Democrat Hillary Clinton who received, by far, the most financial support from Big Pharma during the 2016 presidential election season. “Industry PACs have given at least $4.4 million to Republicans and $2.6 million to Democrats in House Races across the primary and general elections,” news organization STAT reported back in November. “In the most competitive House contests — those rated as toss-ups or only leaning toward either party by the Cook Political Report — pharmaceutical PACs have given more than $435,000 to Republicans, a separate STAT analysis found. By comparison, the committees have given less than $70,000 to Democrats in those races.” Sources for this article include: Breitbart.com NaturalNews.com GMWatch.org CNN.com StatNews.com Previous :Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding 100% authentic hemp extract with CBD Authentic, honest and scientifically validated using breakthrough science.  IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on pharmaceuticals Can President Trump overcome Republicans’ deep collusion with Big Pharma, Monsanto and the pesticide industry? Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma Overworked pharmacist kills elderly woman within minutes by giving her wrong pills Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-26-can-president-trump-overcome-republicans-deep-collusion-with-big-pharma-monsanto-and-the-pesticide-industry.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-26-can-president-trump-overcome-republicans-deep-collusion-with-big-pharma-monsanto-and-the-pesticide-industry.html">Can President Trump overcome Republicans’ deep collusion with Big Pharma, Monsanto and the pesticide industry?</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com How antidepressants ruin your natural serotonin so you can never be happy again ... without your pills Political Darwinism explains why Leftist ideology is rapidly going extinct… failed ideas are weeded out while natural competition produces winners (and losers) - NaturalNews.com Heavy metals scientist challenges vaccine promoters to drink mercury to prove it’s safe to inject into children - NaturalNews.com Five ingredients that poison your brain President Trump silences EPA climate change propaganda ... real scientists rejoice - NaturalNews.com Oil pipelines vs. rail transport: The statistics on spills vs. safety point to a clear winner - NaturalNews.com Autoimmune disease solutions revealed - NaturalNews.com Glyphosate (RoundUp) found to cause liver disease… how much are you eating at every meal? - NaturalNews.com KFC’s new facial recognition system a disturbing cocktail of the surveillance state and a toxic food supply laced with MSG - NaturalNews.com Yet another study confirms the holistic approach to health: Diet cures disease, NOT drugs - NaturalNews.com Big Pharma’s synthetic cannabis pills are killing people ... yet authentic marijuana is still criminalized - NaturalNews.com Nuns grow spirulina for malnourished children - You can grow this superfood at home Health Ranger dismantles identity politics and reveals why “you have no right to not be offended” in latest uncensored podcasts - NaturalNews.com Self-defense is now ILLEGAL in the UK Magic beans: Coffee protects against age-related inflammation - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com The ten false fears of the unhinged left that have transformed once-productive citizens into quivering mounds of Trump-a-noia - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com President Trump just banned federal funding of abortions - NaturalNews.com Scientists shocked to learn that shingles vaccines can transform vaccinated people into “carriers” who spread infectious disease - NaturalNews.com Beware: US salmon may be crawling with Japanese tapeworm, say scientists - NaturalNews.com Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com WINNING: Ten highly effective ways President Trump and Kellyanne Conway can win the war against the dishonest, America-hating left-wing news cartels - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Why President Trump should issue an Interpol arrest warrant for George Soros - NaturalNews.com Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com Fake news: Mainstream media already caught reporting 3 lies on President Trump’s first day - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com Panic attacks, anxiety linked to low vitamin B and iron levels: Study Frankincense oil kills cancer cells while boosting the immune system, studies show The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com Walking your children home from school and driving while caffeinated are now felony crimes in police state America - NaturalNews.com Obama trying to start WWIII before Jan. 20; feds “probe” Drudge Report with DDoS attack; NaturalNews and InfoWars targeted for cyber attack take downs - NaturalNews.com Two of the world’s most evil people – Bill Gates and George Soros – behind Facebook’s news censorship agenda - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Forbes.com hit piece on Natural News backfires: Health Ranger confirmed as world’s most powerful foe of corporate science fraud - NaturalNews.com Draining the Pharma swamp: Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma’s monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding for government drug purchase contracts - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com 10 brands of baby wipes recalled due to pneumonia-causing bacteria contamination The only prediction that really matters for 2017: The global debt collapse begins, followed by the rise of fascist, totalitarian government - NaturalNews.com CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Electoral voter death threats backfire: Hillary Clinton loses four, Donald Trump wins in an electoral landslide - NaturalNews.com Ten horrifying ingredients that prove McDonald’s is not fit for consumption - NaturalNews.com Trump takes aim at vaccines, names Robert F. Kennedy Jr. head of new commission to expose dangers of mercury preservative (Thimerosal) - NaturalNews.com Now you can HEAR chemistry: Health Ranger translates molecules into music in stunning video demonstration that will blow your mind (and your ears) - NaturalNews.com California just decriminalized child prostitutes beginning Jan 1… “legalization” stirs outrage - NaturalNews.com Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Five ingredients that poison your brain Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Globalist war against humanity shifts into high gear: Cars, cash, literature and independent news all targeted for elimination 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night Health News 25 Powerful Anti-Inflammatory Herbs and Spices (Blogs.naturalnews.com) From Anxiety to Addiction: The Top 10 Uses of CBD Oil (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Garlic and Raw Milk Treat Pneumonia, Asthma, Insomnia, Cough, Arthritis, and Cardiac Problems (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 5 Food Ingredients That Damage Your Brain (Blogs.naturalnews.com) De-Stress Your Life (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 10 Magnesium Oil Benefits (How to make your own magnesium oil) (Blogs.naturalnews.com) AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So I still remember the conversation. In fact, I can “see” it in my mind. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Stocks to Watch Today: TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY), Rite Aid Corp. (RAD) Message: URL: http://mney.co/2jQDxaj seven  ×  3  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Stocks to Watch Today: TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY), Rite Aid Corp. (RAD) Message: URL: http://mney.co/2jQDxaj five  ×  7  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Stocksno responses Stocks to Watch Today: TransDigm Group Inc. (TDG), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (BMY), Rite Aid Corp. (RAD) By Ashley Moore, Associate Editor, Money Morning • January 23, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 8  −  seven  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The top stocks to watch today (Monday) include pharmacy Rite Aid Corp. (NYSE: RAD), pharmaceutical company Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY), and airplane parts manufacturer TransDigm Group Inc. (NYSE: TDG). President Trump is set to make good on at least one of his "Day One" promises from the campaign trail. Today he is set to sign an executive order to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). What the new agreement will look like has not been released, but President Trump has promised tariffs on companies importing goods manufactured in Mexico. Another campaign promise of President Trump is to bring down the cost of military aircraft. This could spell trouble for one of our stocks to watch today. Here are three top stocks to watch today… Stocks to Watch Today: TransDigm Group Inc. (NYSE: TDG) TransDigm stock is down almost 10% amid allegations of unethical business practices. The company is accused of buying smaller airplane parts companies, laying off the staff, and jacking up prices. Urgent: These Are the Best Stocks to Buy for January 2017 This practice has made TransDigm the leading supplier of airplane parts. It has also saddled the company with large amounts of debt. With President Trump determined to lower the price for military aircraft, the company could be facing disaster. The debt load of the company, coupled with downward parts price pressure, could destroy TransDigm's profitability. TransDigm stock is currently trading at $226.90, down 8.86% year to date (YTD). Stocks to Watch Today: Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) Bristol-Myers stock is down more than 11% after the company announced it will not seek accelerated approval for its lung cancer treatment on Friday. The company is facing competition from Merck and Co. (NYSE: MRK), so investors expected Bristol-Myers to get accelerated approval to beat Merck to market with a combination lung cancer therapy that is comprised of two key drugs, Yervoy and Opdivo. Optivo is currently approved for non-small cell lung cancer treatment. The company was expected to seek accelerated approval for the combination of Yervoy and Opdivo. The move would add billions in revenue if it were approved. Bristol-Myers stock is currently trading at $49.23, down 15.76% YTD. Stocks to Watch Today: Rite Aid Corp. (NYSE: RAD) Rite Aid stock fell 13.26% after Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc.'s (Nasdaq: WBA) attempt to pacify the FTC's antitrust parameters was denied. Walgreens agreed to sell almost 900 stores to Fred's Inc. to pacify antitrust claims, but there are still concerns that the commitment will not be enough to keep the market competitive. The deadline to complete the Rite Aid buyout is less than one week away. This setback causes concerns that the deal will not take place. Currently, Rite Aid stock is trading at $7.46, a loss of 9.47% YTD. Editor's Note: Timing is everything when it comes to making money in markets – and this new, free service we created puts timing on your side… Follow Money Morning on Facebook and Twitter. Related Articles: Bloomberg: Antitrust Concerns May Prevent Walgreens-Rite Aid Merger FOX Business: Bristol-Myers Squibb Not Seeking Accelerated Approval Seeking Alpha: TransDigm Unethical Business Practices Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: stocks to watch Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  ×  9  =  45 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading StrategiesJPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading StrategiesWhat I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 TechnologyI Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter TechnologyThe Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Investing IdeasThis Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing IdeasIf You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing IdeasTrump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say OilWhy You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline OilYou're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy OilDon't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News January 27, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Falls After Weak Q4 GDP Report January 27, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump's Cabinet Net Worth: 30 Times That of George W.'s Cabinet January 27, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Trending Posts 9468 Reads 65 Likes Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Michael released his extremely bullish marijuana investing forecast for the year. Now, we're seeing legislative "pushback" in some states. But the outlook for the industry is even stronger than it was... 8903 Reads 97 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Jan. 23) What are the top marijuana stocks to watch this week? Here's everything you need to know... Today's Markets DJIA -7.13 (0.04%) 20,093.78 NASDAQ 5.60 (0.10%) 5,660.78 S&P -1.99 (0.09%) 2,294.69 RAD 0.15 (2.21%) 6.93 BMY 0.92 (1.96%) 47.74 TDG 0.90 (0.41%) 219.00 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
--> 
		President Trump has Bills' Hall of Famer Jim Kelly's support. Here's why. - The Buffalo News	 Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Obituaries Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout President Trump has Bills' Hall of Famer Jim Kelly's support. Here's why. Jim Kelly said President Donald Trump stood by his family while he was undergoing cancer treatments. (Buffalo News file photo/Harry Scull Jr.) By Jay Skurski Published Thu, Jan 26, 2017 Updated Thu, Jan 26, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL Donald Trump has Jim Kelly's support. The Buffalo Bills' Hall of Fame quarterback explained why during an appearance on Fox Business' "Varney & Co." this week. Host Stuart Varney asked Kelly if he supported our country's new president, and Kelly indicated that he does. "When I was going through my cancer fight ... he provided my family and friends with a place to stay, his apartments. He took care of my whole family," Kelly said of Trump. "Donald did that for my whole family. There were days when I would come to New York City. I'd give him a call, and I'd go up and we'd sit there and shoot the bull, have a little fun." Kelly and Trump have known each other for more than 30 years, dating to when the quarterback played for the Houston Gamblers of the United States Football League. Trump owned the New Jersey Generals at the time, and purchased the Gamblers after the 1985 season. The league folded before Kelly would ever play for Trump. "Everybody has their personal opinions," Kelly said. "I'm not here to say yes or no, but yes, I like Donald. He's been very good to my family. We all make mistakes and I'm sure he's made a few, but I'm happy for him." Buffalo in the '90s: Donald Trump, Jim Kelly and Zubaz Kelly appeared on the show to promote the promotional campaign he has developed with pharmaceutical company Merck and various cancer organizations. Titled "Your Cancer Game Plan," the campaign stresses the importance of maintaining a positive attitude in the face of a cancer diagnosis. "I’m sitting here today and being able to talk about it," Kelly said, "and, hopefully, be a difference maker for others out there -- that you don’t want them to give up.” The complete video of Kelly's appearance is below: Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2016 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
Menu Search Home Biotech Diagnostics Health IT Medical Devices Payers Pharma Policy & Regulation Providers Population Health Events About Us Advertising Contact us Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email Everyone everywhere could only dream of a customer like this Innovation in ADHD: Is it just more of the same? Appeals court rules that stolen laptops class action against payer can proceed Everybody Else Is Reading This Jounce Therapeutics prices IPO beyond expectations (Updated) Health IT, device vendors called lax on security certification Venrock raises a comfortable $450M for fund 8 Robotic sleeve shows promise against heart failure For J&J, $30B Actelion deal is less about synergies, more about future promise Verily eyes overseas markets with $800M infusion from Singapore HHS scientists get in on ‘rogue’ social media Celgene acquires autoimmune startup Delinia for $775M What would Republican ACA replacement plan look like? Everybody Else Is Reading This The decades-long battle for better outcomes in glioblastoma Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email MedCity News Patient Engagement Healthcare Convergence Investing & Startups Big Data Precision Medicine Events Connect with investors and startups at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago. Save $500 by 1/31 – Register NOW. Join us at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago – meet and connect with investors and innovative health care startups. Get best rate NOW. Biotech, Pharma For J&J, $30B Actelion deal is less about synergies, more about future promise By Arundhati Parmar Post a comment / Jan 26, 2017 at 3:28 PM Shares3 The rationale for big deals in the devices sector in the past few years has been about synergies. Think about the $49 billion mega-merger of Medtronic and Covidien. Or the combination of Biomet and Zimmer. But in the world of Big Pharma, especially in the last few years, acquisitions are about finding new markets and growth as patent cliffs loom. Johnson & Johnson’s $30 billion purchase of Swiss biotech firm Actelion should be seen in that light. Synergy is more of an afterthought in this deal. Here’s a quick breakdown of the transaction announced Thursday: J&J will pay $30 billion ($280 per Actelion share) in cash to acquire Actelion, mainly known for drugs treating pulmonary arterial hypertension. A new unnamed (NewCoR&D) company will be spun out in which the New Brunswick company will have a 16 percent equity stake that will work on pipeline products. They will include treatments for specialty cardiovascular disorders, central nervous system disorders, immunological disorders and orphan diseases. “The main reason of this deal is to continue to build on the strength of the pulmonary hypertension franchise and the late-stage pipelines of Ponesimod, Cadazolid as well as the agreement to commercialize the ACT 577,”said Joaquin Duato, executive vice president and worldwide chairman, J&J, according to a webcast of a press conference held at the company’s headquarters in Switzerland. “Synergies will play a small role and they will come mainly from administrative areas.” Ponesimod and Cadazolid are drugs being developed to tackle multiple sclerosis and Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea. ACT-577 is a resistant hypertension drug in Phase II trials. The new research company is expected to be spun out in June and floated in the Swiss exchange. J&J’s move is to shore up Big Pharma’s position in new markets even though the price tag is high. “While some investors may question the price JNJ is paying for Actelion, the deal reflects the scarcity value of assets large enough to move the needle on revenue and EPS (earnings per share) growth,” wrote Glenn Novarro, an RBC Capital Markets analyst, in a research note. In other words, there aren’t a lot of biotechs out there that can provide immediate and noteworthy revenue upside. But J&J’s chief financial officer pushed back on this idea of how some investors are viewing this deal. “We have higher expectations on the penetration and the expansion of these products that maybe currently anticipated by the investor community and that’s a result of our in-depth discussions with Actelion, our review of the potential here and so we feel very confident that there is plenty of upside over and above what’s been currently modeled,” said Dominic Caruso, according to a transcript of a conference call from Seeking Alpha. There is a reason for investor concern. Patents of blockbuster drugs expiring mean more generic competition for Big Pharma. The mood was best captured at a morning reception during J.P Morgan’s annual healthcare conference in San Francisco recently. After attendees responded that large pharma companies won’t see growth much at all in 2017, a Merck executive explained that as a result, dealmaking for biotechs will be up. “So then the corollary becomes, ‘what do you do to fix it’ and that’s when you pay too much for a biotech company,” declared Sunil Patel, vice president and head of corporate development at Merck. J&J may have paid too much, but one good news that J&J is that there are no U.S. tax implications. “The purchase at $30B is more than steep and the contribution to J&J’s top-line outlook is de minimis, but because it effectively puts the company’s OUS cash to work, it is easily accretive,” wrote Michael Weinstein, an analyst with J.P. Morgan, in a research note Thursday. Photo: freedigitalphotos user renjith krishnan   Shares3 Topics Big Pharma, Johnson & Johnson, M&A, New Brunswick, New Jersey Verily eyes overseas markets with $800M infusion from Singapore Robotic sleeve shows promise against heart failure Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. No comments GOT NEWS? SEND US A TIP  MedCity >> Inbox Get the latest industry news first when you subscribe to our daily newsletter. Promoted eyeforpharma’s 2nd Annual Data & Technology in Clinical Trials summit eyeforpharma’s Data and Technology in Clinical Trials summit, 2017 is the number one meeting for clinical experts, all dedicated to radically transforming trials for patients, sites and sponsors. Taking place February 21-22 at the Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown hotel. This meeting is bringing together some of the most innovative clinical minds from Sanofi, Pfizer, Merck, Amgen, Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, amongst others; covering all aspects of where innovative approaches to data and technology can advance clinical trials.  Register here. eyeforpharma From the MedCity Team Everyone everywhere could only dream of a customer like this Arundhati Parmar  |  3:48 pm, January 27 Jounce Therapeutics prices IPO beyond expectations (Updated) Stephanie Baum  |  10:37 am, January 27 Innovation in ADHD: Is it just more of the same? Juliet Preston  |  3:46 pm, January 27 Health IT, device vendors called lax on security certification Neil Versel  |  8:45 am, January 27 Promoted Is your startup ready to pitch NFL owners, sports-focused VCs and medical professionals? The National Football League (NFL) is looking for promising innovations to help advance the game of football and the safety of its players. The NFL and the Texas Medical Center (TMC) are hosting a pitch competition to uncover the next breakthrough innovations in sports technology: 1st and Future. If this describes the goals of your company, this pitch competition is for you. Apply for the biggest sports-tech pitch competition of the year. The National Football League × Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Shares3
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Cervical surgery for pre-cancer tied to preemies and small babies Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Thu Jan 26, 2017 | 12:03pm EST Cervical surgery for pre-cancer tied to preemies and small babies By Lisa Rapaport (Reuters Health) - - Women who get surgery to treat precancerous abnormalities on their cervix are more likely to have premature or low-birth weight babies than women who don’t have these procedures, a recent study suggests. Researchers focused on women with a common condition known as cervical dysplasia, abnormal tissue growth that is typically caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV). Milder cases of dysplasia may go away on their own, but doctors often surgically remove abnormal tissue in more severe cases to help prevent the condition from progressing to full-blown cervical cancer. “Women who have already had the surgery to remove pre-cancerous lesions may want to wait a while to get pregnant, as we found the risk of pre-term birth increased even more if women gave birth within a year of their surgery,” said study co-author Allison Naleway, of the Kaiser Permanente Center for Health Research in Portland, Oregon. In the study, researchers examined data on pregnancy outcomes for 4,307 women who didn’t have cervical procedures and compared them to 322 women who had surgery to remove precancerous tissue and another 847 women who had cervical biopsies to investigate abnormalities. Women who had surgeries that cut out at least one centimeter of tissue were more than twice as likely to have preterm births or underweight babies as women who didn’t have any cervical procedures, the study found. And when women gave birth within one year of cervical surgery, their odds of these complications more than tripled. Compared to women who didn’t have surgery, those who did were more likely to be smokers, overweight or obese and first-time mothers. Researchers looked at several common surgical methods for removing or destroying precancerous tissue, including excising cells with a scalpel or destroying tissue with a laser, using a thin wire loop to burn tissue with an electrical current or using a device that freezes tissue. About 5 percent of women who had ablation procedures, typically using the wire loop, had preemies, compared with about 10 percent of women who had less than 1.6 centimeters of tissue excised with scalpels. When women had 1.6 centimeters of tissue or more cut out, 28 percent of them had preterm babies. By way of comparison, 7 percent of women in the study who didn’t have cervical procedures had preterm babies, as did 8 percent of women who had cervical biopsies. Women who had excision procedures cutting out at least 1 centimeter of tissue were 2.2 times more likely to have low-birthweight babies as women who had no cervical surgery or only biopsies, researchers report in PLoS ONE. Miscarriages and stillbirths were more likely among women who had ablations, however. About 25 percent of women who had ablations experienced pregnancy loss, compared with 19 percent of women who had excision procedures and 18 percent of women who didn’t have cervical surgery or biopsy. Cesarean deliveries were also more likely among women who had cervical surgeries, but the increased risk wasn’t big enough to rule out the possibility that it was due to chance. One limitation of the study is that researchers lacked data on excision thickness for some women and also didn’t have information on a variety of factors that can influence pregnancy outcomes like women’s income and education levels, marital status and type of insurance. GlaxoSmithKline, which makes one of two HPV vaccines approved in the U.S., paid for the research and three of the authors were employees of the company at the time. A fourth author disclosed having received consulting fees from both GSK and Merck, which manufactures the other U.S.-approved HPV vaccine. The results suggest that the actual treatment of cervical dysplasia, rather than the condition itself, is a relevant factor in increasing the risk of pregnancy complications, said Dr. Christina Chu, a gynecologic oncology researcher at Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia who wasn’t involved in the study. “The best thing that women can do is to protect themselves against HPV infection, which is the greatest risk factor for developing cervical dysplasia,” Chu added by email. “Girls and young women should get the HPV vaccine.” When women are treated for this condition, waiting to have a baby may make sense. “It does appear that the risks may be less for women who deliver more than one year after excision, so if excision is necessary, women may consider delaying pregnancy to allow the cervix to heal fully,” Chu said. SOURCE: bit.ly/2ko4xM0 PLoS ONE, online January 4, 2017. Next In Health News Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march WASHINGTON U.S. Vice President Mike Pence fired up tens of thousands of anti-abortion activists who gathered on Friday for the 44th March for Life, celebrating a political shift in their favor with the election of President Donald Trump. FDA warns against use of homeopathic teething products The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday warned consumers against using certain homeopathic teething products, saying it has found high amounts of a toxic substance in some of them and they pose a potential risk to infants and children. EU food safety body to look again at palm oil health risks MILAN The European Food Safety Authority will re-examine its warning on health risks stemming from palm and other vegetable oils, a spokeswoman at the European body said in light of a recent study expressing less concern than EFSA. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Pre-filled Syringes * Medical East Coast * Pfs * More Tags... Industry News * Medical * More Industries... News By Location * Westminster   London, Greater   England * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 28 27 26 25 24 23 22 Pre-Filled Syringes East Coast 2017: Spotlight on Large-Molecule and High Volume Biologics Leading Boston PFS Summit returns to discuss large-molecule and high volume biologics.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Pre-filled Syringes * Medical East Coast * Pfs Industry: * Medical Location: * Westminster - London, Greater - EnglandWESTMINSTER, England - Jan. 26, 2017 - PRLog -- SMi Group's 4th Annual PFS East Coast Summit will arrive to Boston on April 26th and 27th. Highlights of this year's show will include informed guidance from both a pharmaceutical and industry perspective. The conference will aim to showcase the latest developments in wearable technology designed to deliver high volumes and viscosities with minimum discomfort. In a keynote by Sudeshna Dutta Ray, Senior Engineer on Advanced Device Technology from Amgen, the talk will address the impact on biological therapy using innovative devices and will explore product uptake and acceptability by drawing from patient views. Isabelle Delcroix, Business Development Director from Nemera, will also provide insight through a study on the "Safelia" injection course which has been developed for patient comfort and the optimal delivery of high volume biologics. The talk will discuss 'difficult' formulations delivery, reconstitution and dual injections for subcutaneous or intra-muscular injections. Pre-Filled Syringes East Coast will also delve further into key issues surrounding good manufacturing practice, human factor engineering, combination products, new regulations and innovations in device design. The notable speaker line-up will also include: FDA, Shire, AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, AbbVie, Pfizer, Amgen, Allergan, Eli Lilly, Janssen R&D, Merck, Regeneron, Zeon, and Mitsubishi Gas Chemical. A full speaker line-up and further information is available at www.pfsamericas.com/prlog Pre-Filled Syringes East Coast 2017 4th Annual Conference: April 26th & 27th Interactive Workshops: April 25th The Colonnade, Boston, MA, USA www.pfsamericas.com/prlog Sponsored by: Mitsubishi Gas Chemical, Nemera, Overlook Industries, Owen Mumford, Terumo Pharmaceutical Solutions, West Pharmaceutical Services, Zeon --- end --- Contact Information: For all media inquiries contact Teri Arri on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6162 / Email: tarri@smi-online.co.uk For delegate inquiries contact Fateja Begum on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6184 / Email: fbegum@smi-online.co.uk To sponsor, speak or exhibit at the conference, contact Alia Malick on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6168 / Email: amalick@smi-online.co.uk About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Contact Teri Arri ***@smi-online.co.uk End Source : SMi Group Email : ***@smi-online.co.uk Posted By : ***@smi-online.co.uk Tags : Pre-filled Syringes, Medical East Coast, Pfs Industry : Medical Location : Westminster - London, Greater - England Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse SMi Group Ltd. News Niteworks Join the British Army to Deliver Training and Simulation Requirements Update Agenda released for SMi's Unmanned Maritime Systems Technology conference Take highly potent compounds to the next level with SKAN AG, Boehringer Ingelheim, Roche & more When small becomes big: The new challenges of orphan drugs in Europe Parallel Trade in Pharmaceuticals: Attendee list Released Ahead of 11th Annual Industry Summit Trending Swedish Actress Linnea Persson Charms Hollywood BQB Publishing and WriteLife Publishing Now Distributed by IPG Two Corvettes Will Be Awarded to One Lucky Winner at the Dream Giveaway Garage On February 3, 2017 The Center for Contemporary Art exhibits Members' Juried Exhibition at the Watchung Arts Center Edupliance Announces Critical Webinar To Discuss FDA Regulation of GMO Labeling Daily News Swedish Actress Linnea Persson Charms Hollywood - 565 views Two Corvettes Will Be Awarded to One Lucky Winner at the Dream Giveaway Garage On February 3, 2017 - 459 views Tesla Foundation and East Los Angeles College Create New Program for Unmanned Aerial Systems - 296 views Jade Global Announces Partnership with Snowflake - 195 views 1st Annual North Fork Dock Diving Pet Expo and Fundraiser Event - 153 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 3004 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2715 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 2038 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1910 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1533 views Daily News Swedish Actress Linnea Persson Charms Hollywood - 565 views Two Corvettes Will Be Awarded to One Lucky Winner at the Dream Giveaway Garage On February 3, 2017 - 459 views Tesla Foundation and East Los Angeles College Create New Program for Unmanned Aerial Systems - 296 views Jade Global Announces Partnership with Snowflake - 195 views 1st Annual North Fork Dock Diving Pet Expo and Fundraiser Event - 153 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 3004 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2715 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 2038 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1910 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1533 views PTC News Cavium to Contribute the First Programmable Wedge 100C Switch Design to OCP - 395 views Discover Lennar's Everything's Included® Homes During Their February Sale - 212 views Jingwei International Limited Changes Name and Effects Reverse Stock Split - 173 views Wizard World Teams With Lou Adler To Screen 'Rocky Horror Picture Show' In Portland, February 18 - 161 views First Bancorp of Indiana, Inc. Announces Financial Results - 155 views Jan 26, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu NCCN Establishes Second Policy and Advocacy Fellowship 26 January 2017Military News FORT WASHINGTON, Pa., Jan. 26, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The National Comprehensive Cancer Network® (NCCN®) has instituted its second Policy and Advocacy Fellowship to support access to and delivery of high-quality cancer care throughout the United States. NCCN established its first Policy and Advocacy Fellowship in May 2016. The NCCN Policy and Advocacy Fellowship provides exposure to oncology policy topics and related skills in the early stages of their care. Among various responsibilities, the Policy/Advocacy Fellow will track legislative activities that could affect access to quality cancer care, contribute to the advancement of NCCN’s policy initiatives, and contribute to the monitoring of use of NCCN Content by public and private payers and health information technology innovators to support access to high-quality cancer care. “NCCN is proud to establish a second Policy/Advocacy Fellowship to work on behalf of patients with public and private payers and employers, as well as other initiatives in this time of rapid health care policy change and development,” said Robert W. Carlson, MD, Chief Executive Officer, NCCN. NCCN Policy fellows learn techniques in policy research, development, advocacy, communication, and implementation of oncology policy programs that further NCCN’s mission to improve the quality, effectiveness, and efficiency of cancer care so that patients can live better lives. The NCCN Policy/Advocacy Fellowship is supported by Celgene, Gilead Sciences, Taiho Oncology, an educational donation provided by Amgen, and an independent educational grant from Merck & Co., Inc. For more information about the NCCN Oncology Policy Program, visit NCCN.org/policy. About the National Comprehensive Cancer Network The National Comprehensive Cancer Network® (NCCN®), a not-for-profit alliance of 27 of the world’s leading cancer centers devoted to patient care, research, and education, is dedicated to improving the quality, effectiveness, and efficiency of cancer care so that patients can live better lives. Through the leadership and expertise of clinical professionals at NCCN Member Institutions, NCCN develops resources that present valuable information to the numerous stakeholders in the health care delivery system. As the arbiter of high-quality cancer care, NCCN promotes the importance of continuous quality improvement and recognizes the significance of creating clinical practice guidelines appropriate for use by patients, clinicians, and other health care decision-makers. The NCCN Member Institutions are: Fred & Pamela Buffett Cancer Center, Omaha, NE; Case Comprehensive Cancer Center/University Hospitals Seidman Cancer Center and Cleveland Clinic Taussig Cancer Institute, Cleveland, OH; City of Hope Comprehensive Cancer Center, Los Angeles, CA; Dana–Farber/Brigham and Women’s Cancer Center | Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center, Boston, MA; Duke Cancer Institute, Durham, NC; Fox Chase Cancer Center, Philadelphia, PA; Huntsman Cancer Institute at the University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT; Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center/Seattle Cancer Care Alliance, Seattle, WA; The Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins, Baltimore, MD; Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University, Chicago, IL; Mayo Clinic Cancer Center, Phoenix/Scottsdale, AZ, Jacksonville, FL, and Rochester, MN; Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY; Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL; The Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center – James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Institute, Columbus, OH; Roswell Park Cancer Institute, Buffalo, NY; Siteman Cancer Center at Barnes-Jewish Hospital and Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, MO; St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital/The University of Tennessee Health Science Center, Memphis, TN; Stanford Cancer Institute, Stanford, CA; University of Alabama at Birmingham Comprehensive Cancer Center, Birmingham, AL; UC San Diego Moores Cancer Center, La Jolla, CA; UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, San Francisco, CA; University of Colorado Cancer Center, Aurora, CO; University of Michigan Comprehensive Cancer Center, Ann Arbor, MI; The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX; University of Wisconsin Carbone Cancer Center, Madison, WI; Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center, Nashville, TN; and Yale Cancer Center/Smilow Cancer Hospital, New Haven, CT. Clinicians, visit NCCN.org. Patients and caregivers, visit NCCN.org/patients. Media, visit NCCN.org/news. Media Contact: Katie Kiley Brown, NCCN 215-690-0238 brown@nccn.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nccn-establishes-second-policy-and-advocacy-fellowship-300397447.html SOURCE National Comprehensive Cancer Network Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged fort general hospital officer private Uncategorized Post navigation Bespoke Custom Fine Italian Men’s Suits for the Everyday Man The Traveling Sauna in the United States will run on Neste MY Renewable Diesel Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat See the Super Ads Check out the latest Big Game spots and updates all in one place No, It's Not a Watermelon This pregnancy test ad was met with howls of laughter Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Headlines: Press: Condé Nast Ditches the Title … TV: Nielsen Modifies Its Total Con… Tech: Pinterest Makes First Push in … Ads & Brands: Ogilvy Unveils a Global Restru… DDB New York Names Its First CMO and Tech Lead in a Round of Hires and Promotions Plus 2 new managing partners By Patrick Coffee January 26, 2017, 1:22 PM EST Advertising & Branding L to R: Alexander Rea, Melissa Martinez, Kimberly Bernhardt, Michael Collins DDB New York The New York offices of DDB announced a series of four promotions and new hires today. Former group business director Melissa Martinez is now chief marketing officer, the first to hold that title in New York. Global business director Michael Collins has been promoted to partner and managing director. The agency also hired Condé Nast veteran Kimberly Bernhardt to serve as managing partner and Alexander Rea as its first creative technology officer. "It's an exciting time for us," said DDB New York president and CEO Chris Brown. "We had a successful 2016 with revenue and profit growth and we are very focused on maintaining this momentum in 2017. These promotions and hires are part of this and reinforce our commitment to ensuring we attract and retain the very best talent." Martinez joined DDB more than two and a half years ago after serving in account director roles at the New York offices of BBDO, Havas and Ogilvy & Mather. Brown noted that she had been running "big integrated pieces of business for us" including portions of the New York Lottery and State Farm accounts. In the new role, she will also be responsible for new business development and strategic initiatives including the introduction of U.S. clients to DDB Flex, the new model debuted last year by North American CEO Wendy Clark. "The decision to name a CMO is about recognizing the dynamic, changing times we're in," Brown told Adweek. "It's really important to be very clear about what you do and how you do. [Martinez] will work with leadership to provide a strategic perspective for how the agency markets itself." Bernhardt previously worked in the publishing world as executive director of communications at Glamour magazine. She previously served as evp on the Unilever business at Edelman, the world's largest independent PR firm. "We often talk about brands needing to act like publishers," Brown said, "So we need people who know how that works: How brands can create experiences that truly deliver on the paid, owned and earned media model as well as creating content and working with influencers." Prior to his promotion, Collins served as global business director leading integrated teams on Johnson & Johnson's Ethicon global surgery business. The managing partner title brings with it additional responsibilities regarding agency/client relationships in his group, which includes Merck, Lilly, Huawei and Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies. Rea comes to DDB from VR-focused production studio Framestore, where he served as head of creative technology and worked on McCann New York's "Field Trip to Mars" project, which was the single most-awarded campaign at Cannes last year. DDB created his new position to help provide leadership for the technological aspects of all client projects. Regarding the office's plans moving forward, Brown said, "I don't think we've ever been busier from a pitch perspective ... there's always lots of stuff happening, and we're creatively busy in production on all of our clients, including new campaigns for the Tribeca Film Festival and the Ad Council." Get the Advertising & Branding newsletter: Check out our other newsletters: Daily Digest Brandweek Technology Today The AdFreak Daily Advertising & Branding Television Today Television Upfront Digital Content NewFronts Promotions & Offers   Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: Ddb, Agency Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! About the Author Patrick Coffee is editor of AgencySpy. Follow Comments View the discussion thread. 1 1 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Advertisement Featured Jobs Audience Development Analyst WNET New York Public Media 10019, New York City SEO/Editorial Freelancer New Hope Media LLC New York City, New York Account Director Happy Medium Des Moines, IA or Chicago, IL Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York See More Jobs Editor's Picks Ogilvy Unveils a Global Restructuring to Kick Off Its 'Next Chapter' Ad of the Day: First Ad From McDonald's New Agency Says 'There's a Big Mac for That' T-Mobile's CEO Just Tweeted That the Brand Is Running a Super Bowl Ad This Year Sprint Promises a 'Real Cliffhanger' for Its Super Bowl Ad Wonderful Pistachios and Fiji Water Both Line Up 15-Second Super Bowl Ads Pinterest Makes First Push in Targeting Super Bowl Viewers With Personalized Microsite Avocado Mentions Jumped 371% on Twitter After Trump Proposed Tax on Mexican Goods Animal Planet and Pedigree Add VR and Branded Content to This Year’s Puppy Bowl The Coen Brothers Return to the Super Bowl After 15 Years With This Mercedes Ad Advertisement Adweek Blog Network Follow @Adweek The New York offices of DDB announced a series of four promotions and new hires today. Former group business director Melissa Martinez is now chief marketing officer, the first to hold that title in New York. Global business director Michael Collins has been promoted to partner and managing director. The agency also hired Condé Nast veteran Kimberly Bernhardt to serve as managing partner and Alexander Rea as its first creative technology officer. "It's an exciting time for us," said DDB New York president and CEO Chris Brown. "We had a successful 2016 with revenue and profit growth and we are very focused on maintaining this momentum in 2017. These promotions and hires are part of this and reinforce our commitment to ensuring we attract and retain the very best talent." Martinez joined DDB more than two and a half years ago after serving in account director roles at the New York offices of BBDO, Havas and Ogilvy & Mather. Brown noted that she had been running "big integrated pieces of business for us" including portions of the New York Lottery and State Farm accounts. In the new role, she will also be responsible for new business development and strategic initiatives including the introduction of U.S. clients to DDB Flex, the new model debuted last year by North American CEO Wendy Clark. "The decision to name a CMO is about recognizing the dynamic, changing times we're in," Brown told Adweek. "It's really important to be very clear about what you do and how you do. [Martinez] will work with leadership to provide a strategic perspective for how the agency markets itself." Bernhardt previously worked in the publishing world as executive director of communications at Glamour magazine. She previously served as evp on the Unilever business at Edelman, the world's largest independent PR firm. "We often talk about brands needing to act like publishers," Brown said, "So we need people who know how that works: How brands can create experiences that truly deliver on the paid, owned and earned media model as well as creating content and working with influencers." Prior to his promotion, Collins served as global business director leading integrated teams on Johnson & Johnson's Ethicon global surgery business. The managing partner title brings with it additional responsibilities regarding agency/client relationships in his group, which includes Merck, Lilly, Huawei and Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies. Rea comes to DDB from VR-focused production studio Framestore, where he served as head of creative technology and worked on McCann New York's "Field Trip to Mars" project, which was the single most-awarded campaign at Cannes last year. DDB created his new position to help provide leadership for the technological aspects of all client projects. Regarding the office's plans moving forward, Brown said, "I don't think we've ever been busier from a pitch perspective ... there's always lots of stuff happening, and we're creatively busy in production on all of our clients, including new campaigns for the Tribeca Film Festival and the Ad Council." Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2017 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Cervical surgery for pre-cancer tied to preemies and small babies News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Health Cervical surgery for pre-cancer tied to preemies and small babies Posted 27 Jan 2017 01:05 Email More A A (Reuters Health) - - Women who get surgery to treat precancerous abnormalities on their cervix are more likely to have premature or low-birth weight babies than women who don’t have these procedures, a recent study suggests. Researchers focused on women with a common condition known as cervical dysplasia, abnormal tissue growth that is typically caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV). Milder cases of dysplasia may go away on their own, but doctors often surgically remove abnormal tissue in more severe cases to help prevent the condition from progressing to full-blown cervical cancer. “Women who have already had the surgery to remove pre-cancerous lesions may want to wait a while to get pregnant, as we found the risk of pre-term birth increased even more if women gave birth within a year of their surgery,” said study co-author Allison Naleway, of the Kaiser Permanente Center for Health Research in Portland, Oregon. In the study, researchers examined data on pregnancy outcomes for 4,307 women who didn’t have cervical procedures and compared them to 322 women who had surgery to remove precancerous tissue and another 847 women who had cervical biopsies to investigate abnormalities. Women who had surgeries that cut out at least one centimeter of tissue were more than twice as likely to have preterm births or underweight babies as women who didn’t have any cervical procedures, the study found. And when women gave birth within one year of cervical surgery, their odds of these complications more than tripled. Compared to women who didn’t have surgery, those who did were more likely to be smokers, overweight or obese and first-time mothers. Researchers looked at several common surgical methods for removing or destroying precancerous tissue, including excising cells with a scalpel or destroying tissue with a laser, using a thin wire loop to burn tissue with an electrical current or using a device that freezes tissue. About 5 percent of women who had ablation procedures, typically using the wire loop, had preemies, compared with about 10 percent of women who had less than 1.6 centimeters of tissue excised with scalpels. When women had 1.6 centimeters of tissue or more cut out, 28 percent of them had preterm babies. By way of comparison, 7 percent of women in the study who didn’t have cervical procedures had preterm babies, as did 8 percent of women who had cervical biopsies. Women who had excision procedures cutting out at least 1 centimeter of tissue were 2.2 times more likely to have low-birthweight babies as women who had no cervical surgery or only biopsies, researchers report in PLoS ONE. Miscarriages and stillbirths were more likely among women who had ablations, however. About 25 percent of women who had ablations experienced pregnancy loss, compared with 19 percent of women who had excision procedures and 18 percent of women who didn’t have cervical surgery or biopsy. Cesarean deliveries were also more likely among women who had cervical surgeries, but the increased risk wasn’t big enough to rule out the possibility that it was due to chance. One limitation of the study is that researchers lacked data on excision thickness for some women and also didn’t have information on a variety of factors that can influence pregnancy outcomes like women’s income and education levels, marital status and type of insurance. GlaxoSmithKline, which makes one of two HPV vaccines approved in the U.S., paid for the research and three of the authors were employees of the company at the time. A fourth author disclosed having received consulting fees from both GSK and Merck, which manufactures the other U.S.-approved HPV vaccine. The results suggest that the actual treatment of cervical dysplasia, rather than the condition itself, is a relevant factor in increasing the risk of pregnancy complications, said Dr. Christina Chu, a gynecologic oncology researcher at Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia who wasn’t involved in the study. “The best thing that women can do is to protect themselves against HPV infection, which is the greatest risk factor for developing cervical dysplasia,” Chu added by email. “Girls and young women should get the HPV vaccine.” When women are treated for this condition, waiting to have a baby may make sense. “It does appear that the risks may be less for women who deliver more than one year after excision, so if excision is necessary, women may consider delaying pregnancy to allow the cervix to heal fully,” Chu said. SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2ko4xM0 PLoS ONE, online January 4, 2017. - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Fish & Richardson Named Law360 IP Practice Group of the Year for Fifth Straight Year News provided by Fish & Richardson Jan 26, 2017, 10:20 ET Share this article BOSTON, Jan. 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Fish & Richardson has been named an IP Practice Group of the Year for the fifth consecutive year by Law360 for helping "win a U.S. Supreme Court decision that reshaped a key aspect of patent law" and for securing "major litigation victories for companies such as Gilead Sciences Inc. and Power Integrations Inc." Fish was one of only five firms nationwide that was singled out by Law360 as an IP Practice Group of the Year.  According to Law360, the "firm is no stranger to accolades, having been consistently ranked among the nation's premier practice groups for years." "Headlining the firm's recent achievements was the Supreme Court's June decision in a case involving Halo Electronics Inc., in which the justices relaxed the standard for proving willful infringement and made it easier for patent owners to recover enhanced damages. Legal experts widely agree that the case was among the most important patent cases of 2016."  "We continually ask ourselves whether supposedly settled points of law should be challenged, even at the Supreme Court, if necessary," said Kurt Glitzenstein, Litigation Practice Group Leader at Fish. Law360 noted that this "type of mindset" was part of Fish's success in another high profile win for client Shaw Industries Group Inc. "that provided much-needed guidance for accused infringers that challenge patents at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board." "In a favorable decision for Shaw, the Federal Circuit held that petitioners are not barred from raising those noninstituted grounds, keeping them available for litigation." "Fish handled 90 new competitor cases in 2016, up 50% from the year before. That is a reflection of the confidence that big companies – blue chip, Fortune 500 companies – have in our practice because we simply know how to win at every level, whether it's at trial, at the PTAB or on appeal," added Glitzenstein. Law360 also highlighted some of Fish's impressive wins for several other clients. For Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., Fish "successfully challenged a number of technology patents at the PTAB, including media storage patents owned by Smartflash LLC and semiconductor patents owned by Home Semiconductor Corp." "In district court, Fish was able to secure more than $200 million in damages for clients in four trial wins, including a $139.8 million damages award for Power Integrations Inc. in a patent infringement suit against Fairchild Semiconductor International Inc." "But perhaps the most memorable trial moment" for Fish came "when a California federal judge overturned a $200 million jury award that Merck & Co. had won in a patent case just months earlier against Gilead Sciences Inc." In the "headline-grabbing decision," the judge detailed "'serious and outrageous conduct' that…left Merck with no right to enforce against Gilead two patents related to hepatitis C treatment." "The opinion is 65 pages long and extremely well-reasoned," said Juanita Brooks, the Fish principal who co-led the Gilead litigation team with Fish principal Jonathan Singer. "The judge meticulously went through the record to support her findings. We were very pleased that she did such a thorough job." Fish & Richardson is a global patent, intellectual property (IP) litigation, and commercial litigation law firm with more than 400 attorneys and technology specialists across the U.S. and Europe. Fish has been named the #1 patent litigation firm in the U.S. for 13 consecutive years and is one of the busiest post-grant firms, representing more petitioners at the PTAB than any other firm. Fish has been winning cases worth billions in controversy – often by making new law – for the most innovative clients and influential industry leaders since 1878. For more information, visit www.fr.com. Contact:               Amy Blumenthal or Kelly Largey Blumenthal & Associates Fish & Richardson 617-879-1511 800-818-5070 amyb@blumenthalpr.com    largey@fr.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fish--richardson-named-law360-ip-practice-group-of-the-year-for-fifth-straight-year-300397411.html SOURCE Fish & Richardson Related Links http://www.fr.com Jan 25, 2017, 13:59 ET Preview: Law360 Names Fish & Richardson Principal Craig Countryman an Appellate MVP My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 25, 2017, 13:59 ETLaw360 Names Fish & Richardson Principal Craig Countryman an... Jan 24, 2017, 11:36 ETFish & Richardson Named Top Trademark Law Firm for Seventh... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Multimedia & Internet Publishing & Information Services Awards You just read: Fish & Richardson Named Law360 IP Practice Group of the Year for Fifth Straight Year News provided by Fish & Richardson Jan 26, 2017, 10:20 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bristol-Myers Misses Estimates as Cancer Drug’s Sales Slow by Jared S Hopkins @jaredshopkins More stories by Jared S Hopkins January 26, 2017, 7:00 AM EST January 26, 2017, 1:44 PM EST Opdivo oncology treatment almost triples year-earlier revenue Sales for hepatitis C treatments drop 51%; Yervoy stays flat Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. reported fourth-quarter profit that fell short of analysts’ estimates as sales slowed for its antiviral drugs and the Yervoy cancer treatment. Profit excluding some items totaled 63 cents a share, below the 67-cent average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. The New York-based drugmaker also lowered its forecast for 2017 profit to a range of $2.70 to $2.90 a share, compared with the average estimate of $2.96.  The shares dropped 5.7 percent to $46.75 at 1:42 p.m. in New York. Opdivo, which is approved to treat melanoma and lung cancer, and Yervoy, approved just for melanoma, remain the company’s main drivers of growth. Bristol-Myers is focusing mostly on these immune-based therapies, though investors hope their performance in clinical trials improves. In August, Opdivo failed in a lung cancer trial that would have widened its use. Combination Treatment Last week, the company announced that it wouldn’t seek early approval for its cocktail of Opdivo and Yervoy as a primary, or first-line, treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The decision doesn’t remove the possibility that the combination may succeed, and Bristol-Myers is relying on them working, Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan wrote in a research note.  Still, the decision was seen by analysts and investors as another boon to chief rival Merck & Co., whose similar drug Keytruda is now approved as a primary treatment for lung cancer. The decision adds long-term risk of failure for the Bristol-Myers trial, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. The company didn’t provide details about its decision not to seek quicker approval on a Thursday conference call with analysts. Bristol-Myers still has multiple trials in which various uses of the drug are being tested, Chief Executive Officer Giovanni Caforio told analysts.  “We do believe we have an opportunity to have a meaningful role to play in the future in lung cancer,” he said. He said the company is fully committed to exploring the drug combination in multiple tumors and is optimistic about additional immune-oncology data for several types of cancer coming out in 2017. Hepatitis C Drugs Yervoy generated $264 million in fourth-quarter sales, little changed from $265 million a year earlier and well short of the $300 million predicted by analysts. Revenue from Opdivo almost tripled to $1.31 billion, compared with $1.16 billion predicted by analysts. The company is projecting U.S. sales for Opdivo to remain flat in 2017, Chief Commercial Officer Murdo Gordon said on the call, although it’s confident it can defend its market position in second-line lung cancer. Roche’s cancer treatment Tecentriq captured 10 percent of Bristol-Myers’s’ U.S. market in second-line lung cancer, the company said Thursday. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Sales dropped for the four franchises within the company’s virology unit, which generated about 19 percent of revenue. That included a 51 percent drop of hepatitis C drug sales to $226 million, missing predictions of $256 million. Analysts expect sales to continue to decline because of competing products from Gilead Sciences Inc. and AbbVie Inc. HIV franchises for Sustiva and Reyataz each saw sales declines of more than 20 percent, while hepatitis B drug Baraclude fell 4 percent. Bristol-Myers, the smallest major U.S. drugmaker by market value, is the second member of Big Pharma to report its fourth-quarter earnings since Donald Trump was sworn in as president last week. Cancer treatments such as Bristol-Myers’s are expensive, though they haven’t drawn the scrutiny from Trump and Congress that other high-priced medicines have attracted. Sales of heart drug Eliquis, another key to the company’s growth, increased 57 percent to $948 million, while analysts anticipated $967 million. Other highlights from the second quarter: Revenue increased 22 percent to $5.24 billion from a year earlier, above the $5.12 billion predicted by analysts. Net income was $894 million, or 53 cents a share, compared to a net loss of $197 million, or 12 cents, a year earlier. Analysts predicted $1.04 billion, or 61 cents a share. Orencia sales rose 16 percent to $625 million, topping the $607 million forecast by analysts. Sprycel sales rose 15 percent to $494 million, above estimates of $474 million. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Hunterdon Chamber to hold annual meeting, dinner dance Hunterdon County Chamber of Commerce board 2016 Outgoing members of the board of the Hunterdon County Chamber of Commerce recognized at the 2016 annual meeting. (photo courtesy of Frank Peluso) Print Email Craig Turpin | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Craig Turpin | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com Hunterdon County Democrat Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 26, 2017 at 7:28 AM, updated January 26, 2017 at 7:30 AM comments The Hunterdon County Chamber of Commerce's annual Meeting & Dinner Dance will be held 6-11 p.m. on Feb. 24 at The Farmhouse at The Grand Colonial in Perryville. This year's theme is a Night on the Red Carpet. "The Hunterdon County Chamber of Commerce is very proud of the work that we do advocating and being the voice of the business community here in Hunterdon County," Chamber President Chris Phelan said. "The chamber, through our program of work and partnerships is centered on our mission, which is to create an economic climate that enhances growth for the business community. "The annual meeting is an opportunity to share the work that we have done and what lies ahead for 2017." Chamber honors Hunterdon County business leaders It begins with cocktails and hors d'oeuvres from 6-7, followed by a brief annual meeting and installation of new officers, followed by dinner and dancing. There will be a silent auction, including artwork, apparel and gift baskets. The 2016 Annual Business Report will be available for distribution the night of the event as well. Merck & Co. is again the presenting sponsor; entertainment sponsor is Hunterdon Radiological Associates and cocktail hour sponsor is eSOZO Computer & Network Services. There are still supporting sponsorships available. Cost per ticket for the evening is $100 for chamber members and $175 for general admission. Tables of eight are also available for $900 which includes a half-page ad in 2016 Annual Business Report, according to a news release. Pre-registration is required and can be done by calling 908-782-7115 or registering online at www.hunterdon-chamber.org. Those business owners who cannot attend can donate a silent auction item or place an ad in the Annual Business Report. For more details, email lcummins@hunterdon-chamber.org or call 908-782-7115. Silent Auction Donations may be tax deductible by your business. The Hunterdon County Chamber of Commerce, established in 1916, represents over 600 member organizations with over 15,000 employees. Most Read N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Departments Local Photos Editorials Obituaries Entertainment Weddings and Anniversaries Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Bristol-Myers cuts 2017 outlook amid Opdivo competition Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Thu Jan 26, 2017 | 3:13pm EST Bristol-Myers cuts 2017 outlook amid Opdivo competition A trader passes by a screen displaying the tickers symbols for Bristol-Myers Squibb and Intelsat, Ltd. on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange, April 25, 2013. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid By Deena Beasley Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY.N) on Thursday posted a fourth-quarter profit that fell short of Wall Street estimates and lowered its 2017 earnings forecast, citing tempered expectations for its key Opdivo immuno-oncology drug. For full-year 2017, the U.S. drugmaker cut its adjusted earnings per share outlook by 15 cents, to between $2.70 and $2.90. Wall Street analysts, on average, had projected $2.96 a share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Foreign exchange rates and the potential for earlier-than-expected lung cancer competition from Merck & Co Inc (MRK.N) were the main reasons for the lowered outlook for 2017, Chief Financial Officer Charles Bancroft said on a conference call with investors. Shares of Bristol-Myers, down 15 percent so far this year, fell 5.6 percent to $46.75 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. "For the first time in five years you might walk away thinking (Bristol-Myers) is not as confident as they were," Guggenheim analyst Tony Butler told Reuters. "Is Bristol questioning their own strategy? That's what the stock is telling you." Excluding special items, Bristol-Myers said it earned 63 cents a share in the fourth quarter, short of the average analyst estimate of 67 cents a share. Revenue rose 22 percent to $5.2 billion. Bristol-Myers said it expects full-year 2017 worldwide revenue to increase by a rate in the low single digits. Fourth-quarter sales of Opdivo, which works by taking the brakes off the immune system, soared to $1.3 billion from $475 million a year earlier. Approved in late 2014 to treat melanoma, Opdivo later won approvals to treat lung and kidney cancer and is being tested against a wide array of other types of cancer. New competition late last year from the launch of Roche Holding AG's (ROG.S) immunotherapy Tecentriq cut Opdivo's share of the U.S. second-line lung cancer market to about 40 percent. Bristol-Myers projected flat U.S. Opdivo sales this year. Competitor Merck (MRK.N) earlier this month said it had filed for speedy U.S. approval of its Opdivo rival, Keytruda, in combination with chemotherapy, as an initial lung cancer treatment, and received a May 10 regulatory decision date. Bristol-Myers, citing available trial data, said last week it would not seek accelerated approval of its own combination of immunotherapy drugs Opdivo and Yervoy in first-line lung cancer. Lung cancer is by far the biggest oncology market and a handful of companies have been battling to dominate as an initial, or first-line, treatment, and to provide much-needed combination therapies. Bristol said it still expects full-year 2017 net earnings of $2.47 to $2.67 per share due to a recent patent settlement that includes a payment of $625 million from Merck. Fourth-quarter 2016 net income rose to $894 million, or 53 cents per share, from a year-earlier loss of $197 million, or 12 cents a share. (Reporting by Deena Beasley; Additional reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Bernard Orr and Leslie Adler) Up Next Chevron profit miss hurts stock, Dow Jones index Helped by rising oil prices, Chevron Corp swung to a quarterly profit on Friday that still fell short of analyst expectations, dragging down the company's share price, and with it, the Dow Jones industrial average index. American Airlines profit plunges American Airlines Group Inc , the No. 1 U.S. airline by passenger traffic, reported a fall in profit from a year earlier, when it recorded a $3 billion tax benefit. Alphabet's hardware growth adds to strength in core ad business Alphabet Inc's core advertising business remained strong and its smartphone and home-automation products were gaining traction, analysts said a day after the company missed profit expectations, hurt by a higher tax rate. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Menu Abonnieren Anmelden Benutzerkonto Hilfe Kontakt Startseite Wirtschaft Menü Meinung Kommentare Kolumnen International Europa Amerika Nahost & Afrika Asien & Pazifik Dossiers Wirtschaft Wirtschaftspolitik Unternehmen Kommentare Dossiers Finanzen Aktien Anleihen Devisen Rohstoffe Fonds Immobilien Kurse Anlegen Schweiz Blick zurück Dossiers Feuilleton Zeitgeschehen Schauplatz Kunst & Architektur Bücher Kino Fernsehen Musik Bühne Medien Kunsthandel Zürich Hintergrund Kommentare Dossiers Sport Fussball Tennis Eishockey Formel 1 Skisport Weiterer Sport Live & Resultate Wissenschaft Astronomie Technik Physik und Chemie Biologie Klima und Umwelt Mensch und Medizin Archäologie Dossiers Gesellschaft Lebensart Reisen Spiel Panorama Bildstrecken International Wirtschaft Schweiz Zürich Sport Feuilleton Panorama Wissenschaft Gesellschaft Mobilität Digital Mobilität Auto-Mobil Verkehr Luftfahrt Video Archiv NZZ ab 1780 Dossiers Archivtrouvaillen Wetter Tageswetter Niederschlag Mittelfristprognose Schweiz Europa Segelwetter Monatswetter Pollenprognose Spiele Sudoku Mahjong Schach NZZ Bellevue Mode & Beauty Design & Wohnen Kochen & Geniessen Uhren & Schmuck Reisen & Entdecken Auto & Gadgets Marktplatz Jobs Weiterbildung Immobilien Trauerportal Onlineshops Services Publireportagen Sponsored Blog: PostFinance Harmonisierung Zahlungsverkehr Sponsored Content: Serie Digitalisierung für McKinsey Startseite Meinung International Wirtschaft Finanzen Schweiz Feuilleton Zürich Sport Wissenschaft Panorama Suchen Anmelden Benutzerkonto Hilfe Kontakt Abonnieren Startseite Meinung International Wirtschaft Finanzen Schweiz Feuilleton Zürich Sport Wissenschaft Panorama Bildstrecken Gesellschaft Digital Auto Verkehr Luftfahrt Videos Dossiers Aus dem Archiv Wetter Spiele Vielen Dank für Ihre Registrierung. Sie haben jetzt den Aktivierungslink für Ihr NZZ-Konto per E-Mail erhalten. Vielen Dank für Ihre Anmeldung. Ihr NZZ-Konto ist aktiviert. Wir wünschen Ihnen viel Lesevergnügen. Sie haben jetzt unbeschränkten Zugang zur digitalen NZZ. Wir wünschen Ihnen viel Lesevergnügen. Vielen Dank für Ihre Bestellung. Wir wünschen Ihnen viel Lesevergnügen. Johnson & Johnson will Actelion kaufen Fünf Antworten zur Milliardenübernahme von Wener Grundlehner 26.1.2017, 11:43 Uhr Der US-Konzern Johnson & Johnson offeriert den stolzen Preis von 30 Mrd. Dollar für die Schweizer Biotechfirma Actelion. Warum zahlt der Konzern diesen Preis, und wie sieht die Zukunft von Actelion aus? Der markante Actelion-Hauptsitz von Herzog & de Meuron in Allschwil. (Imago) 1. Wieso ist Johnson & Johnson bereit, einen derart hohen Preis zu zahlen? Der angebotene Preis von 30 Mrd. $ entspricht dem 12-Fachen des Umsatzes und dem 36-Fachen des Betriebsgewinns von Actelion. Für diesen hohen Preis gibt es einen wichtigen Grund: Mehrere Anwendungen von J&J sind von Patentabläufen betroffen. Während der Jahresabschluss 2016 erfreulich ausfiel, blieb der Ausblick für 2017 hinter den Erwartungen zurück. Die Actelion-Medikamente gegen Bluthochdruck in der Lunge erzielen bisher hohe Preise und bedienen einen kleinen Nischenmarkt, der von den Diskussionen um die Preissetzung für Medikamente in den USA kaum betroffen sein wird. Johnson & Johnson zahlt 30 Milliarden Dollar für Biotechunternehmen Actelion lässt Gerüchte wahr werden 26.1.2017, 09:55 2. Zuletzt gab es zahlreiche Gerüchte zu Verhandlungen und Offerten. Wird dieses Angebot Bestand haben? Erstmals stehen die Verwaltungsräte beider Unternehmen hinter dem Angebot. Der Preis wird von Beobachtern als sehr vorteilhaft erachtet. Die vielen institutionellen Investoren, unter anderen Hedge-Funds, werden zugreifen, da ein besseres Angebot kaum wahrscheinlich ist. 3. Wie sieht die Zukunft des verbleibenden «Schweizer» Unternehmensteils um CEO Jean-Paul Clozel aus? Das ausgegliederte Unternehmen wird während Jahren keine Verkaufserlöse erzielen. Man wird sich darauf konzentrieren, die bestehenden Medikamente-Kandidaten durch die klinische Phase und die Marktzulassung zu bringen. Das dauert aus Erfahrung viele Jahre. Die Actelion-Abspaltung verfügt über den Vorteil, dass sie mit Jean-Paul Clozel über einen etablierten CEO verfügt sowie auf ein erfahrenes Forschungs- und Entwicklungsteam zählen kann. Auch die Geldbeschaffung dürfte einfacher ausfallen als bei Startup-Unternehmen, die sich bezüglich Produkten in einer ähnlichen Situation befinden. 4. Wer ist J&J überhaupt? Das US-Unternehmen ist ein Mischkonzern im Gesundheitsmarkt. Rund 45% des Umsatzes von 70,1 Mrd. $ (2015) werden im Pharmabereich erzielt. Damit ist der US-Konzern die Nummer fünf unter den Medikamentenherstellern hinter Pfizer, Novartis, Roche und Merck & Co. Im Medtech-Bereich werden 36% der Verkäufe erzielt (Implantate, Chirurgiegeräte). Im Jahr 2011 kaufte J&J für 18 Mrd. $ das Schweizer Orthopädie-Unternehmen Synthes. 19% des Umsatzes erzielen die Amerikaner mit Konsumgütern, beispielsweise dem bekannten Babyshampoo. Übernahme von Actelion An Geld fehlt es Johnson & Johnson nicht von Dominik Feldges 26.1.2017, 16:15 5. Ist dies der Auftakt zu einem weiteren Übernahmeboom in der Pharmabranche? Besonders aktiv dürften amerikanische Unternehmen werden. Der neue Präsident, Donald Trump, hat weitreichende Steuerreformen in Aussicht gestellt, die es Firmen mit Sitz in den Vereinigten Staaten ermöglichen würden, umfangreiche Barbestände aus dem Ausland gegen Bezahlung eines reduzierten Steuersatzes zu repatriieren. Diese Gelder dürften US-Konzerne in Kauflaune versetzen. Die Schweizer Vertreter Roche und Novartis sahen zuletzt von grossen Transaktionen ab und gaben an, organisch und mit kleineren Ergänzungsakquisitionen wachsen zu wollen. Blitzkarriere eines Roche-Spin-off (sda) Actelion hat sich in weniger als 20 Jahren von einem kleinen Roche-Ableger zu einem hochprofitablen Pharmaunternehmen gemausert. Der Gründer Jean-Paul Clozel ist heute noch Chef, inzwischen von 2560 Festangestellten weltweit. – Actelion gegründet hatten am 17. Dezember 1997 drei frühere Roche-Forscher, die beim Absprung einen vielversprechenden Stoff in Lizenz mitnahmen. Drei Jahre später überzeugte die junge Firma, die zunächst auf Pump vom Geld optimistischer Investoren lebte, die Börse: Beim IPO starteten die Aktien mit einem Rekordwert von 1,2 Milliarden Franken. – Das Vertrauen der Anleger zahlte sich aus, denn 2001 kam mit Tracleer das erste Medikament auf den Markt und schlug ein. Dessen Indikation «lebensbedrohlicher Bluthochdruck im Lungenkreislauf» (PAH) ist bis heute die Stärke der Actelion-Forscher. Im Jahr 2004 erreichte die Firma erstmals die Gewinnschwelle. – Zulassungserweiterungen und Nachfolgemedikamente zum PAH-Fokus sind seither gefolgt. Daneben strebt Actelion als inzwischen grösste europäische Biotech-Firma eine Diversifikation in andere Gebiete und Wirkstoffe an. Unter anderem steht seit 2015 mit Ponesimod ein Mittel gegen Multiple Sklerose in der klinischen Prüfung (Phase III). – Diversifikation soll das PAH-Klumpenrisiko reduzieren. Als die Umsätze wegen des Ablaufs des Patentschutzes für das Firmenstandbein Tracleer sanken, zog Actelion 2012 ein Sparprogramm mit Personalabbau durch. Zuvor hatte 2004 ein Misserfolg in einer klinischen Studie den Aktienkurs absacken lassen. Mittlerweile setzt Actelion 2 Milliarden Franken jährlich um. 2015 wies das Unternehmen einen Reingewinn von 552 Millionen Franken aus. - Actelions Erfolg, symbolisiert auch durch einen spektakulären Konzernsitz der Architekten Herzog & de Meuron in Allschwil bei Basel, hatte schon früher Übernahmegelüste geweckt. So machte 2010 der Hedge-Fund Elliott Advisors Druck auf das Unternehmen zwecks Renditesteigerung. Clozel konterte erfolgreich mit der ersten Dividendenzahlung sowie einem wertsteigernden Aktienrückkauf. Johnson-&-Johnson-Chef Alex Gorsky Ex-Militär an Actelions Fersen von Stefan Paravicini, New York 29.11.2016, 05:30 Zwar war Alex Gorsky auch in die Synthes-Übernahme involviert gewesen, in jüngster Zeit war Johnson & Johnson bei grossen Deals aber zurückhaltend. Ändert sich das jetzt? Pharma-Branche Actelion verhandelt exklusiv mit Johnson & Johnson von Dieter Bachmann 21.12.2016, 18:27 Das Hin und Her um die Baselbieter Pharmafirma Actelion geht weiter: Statt angeblichen Verhandlungen mit Sanofi bestätigt Actelion erneute Verhandlungen mit dem amerikanischen Konzern Johnson & Johnson. Biotech-Übernahme Und täglich grüsst der Actelion-Interessent von Werner Grundlehner 16.12.2016, 11:26 Vermeintliche Insider lassen weitere Details zum Angebot des französischen Pharmakonzerns Sanofi durchsickern. Der Aktienkurs reagiert aber nicht ganz so, wie erwartet wurde. Weitere Übernahmegerüchte Actelion hält die Phantasie am Leben von Werner Grundlehner 14.12.2016, 20:17 Johnson & Johnson zieht sich aus dem Bieterkampf um Actelion zurück. Die französische Sanofi soll mit einem sehr hohen Angebot noch im Rennen sein. Die Aktionäre trauen der Sache aber nicht. Gerüchteküche brodelt Erneut wirbt Johnson & Johnson um Actelion von Werner Grundlehner 21.12.2016, 21:29 Actelion berichtet über ein erneutes Interesse des amerikanischen Pharmakonzerns. Es gibt gute Gründe dafür, dass der Deal diesmal schnell über die Runden geht. Zur startseite Artikel anzeigen Meistgelesen in diesem ressort Wirtschaftswachstum in den USAViel Glück, Donald Trump Martin Lanz, Washington 27.1.2017 Freie Schule im ProblemviertelDeutschlands vernachlässigtes Kapital Christoph Eisenring, Berlin vor 1 Stunde Automarkt JapanFords Rache KommentarPatrick Welter 27.1.2017 Zur Startseite Bundespräsidentin Doris Leuthard«Wir müssen nicht alles tolerieren» Interviewvon Heidi Gmür, Christof Forstervor 3 Stunden Das könnte Sie auch interessieren Service / Newsletter/ Facebook/ Twitter/ Xing/ Google+/ Instagram/ RSS-Feeds/ Apps/ Kontakt & Feedback/ Häufige Fragen/ Leserbriefe/ Impressum/ Netiquette/ AGB & Datenschutz/ Wetter Abonnement / Alle Angebote/ Zeitungen/ Magazine/ E-Paper/ Mein Abo verwalten Marktplätze / Jobs/ Immobilien/ Traueranzeigen NZZ Welt / Shop/ Reisen/ Wein/ Archiv/ Format/ Libro Zeitungen, Magazine und Portale / Neue Zürcher Zeitung/ NZZ am Sonntag/ NZZ Folio/ NZZ Campus/ Frame/ NZZ Geschichte/ NZZ am Sonntag Stil/ NZZ Z/ NZZ Bellevue/ NZZ Bücher am Sonntag/ NZZ Residence/ NZZ Fokus/ NZZ Executive/ NZZ Domizil/ NZZ Chronik/ NZZ.at NZZ Mediengruppe / Unternehmen/ Offene Stellen/ Medienmitteilungen/ LZ Medien/ Tagblatt Medien/ TV und Radio/ NZZ Film/ NZZ Podium/ NZZ Podium Berlin Werbung / Mediadaten/ Inserieren/ Zeitungen/ audienzz/ Rubrikenmärkte/ Kontakt Weitere Angebote / Abnehmprogramm eBalance/ Handelsregister- u. Wirtschaftsinformationen Schweiz/ Handelsregister- u. Wirtschaftsinformationen Deutschland/ Swiss Economic Forum/ Swiss Innovation Forum/ Swiss Technology Award/ Swiss Energy and Climate Summit/ Family Business Award/ NZZ Swiss International Finance Forum/ NZZ X.Days/ NZZ Real Estate Days/ NZZ CEO Dinner/ NZZ Netversity 50/50/ Architonic/ Bauprojektinformationen Schweiz/ Zurich Film Festival Kooperations-Angebote / Parfüm/ Rattan/ Mondovino Copyright © Neue Zürcher Zeitung AG. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Eine Weiterverarbeitung, Wiederveröffentlichung oder dauerhafte Speicherung zu gewerblichen oder anderen Zwecken ohne vorherige ausdrückliche Erlaubnis von Neue Zürcher Zeitung ist nicht gestattet.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > MarketsandMarkets Tweet   U.S. Insomnia Market worth 4.24 Billion USD by 2021 U.S. Insomnia Market by Non-Pharmacological Therapy (CBTI, Hypnotherapy), Prescription Sleep Aids (Benzodiazepines, Non-Benzodiazepines (Zaleplon), Orexin Antagonist) & OTC Treatment (Antihistamine, Melatonin, Valerian Root)) - Forecasts to 2021   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 26, 2017 ) Browse 16 market data tables and 33 figures spread through 144 pages and in-depth TOC on U.S. Insomnia Market" <||>rnhttp://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/us-insomnia-market-55727597.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports. The U.S. insomnia market is projected to reach USD 4.24 Billion by 2021 from USD 3.38 Billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 4.6% during the forecast period. This growth can be attributed to the launch of new drugs for the treatment of insomnia and government support to control rising insomnia cost. However, due to the erosion in branded drugs sales and growing adoption of generics attributed to their low cost and equal efficacy as compared to branded products may hinder the growth of the market. Download PDF Brochure@ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=55727597 Based on the type of treatment, the U.S. insomnia market is segmented into non-pharmacological treatment and pharmacological treatment market. The pharmacological treatment market is further is categorized into prescription sleep aids and over-the-counter sleep aids. The OTC sleep aids segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Owing to their easier availability and low price as compared to prescription sleep aids. Furthermore, the publicity regarding the side effects of the prescription sleep aids has also steered the patients towards OTC sleep aid options. The prescription sleep aids segment is categorised into non-benzodiazepines, benzodiazepines, orexin antagonists, melatonin receptor agonists, and other prescription sleep aids. The orexin antagonist sleep aids segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period due to its greater efficacy than non-benzodiazepine and benzodiazepine drugs. The OTC sleep aids is further segmented into antihistamines, melatonin, valerian roots, and other herbal and dietary supplements. Request Sample Pages@ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsample.asp?id=55727597 The non-pharmacological treatment market is categorised into cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia (CBTI), hypnotherapy, and other alternative therapies. The other alternative therapies include exercise/ yoga, acupuncture, biofeedback, bright light therapy, music therapy, and aroma therapy. Most of these therapies are given in combination with CBTI and hypnotherapies in order to provide better results for insomnia patients. CBTI is the highly recommended treatment option for insomnia patients due to its most effective use with multiple approaches such as relaxation training, cognitive therapy, stimulus control (SC), sleep restriction therapy (SRT), sleep hygiene, biofeedback, and others that help doctors to understand and cure patient comprehensively. CBTI is followed by hypnotherapy, due to its advantage of curing insomnia with its root cause. Some of the major players in the U.S. insomnia market market include Eisai Co., Ltd. (Japan), Meda Consumer Healthcare Inc. (U.S.), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Pernix Therapeutics Holdings (U.S.), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Sanofi S.A. (France), Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. (Japan), and Vanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc (U.S.). About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model  GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&Ms flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan Markets and Markets UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ Magarpatta city, Hadapsar Pune, Maharashtra 411013, India 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Contact Information: MarketsandMarkets Mr. Rohan Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:34 GMT +328 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Reviled ‘Pharma Bro’ Martin Shkreli Doses Drug Companies with Their Own Medicine © AP Photo/ ASSOCIATED PRESS US 05:29 26.01.2017Get short URL 4103992 Martin Shkreli, former CEO of several pharmaceutical companies, who had earned himself the title of the “most hated man in America,” has set up a website to reveal the dirty deeds of other pharmaceutical companies. © AP Photo/ David Becker Bernie Sanders Demands Investigation of Big Pharma Pushing Opioid DrugsShkreli became notorious when his company, Turing Pharmaceuticals, hiked prices on its specialized drug Daraprim, used to ease certain conditions in HIV-positive patients, by some 5000 percent. When subpoenaed to answer questions on the price increases, Shkreli proved himself to be arrogant and intractable, at one point refusing to answer all questions, except for those relating to his name, in front of a panel convened by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for the US House of Representatives. He later tweeted that he considered the lawmakers to be ‘imbeciles.' The pharmaceutical industry and Stephen Ubl, CEO of the trade group Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), quickly distanced themselves from Shkreli. In a response, Shkreli launched a website detailing how his crimes are only a very small part of a much larger ongoing practice within the pharmaceutical industry. The website, called Pharma Skeletons, is a simple text-only page that lists pharmaceutical giants like AbbVie, Allergan, Merck, Novo Nordisk, and many others. Each listing is accompanied by short, often personal, notes and links to news articles pointing out those companies' remarkably similar wrongdoings and shady business practices. "This website took me half an hour to make, just 'membering a few moments from the past. Pharma is a wonderful industry that does great things, but trying to throw me under the bus is foolish," Shkreli notes on the site. Shkreli's site appears to be an attempt to counter comments made by PhRMA boss Ubl during an appearance on CNBC, in which the latter announced an initiative called GOBOLDLY, diverting public attention from unethical business practices in the pharmaceutical industry by pointing to expensive and groundbreaking drug innovation. During that appearance, Ubl remarked that there should be more attention paid to researchers in "lab coats" and less notice paid to people in "hoodies," a clear reference to Shkreli's choice of outerwear. "Stephen Ubl, don't you dare point your finger at me for the pharmaceutical industry's troubles. It turns out we've all made some unpopular moves," Shkreli wrote. Shkreli, in attempting to justify his own questionable actions, claimed that, as a CEO, he received "a very low or zero salary" at his companies. "Your CEOs enjoy the fat paychecks they receive from price increases. I put my money from price increases into research," Shkreli wrote. Shkreli promised to update his website regularly. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 92 Related: Scandal Heats Up as Martin Shkreli Resigns as CEO of Drug Company Homemade 3D Printed Drugs Becoming Reality Pilot in Deadly Hot Air Balloon Crash Had Taken Multiple Prescription Drugs Tags: pharmaceutics, whistleblowing, website, Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), Martin Shkreli, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 05:53 26.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete so now he is attempting to change his profile and to become one of the whistle blowing good guys? :) Reply Trihalo42in reply tomichael(Show commentHide comment) 07:02 26.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete michael, I think it's more a mentality of, "If I'm going down, I'm taking you all with me"Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 11:42Get Out! Daesh to Leave Syria's al-Bab Amid Turkish Offensive 11:35Putin, Nazarbayev Agree Astana Talks Give 'Serious Impetus' to Syrian Settlement 11:11Free for All: Post-Brexit UK to Thrive by Abolishing All Tariffs, Economist Says 10:54The Odd Story of Norwegian Intel, Russian Spies, Poroshenko and the Nobel Prize 10:27Moscow Not Planning Anyone Else Joining Putin-Trump Talks From Russian SideAll news Trump Foiled Soros' Master Plan to Impose New World Order - Hedge Fund Manager 13466 India's Home-Made 'Eye-in-Sky' to Fly at Republic Day March for First Time 11130 India to Buy Hundreds of Missiles for Russian Self Propelled Air Defence System 10352 Paging Men in Black: NASA Cuts Live Feed After Object Appears on ISS Camera 9660 India Begins Constructing Movable Bunkers on Border With China 9653All news Trump Foiled Soros' Master Plan to Impose New World Order - Hedge Fund Manager 47 US Fact-Checking Institute Sponsored by Soros on War Path Against 'Fake News' 37 Secret Service Agent Scrutinized for Refusal to ‘Take Bullet for Trump’ 35 President Trump Signs Executive Order to Build Border Wall 31 Victoria 'F*ck the EU' Nuland Leaves Her Post at the US State Department 28All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures War Games Hostility Towards Russia in the Global Media News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it National AP National News Calendar The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Associated Press By Associated Press January 27 at 4:12 PM Eds: Major scheduled events for the week of Jan. 29 - Feb. 4. Note that many events are subject to change at the last minute. The following economic reports will be issued in Washington (all times EST), unless otherwise noted: SUNDAY: No events of note. MONDAY: Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for December, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for December, 10 a.m. TUESDAY: Standard & Poor’s releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for November, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates. Aetna Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Pfizer Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. United Parcel Service Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. WEDNESDAY: Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. THURSDAY: Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. FRIDAY: Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. SATURDAY: No events of note. ___ SUNDAY, JAN. 29 No events of note. ___ MONDAY, JAN. 30 WASHINGTON — Supreme Court on break until Feb. 21. ___ TUESDAY, JAN. 31 WASHINGTON — Senate Judiciary Committee vote on the nomination of Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. WASHINGTON — Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committees votes on the nominations of Rick Perry to be energy secretary and Ryan Zinke to be interior secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the nomination of Betsy DeVos to be education secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on North Korea. ___ WEDNESDAY, FEB. 1 Defense Secretary James Mattis visits Japan and South Korea, through Feb. 4. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce Committee hearing on the nation’s health law. WASHINGTON — House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on upgrading the country’s infrastructure. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the individual health insurance market. WASHINGTON — Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on fencing along the Southwest border. ___ THURSDAY, FEB. 2 WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump plans to announce his Supreme Court nominee. WASHINGTON — National Prayer Breakfast. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce subcommittee hearing on school choice. WASHINGTON — House Foreign Affairs subcommittee hearing on Israel, the Palestinians and the United Nations. LONDON — Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON — Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO — Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI — RBI decision on interest rates. Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. ___ FRIDAY, FEB. 3 LONDON — Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO — Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. ___ SATURDAY, FEB. 4 No events of note. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. national Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 ‘What not to do': Fla. fisherman who hauled in $500,000 worth of cocaine faces life in prison 2 How a Secret Service controversy turned an innocent professor’s life into an online nightmare 3 ‘We have a fire in the cockpit!’ The Apollo 1 disaster 50 years later. 4 Scientists create a part-human, part-pig embryo — raising the possibility of interspecies organ transplants 5 A Trump supporter was charged with voting twice. Her lawyer says she shouldn’t stand trial. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game national Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Art Rosenfeld, pioneer in energy efficiency, dies 2 taken into custody amid South Bay search for bank robber, SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations AP FACT CHECK: Trump cites man's dubious voter fraud claims US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians US no longer has geography as defense, ally in cybercombat Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Against Cal, Stanford needs another big game from Allen All-Star Game’s live spectacle doesn’t translate on TV Steve Kerr to play 4 Warriors at once in All-Star Game California Chrome chasing history in last race Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/AP-National-News-Calendar-10889632.php AP National News Calendar The Associated Press Updated 1:13 pm, Friday, January 27, 2017 Eds: Major scheduled events for the week of Jan. 29 - Feb. 4. Note that many events are subject to change at the last minute. The following economic reports will be issued in Washington (all times EST), unless otherwise noted: SUNDAY: No events of note. MONDAY: Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for December, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for December, 10 a.m. TUESDAY: Standard & Poor's releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for November, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates. Aetna Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Pfizer Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. United Parcel Service Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. WEDNESDAY: Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. THURSDAY: Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. FRIDAY: Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. SATURDAY: No events of note. ___ SUNDAY, JAN. 29 No events of note. ___ MONDAY, JAN. 30 WASHINGTON — Supreme Court on break until Feb. 21. ___ TUESDAY, JAN. 31 WASHINGTON — Senate Judiciary Committee vote on the nomination of Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. WASHINGTON — Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committees votes on the nominations of Rick Perry to be energy secretary and Ryan Zinke to be interior secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the nomination of Betsy DeVos to be education secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on North Korea. ___ WEDNESDAY, FEB. 1 Defense Secretary James Mattis visits Japan and South Korea, through Feb. 4. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce Committee hearing on the nation's health law. WASHINGTON — House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on upgrading the country's infrastructure. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the individual health insurance market. WASHINGTON — Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on fencing along the Southwest border. ___ THURSDAY, FEB. 2 WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump plans to announce his Supreme Court nominee. WASHINGTON — National Prayer Breakfast. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce subcommittee hearing on school choice. WASHINGTON — House Foreign Affairs subcommittee hearing on Israel, the Palestinians and the United Nations. LONDON — Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON — Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO — Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI — RBI decision on interest rates. Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. ___ FRIDAY, FEB. 3 LONDON — Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO — Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. ___ SATURDAY, FEB. 4 No events of note. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FIRST WEEK Trump bars all refugees from entering U.S. for 4 months SF archbishop: Church will aid undocumented immigrants Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop Zuckerberg ‘concerned’ by Trump immigration moves How a 20-percent Mexico tax could affect CA US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Morford: Week One of Go to Hell, America LATEST NEWS Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘Renaissance people’ SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek Lawsuit accuses Baylor football program of 52 'acts of rape' 2 in custody amid South Bay search for bank robber Actor Anthony Michael Hall sued for assault Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup Melania eats jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover, public furious Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall Pena Nieto says Trump agreed not to talk about wall funding John Hurt, Oscar nominated for 'Elephant Man,' dies at 77 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes 20 homeowners at Millennium sue developer, SF Orwell’s ‘1984’ is a hot item at SF libraries 2017 isn't '1984' – it's stranger than Orwell imagined TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild, unexpected consequences of the recent Calif. storms Offbeat and not, 25 'only in SF' spots to take tourists Ex-NBAer and NCAA star found dead at age 50 SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $69 OFF: This three-day juice cleanse will reset and nourish... This Apple Mail plugin is like a personal assistant for your... Most Popular 1 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 2 Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists 3 Wild unexpected consequences of the recent California storms 4 Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘true Renaissance people’ 5 Anthony Michael Hall Sued for Assault and Battery Over Alleged... 6 SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek 7 Week One of Go to Hell, America 8 SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night 9 Why SF Supervisor London Breed is offering Trump a room on... 10 Facebook’s Zuckerberg ‘Concerned’ by Trump Immigration... LATEST NEWS Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘Renaissance people’ SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek Lawsuit accuses Baylor football program of 52 'acts of rape' 2 in custody amid South Bay search for bank robber Actor Anthony Michael Hall sued for assault Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AP National News Calendar By Associated Press Published: 16:11 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 16:11 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail Eds: Major scheduled events for the week of Jan. 29 - Feb. 4. Note that many events are subject to change at the last minute. The following economic reports will be issued in Washington (all times EST), unless otherwise noted: SUNDAY: No events of note. MONDAY: Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for December, 8:30 a.m.; National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for December, 10 a.m. TUESDAY: Standard & Poor's releases S&P/Case-Shiller index of home prices for November, 9 a.m.; The Conference Board releases the Consumer Confidence Index for January, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates. Aetna Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Pfizer Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. United Parcel Service Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Exxon Mobil Corp. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. WEDNESDAY: Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.; Federal Reserve policymakers meet to set interest rates and release statement, 2 p.m. THURSDAY: Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims, 8:30 a.m.; Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.; Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m. FRIDAY: Labor Department releases employment data for January, 8:30 a.m.; Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for January, 10 a.m.; Commerce Department releases factory orders for December, 10 a.m. SATURDAY: No events of note. ___ SUNDAY, JAN. 29 No events of note. ___ MONDAY, JAN. 30 WASHINGTON — Supreme Court on break until Feb. 21. ___ TUESDAY, JAN. 31 WASHINGTON — Senate Judiciary Committee vote on the nomination of Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. WASHINGTON — Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committees votes on the nominations of Rick Perry to be energy secretary and Ryan Zinke to be interior secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the nomination of Betsy DeVos to be education secretary. WASHINGTON — Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on North Korea. ___ WEDNESDAY, FEB. 1 Defense Secretary James Mattis visits Japan and South Korea, through Feb. 4. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce Committee hearing on the nation's health law. WASHINGTON — House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on upgrading the country's infrastructure. WASHINGTON — Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the individual health insurance market. WASHINGTON — Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on fencing along the Southwest border. ___ THURSDAY, FEB. 2 WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump plans to announce his Supreme Court nominee. WASHINGTON — National Prayer Breakfast. WASHINGTON — House Education and the Workforce subcommittee hearing on school choice. WASHINGTON — House Foreign Affairs subcommittee hearing on Israel, the Palestinians and the United Nations. LONDON — Oil giant Shell reports fourth-quarter earnings. LONDON — Anglo-Swedish drug firm AstraZeneca reports fourth-quarter earnings. TOKYO — Sony reports earnings. NEW DELHI — RBI decision on interest rates. Merck & Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens. Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes. ___ FRIDAY, FEB. 3 LONDON — Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline reports fourth quarter earnings. TOKYO — Japanese automaker Honda reports third quarter earnings. ___ SATURDAY, FEB. 4 No events of note. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates Calendar Calendar Inside the Market Calendar: What investors need to know for the week ahead Add to ... The Globe and Mail Published Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 1:14PM EST Last updated Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 1:14PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article A daily rundown of the economic reports and corporate earnings that will be grabbing the market's attention in the week ahead. Monday January 30 Japan retail sales and Bank of Japan decision and outlook report Euro Area economic confidence, consumer confidence and consumer price index China markets closed (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. personal spending and income for December. The consensus projections are increases of 0.4 per cent for both from November. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. core PCE price index for December. Consensus is an increase of 0.1 per cent from November and 1.7 per cent year over year. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. pending home sales for December. Consensus is a rise of 1.5 per cent from the previous month. (10:30 a.m. ET) U.S. Dallas Fed manufacturing activity for January. Earnings include: Affiliated Managers Group Inc.; Alarmforce Industries Inc.; General Growth Properties Inc.; IDEX Corp.; Packaging Corp of America.; Principal Financial Group Inc.; Reinsurance Group of America Inc.; Teranga Gold Corp.; UDR Inc. === Tuesday January 31 Japan jobless rate, household spending and industrial production Bank of Japan decision and outlook report Euro Area real GDP, CPI and jobless rate Germany unemployment and retail sales U.K. consumer confidence and parliament to debate Brexit process China markets closed (8:30 a.m. ET) Canada real GDP at basic prices for November. Consensus projection is a 0.3-per-cent increase from October. (8:30 a.m. ET) Canada industrial product price index and raw materials price index for December. Estimate is increases of 0.7 per cent and 6.0 per cent, respectively, from November. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. employment cost index for Q4. Consensus is an increase of 0.6 per cent from Q3 and 2.4 per cent year over year. (8:55 a.m. ET) U.S. Redbook (9 a.m. ET) U.S. Case-Shiller Home Price Index (20 City) for November. Consensus is an increase of 0.6 per cent from October and 5.0 per cent year over year. (9:45 a.m. ET) U.S. Chicago PMI for January. Consensus is 55.0, up from 53.9 in December. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index for January. Consensus projection is 112.5, down from 113.7 in December. (5:20 p.m. ET) Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz speaks at the University of Alberta Business School in Edmonton with a press conference to follow at 6:40. Also: U.S. Federal Open Market Committee meeting begins Earnings include: Allstate Corp.; Altria Group Inc.; Anthem Inc.; ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc.; Baxter International Inc.; Cabot Corp.; Calian Group Ltd.; Celanese Corp.; Dominion Resources Inc.; Edwards Lifesciences Corp.; Exco Technologies Ltd.; Facebook Inc.; Fidelity National Financial Inc.; Ingersoll-Rand PLC; Johnson Controls International PLC; Marathon Petroleum Corp.; Metlife Inc.; Owens-Illinois Inc.; Pitney Bowes Inc.; PPL Corp.; Siemens AG; Symantec Corp. === Wednesday February 1 Japan manufacturing PMI Euro Area and UK manufacturing PMI China PMI and markets closed (8:15 a.m. ET) U.S. ADP national employment report for January. Consensus is an increase of 165,000 from previous month (10 a.m. ET) U.S. manufacturing ISM for January. Consensus is 55.0, up from 54.5 in December. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. construction spending for December. Consensus is an increase of 0.2 per cent from November. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. mortgage delinquencies for Q4/ (9:30 a.m. ET) Canada market manufacturing PMI for January (10:30 a.m. ET) EIA petroleum status report (2 p.m. ET) U.S. Federal Open Market Committee announcement Also: Canada auto sales for January; U.S. Ward’s Total Vehicle Sales for January Earnings include: Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Aetna Inc.; Aflac Inc.; AmerisourceBergen Corp.; Anadarko Petroleum Corp.; Apple Inc.; C.H. Robinson Worldwide Inc.; Chubb Ltd.; CIT Group Inc.; Coach Inc.; Danaher Corp.; Electronic Arts Inc.; Eli Lilly and Co.; Equity Residential; Exxon Mobil Corp.; Harley-Davidson Inc.; Imperial Oil Ltd.; Indigo Books and Music Inc.; Mastercard Inc.; Nasdaq Inc.; Nucor Corp.; PACCAR Inc.; Pfizer Inc.; Simon Property Group Inc.; Sprint Corp.; Under Armour Inc.; United Parcel Service Inc.; United States Steel Corp.; Valero Energy Corp.; W. R. Berkley Corp.; Xerox Corp. === Thursday February 2 Japan consumer confidence Euro Area producer price index and ECB economic bulletin U.K. construction PMI, Bank of England monetary policy, announcement, minutes and quarterly inflation report (followed by press conference by governor Mark Carney) China markets closed (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. initial jobless claims for the week of Jan. 28. Estimate is 250,000, a decline of 9,000 from previous week. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. productivity and unit labour costs for Q4 (P). Consensus projections are annualized rate increases of 1.0 per cent and 2.2 per cent from Q3, respectively. (10:30 a.m. ET) EIA natural gas report. (4:30 p.m. ET) U.S. money supply Earnings include: A. O. Smith Corp.; Amazon.com Inc.; Amgen Inc.; Apartment Investment and Management Co.; athenahealth Inc.; Autoliv Inc.; Ball Corp.; BCE Inc.; Becton Dickinson and Co.; Boston Scientific Corp.; Callaway Golf Co.; CMS Energy Corp.; Computer Sciences Corp.; ConocoPhillips; Daimler AG;  Deutsche Bank AG; Eaton Corporation PLC; EQT Corp.; Essex Property Trust Inc.; Estee Lauder Companies Inc.; Ferrari NV; Genworth MI Canada Inc.; Harris Corp.; International Paper Co.; Kimco Realty Corp.; Kingsway Financial Services Inc.; Magellan Midstream Partners LP; Manitoba Telecom Services Inc.; MEG Energy Corp.; Merck & Co Inc.; Motorola Solutions Inc.; New York Times Co.;  Nokia Corp.; Open Text Corp.; Parker-Hannifin Corp.; Philip Morris International Inc.; Ralph Lauren Corp.; Sirius XM Holdings Inc.; Snap-On Inc.; Valero Energy Partners LP; Visa Inc.; Wi-Lan Inc.; Xcel Energy Inc.; Xylem Inc. === Friday February 3 Japan PMI Euro Area retail sales and PMI UK PMI China manufacturing PMI (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. non-farm payrolls (with revisions) for January. Consensus is an increase of 170,000. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. unemployment rate for January. Consensus is 4.7 per cent, unchanged from December. (8:30 a.m. ET) U.S. average hourly earnings for January. Consensus is an increase of 0.3 per cent from December and 2.8 per cent year over year. (10 a.m. ET) U.S. factory orders for December. Consensus is an increase of 1.4 per cent from November. (1 p.m. ET) Baker-Hughes rig count. Earnings include: Apollo Global Management LLC.; AutoNation Inc.; Brookfield Property Partners L.P.; Clorox Co.; Hershey Co.; LyondellBasell Industries NV; Phillips 66; Silvercorp Metals Inc.; Weyerhaeuser Co. Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeInvestor   Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Celebrate the year of the rooster with the best Chinese dishes Vancouver has to offer Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success Life Five reasons to never do crunches again ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees News Rona Ambrose calls Liberal cash-for-access law a 'smokescreen' Life Video: The secret life of New York's pet pigs Report on Business Investing in gold in volatile times ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business How five companies broke out from the pack Globe Investor Reasons why you should not bank on an inheritance More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Jan. 28: Your daily horoscope NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ Elephant Man, Midnight Express actor John Hurt dead at 77 Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year How does Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister spend his working holiday in Costa Rica? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Wall Street Daily Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us WSD Team Contact Us Archives Ensure Email Delivery Frequently Asked Questions Broker Listing How Will We Stop the Rise of Superbugs? Published Thu, Jan 19, 2017  |  David Dittman, Contributing Writer A Nevada woman is dead because of an infection that was able to fend off every available antibiotic in the United States. Be afraid. Be very afraid. It’s happening. AMR is killing Americans. It’s not some descendent of al-Qaida or an offshoot of ISIL. Nor is it some new disease. It’s “antimicrobial resistance.” And like all the trouble in the post-Cold War world coming back to haunt us, it’s a serious case of blowback. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), AMR describes “the ability of a microorganism (like bacteria, viruses, and some parasites) to stop an antimicrobial (such as antibiotics, antivirals and anti-malarials) from working against it. As a result, standard treatments become ineffective, infections persist and may spread to others.” STAT News has it all in a January 12, 2017, headline: “A Nevada Woman Dies of a Superbug Resistant to Every Available Antibiotic in the U.S.” Writes Helen Braswell: Public health officials from Nevada are reporting on a case of a woman who died in Reno in September from an incurable infection. Testing showed the superbug that had spread throughout her system could fend off 26 different antibiotics. “It was tested against everything that’s available in the United States… and was not effective,” said Dr. Alexander Kallen, a medical officer in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s division of healthcare quality promotion. So-called superbugs are ascendant because of us. “We misuse antibiotics everywhere,” noted Dame Sally Davies, Chief Medical Officer for England, in a September 23, 2016, conversation with William Karesh of the Council on Foreign Relations. “They’re used for growth promotion and in well animals,” Davies explained. “So they’re actually substituting for good hygiene and sanitation. And as a result, infections — drug-resistant infections — are more prevalent in the States.” Use of antibiotics in agriculture, aquaculture, ethanol production and other everyday applications “provides multiple opportunities for the selection and spread of antibiotic-resistant bacteria,” read a study in PLoS Biology. “Testing showed the superbug that had spread throughout her system could fend off 26 different antibiotics.” According to STAT News’ Braswell, the Nevada woman had actually traveled extensively in India in recent years. She broke her femur a couple years back while on the subcontinent and subsequently developed an infection for which she was hospitalized there “a number of times,” the final instance in June 2016. In mid-August, she was hospitalized in Reno and diagnosed with an infection of Klebsiella pneumoniae, which are generally linked with urinary tract infections. Klebsiella pneumoniae are part of more generic classification, carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, or CRE, “bacteria that commonly live in the gut that have developed resistance to the class of antibiotics called carbapenems.” As Braswell notes: “CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden has called CREs ‘nightmare bacteria’ because of the danger they pose for spreading antibiotic resistance.” That this isn’t strictly a homegrown AMR is no cause for comfort. Dr. James Johnson, a professor of infectious diseases medicine at the University of Minnesota, tells Braswell it’s “highly improbable” that the Nevada woman is the “only person in the U.S.” similarly afflicted. It’s likely that other Americans “are carrying similar bacteria in their guts and could become sick at some point.” Indeed, Johnson thinks “this is the harbinger of future badness to come.” And it’s already pretty bad. As we discussed in the October 19, 2016, issue of Wall Street Daily: According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, at least 2 million people per year in the United States become infected with bacteria resistant to antibiotics, and at least 23,000 people die as a direct result of these infections. Worldwide, the number is more than 700,000. By 2050, we could be looking at 10 million AMR-related deaths per year. For reference’s sake, cancer kills about 8.2 million worldwide annually. Last October, we highlighted a handful of companies that were beginning to respond to this emerging threat, including France-based Eligo Bioscience, which is researching a CRISPR/Cas-based solution to the AMR problem. It’s likely that other Americans “are carrying similar bacteria in their guts and could become sick at some point.” Indeed, Johnson thinks “this is the harbinger of future badness to come.” Eligo recently won the Startup Battle at Labiotech Refresh, the premier biotech conference in the European Union. As Clara Rodríguez Fernández writes for Labiotech, “The startup’s revolutionary approach consists in delivering CRISPR via phages to selectively kill nocive bacterial strains. These ‘sequence-specific antimicrobials discriminate the bugs at the strain level while leaving the rest of the flora completely intact.’ Since a healthy microbiome is closely linked with multiple aspects of human health, this technique could make a big change in how we fight disease.” Seres Therapeutics Inc. (MCRB), a $400 million company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, is developing an investigational oral microbiome therapeutic for the prevention of Clostridium difficile infection (CDI). CDI, according to the Centers for Disease Control, is one of the top three most urgent antibiotic-resistant bacterial threats in the United States. Meanwhile, Allergan Plc (AGN), AstraZeneca Plc (AZN), GlaxoSmithKline Plc (GSK), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Merck & Co. Inc. (MRK), Novartis AG (NVS), Pfizer Inc. (PFE), and Sanofi SA (SNY) have formed an alliance to plot a “roadmap to combat antimicrobial resistance. These are major movers in a market that could swell from $11.3 million in 2015 to $433.5 million by 2025. A little more news like that out of Nevada just might make antibiotics a lot more lucrative. Money Quote The ideal subject of totalitarian rule is not the convinced Nazi or the convinced communist, but people for whom the distinction between fact and fiction (i.e., the reality of experience) and the distinction between true and false (i.e., the standards of thought) no longer exist. — Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism Smart Investing, David Dittman Editorial Director, Wall Street Daily Related Articles Where Would We Be Without Bacteria? Purdue: Drug Company or Genocidal Maniac? Gene Editing: CRISPR Patent Dispute Can’t Slow Innovation Three Bullish Forces Boost Brexit Outcome Add Comment Cancel reply Name (required, will be published) Mail (required, will not be published) Website Click to cancel reply Innovation Friday Charts: Unicorns, Hot IPOs and a Biotech Buyout Binge By Louis Basenese - Jan 27, 2017 A picture can be worth a thousand words. Even for investors. So we’re going back to our roots – and letting a few carefully selected charts do the talking every Friday GeoMacro Trump Border Tax Plan Could Spark a Trade War By Martin Hutchinson - Jan 25, 2017 President Trump envisions a border tax levied against any American company that has moved its operation overseas. But will a border tax truly solve America’s lopsided trade problem? Special Situations Where Would We Be Without Bacteria? By David Dittman - Jan 23, 2017 Recent research has shed a lot of new light on the role of bacteria in human life, in the very beginning and at the cutting edge of modern bioengineering. SEARCH Search for: Search Powered by Ajaxy premium research True Alpha VentureCap Strategist Extreme Alpha company About Contributors Contact Us Whitelist Instructions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Syndicate Us FAQ learn more Free Reports Premium Research Income Growth Commodities Geomacro Money Trading Funds Saturday Spotlight contact us T. 1.800.708.1020 T. 410.454.0499 F. 410.864.1650 808 St Paul St. Baltimore, MD 21202 © 2017 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.
