Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GW&K Investment Management LLC Buys 18,340 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) is Augustine Asset Management Inc.’s 4th Largest Position Private Capital Advisors Inc. Has $764,000 Position in The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Laurel Grove Capital LLC Has $1,217,000 Stake in Home Depot Inc (HD) Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Shares Sold by Creative Planning Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Shares Bought by Creative Planning Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Position Boosted by Hefty Wealth Partners ScanSource, Inc. (SCSC) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Stellus Capital Investment Corp (SCM) to Sell Kona Grill Inc (KONA) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.16) Per Share Sandvik AB (SDVKY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Macquarie Group Ltd. Raises Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Peachtree Investment Advisors Inc. Has $1.232 Million Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. Rathbone Brothers plc Reduces Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Macquarie Group Ltd. Sells 4,500 Shares of Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Echostar Co. (SATS) to Hold ROTORK (RTOXY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Leucadia National Corp.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (LUK) Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (OMED) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.65) Per Share GW&K Investment Management LLC Buys 18,340 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet GW&K Investment Management LLC increased its position in Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 4.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 408,948 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 18,340 shares during the period. GW&K Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $25,985,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Intellectus Partners LLC acquired a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $103,000. Blume Capital Management Inc. raised its position in Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $135,000. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $135,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC raised its position in Merck & Co. by 50.6% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 2,678 shares of the company’s stock valued at $158,000 after buying an additional 900 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.57 on Friday. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 1-year low of $53.59 and a 1-year high of $66.80. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $63.04 and its 200 day moving average price is $62.56. The company has a market cap of $174.54 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.52 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. also was the target of some unusual options trading on Wednesday. Stock traders purchased 526 put options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 133% compared to the typical daily volume of 226 put options. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. Merck & Co.’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.89 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “GW&K Investment Management LLC Buys 18,340 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/gwk-investment-management-llc-buys-18340-shares-of-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. Several research analysts recently weighed in on MRK shares. Bryan, Garnier & Co started coverage on Merck & Co. in a research report on Friday, January 13th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $69.31 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Zacks Investment Research raised Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Merck & Co. currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $68.49. In related news, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total value of $317,700.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 14,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $909,702.18. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CrowdReviews.com and Madridge Publishers Announce The 2nd International Nursing Conference CrowdReviews.com and Madridge Publishers Announce The 2nd International Nursing Conference Naples, FL, May 13, 2017 –(PR.com)– 2nd International Nursing Conference is going to be held during November 1-3, 2017 at Barcelona, Spain. Nursing-2017 features highly enlightening and interactive sessions to encourage the exchange of ideas across a wide range of disciplines in the field of nursing. They invite the contributions related to nursing research. You can submit your work in these broad themes. For conference themes please see: http://nursing.madridge.com/conference-themes.php The 1st International Conference on Nursing event was a huge success; they also welcomed the exposure to the new research and advancements presented during the 3 day conference. The conference has a gathering of 200 nursing professionals from 18 different countries all over the world. Nursing-2016 Speakers and Delegates: · Nezam Al-Nsair, University of Mount Union, USA · Phyllis Hansell, Seton Hall University, USA · Yvonne Ramlall, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Canada · Michael Jacqueline Lall, University of Texas at Arlington, USA · Khlood Salman, Duquesne University, USA · Jih-Yuan Chen, Kaohsiung Medical University, Taiwan · Claire Donnellan, Trinity College, Ireland · Francis Florencio, AUT University, Newzealand · Maude Hebert, University of Quebec in Trois-Rivieres, Canada · Julie Slade, Chatham University, USA · Manal Alatrash, Western University of Health Sciences/College of Graduate Nursing, USA · Amera Rashed, Menoufyia University, Egypt · Shauna Davies, University of Regina, Canada · Muder Alkrisat, Chamberlain College of Nursing, USA · Linda J. Ulak, Seton Hall University, USA · Dawn Marie Nair, St. Vincent’s College, USA · Kristen Crusoe, Oregon Health & Sciences University, USA · Ma’en ZaidAbu-Qamar, Edith Cowan University, Australia · Pia Yngman-Uhlin, Linköping University, Sweden · Ana Peliteiro Neto, Emirates Home Nursing, Saudi Arabia · Seamus Cowman, Royal College of Surgeons Ireland Bahrain, Bahrain · Audrey Cund, University of the West of Scotland, UK · Louise Johnston, University of the West of Scotland, UK · Sherry Arvidson, University of Regina, Canada · Laureen Turner, University of San Francisco, USA · Hazel Kyle, University of the West of Scotland, UK · Johanna McMullan, Queens University, uk · Nasreena Waheed, Charles Dawin University, Australia · Maryann Godshall, Drexel University, USA · Muyssar Sabri Awadhalla, University of Bahrain, Bahrain · Kristina Schildmeijer, Linnaeus University, Sweden · Susan Carlisle, Queen’s University Belfast , UK · Carin Ericsson, Linköping University, Sweden · Ghada ghamdi, University of Dhammam, Saudi Arabia · Janna Skagerström, Linköping University, Sweden · Sylvia Godelia, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Canada · Ahmed Maghari, Merck KSA · Ahmed Naser, Merck KSA · Ahmed Niaze, Merck KSA · Aida Mohamed, Merck KSA · Areej Khan, Merck KSA · Faten Ahmad, Merck KSA · Faten Ezzeddine, Merck KSA · Fatima Al Maghrabi, Merck KSA · Fayza Hassanin, Merck KSA · Hani Alismaeel, Merck KSA Nursing-2017 Organizing Committee: · Sheila Ryan, University of Nebraska Medical Center, USA · Samy A. Azer, King Saud University, Saudi Arabia · Vivien Dee, Azusa Pacific University, USA · Birsen Yurugen, Okan University of Health Sciences, Turkey · Amal Kadry Nicola Attia, University of Sharjah, Saudi Arabia · Nurhan Bayraktar, Near East University, Turkey · Esther Christian Sellars, The University of Tennessee at Martin, USA · Nezam Al-Nsair, University of Mount Union, USA · Khlood Salman, Duquesne University, USA · Michael Jacqueline Lall, The University of Texas at Arlington,USA · Mohammad Al Qadire, Al Al-Bayt University, Jordan · Aysegel Durmaz, Dumlupinar University, Turkey Nursing-2017 is organizing an outstanding Scientific Exhibition/Program and anticipates the world’s leading specialists involved in Nursing Research. They welcome Sponsorship and Exhibitions from the Companies and Organizations who wish to showcase their products at this exciting event. Register for the conference and book your slots at: http://nursing.madridge.com/register.php Contact person: Bhagya Rekha nursing@madridge.com nursing@madridge.net CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Attorney Megan E. Waugh Appointed to the Los Angeles Superior Court Probate Volunteer Panel Next PostNext AURAK Signs MoU with University of Illinois Search Recent Posts As Part Of Choosing Wisely® Campaign American Urological Association Identifies Third List Of Commonly Used Tests And Treatments To Question Vice Chairman Delivers Commencement Remarks at Webster University Susan Burton Gives a Voice to Formerly Incarcerated Women Through Her Memoir and JustUS Voices: A Living Library SelectMDx for Prostate Cancer Guides Patient Selection for mpMRI Sri Lanka: Accelerating Higher Education Expansion and Development Operation RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Company Overview Products & Services Contact Info & Offices Press Releases topseos.com Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from topseos.com: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: CrowdReviews.com and Madridge Publishers Announce The 2nd International Nursing Conference Naples, FL, May 13, 2017 --(PR.com)-- 2nd International Nursing Conference is going to be held during November 1-3, 2017 at Barcelona, Spain. Nursing-2017 features highly enlightening and interactive sessions to encourage the exchange of ideas across a wide range of disciplines in the field of nursing. They invite the contributions related to nursing research. You can submit your work in these broad themes. For conference themes please see: http://nursing.madridge.com/conference-themes.php The 1st International Conference on Nursing event was a huge success; they also welcomed the exposure to the new research and advancements presented during the 3 day conference. The conference has a gathering of 200 nursing professionals from 18 different countries all over the world. Nursing-2016 Speakers and Delegates: · Nezam Al-Nsair, University of Mount Union, USA · Phyllis Hansell, Seton Hall University, USA · Yvonne Ramlall, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Canada · Michael Jacqueline Lall, University of Texas at Arlington, USA · Khlood Salman, Duquesne University, USA · Jih-Yuan Chen, Kaohsiung Medical University, Taiwan · Claire Donnellan, Trinity College, Ireland · Francis Florencio, AUT University, Newzealand · Maude Hebert, University of Quebec in Trois-Rivieres, Canada · Julie Slade, Chatham University, USA · Manal Alatrash, Western University of Health Sciences/College of Graduate Nursing, USA · Amera Rashed, Menoufyia University, Egypt · Shauna Davies, University of Regina, Canada · Muder Alkrisat, Chamberlain College of Nursing, USA · Linda J. Ulak, Seton Hall University, USA · Dawn Marie Nair, St. Vincent's College, USA · Kristen Crusoe, Oregon Health & Sciences University, USA · Ma'en ZaidAbu-Qamar, Edith Cowan University, Australia · Pia Yngman-Uhlin, Linköping University, Sweden · Ana Peliteiro Neto, Emirates Home Nursing, Saudi Arabia · Seamus Cowman, Royal College of Surgeons Ireland Bahrain, Bahrain · Audrey Cund, University of the West of Scotland, UK · Louise Johnston, University of the West of Scotland, UK · Sherry Arvidson, University of Regina, Canada · Laureen Turner, University of San Francisco, USA · Hazel Kyle, University of the West of Scotland, UK · Johanna McMullan, Queens University, uk · Nasreena Waheed, Charles Dawin University, Australia · Maryann Godshall, Drexel University, USA · Muyssar Sabri Awadhalla, University of Bahrain, Bahrain · Kristina Schildmeijer, Linnaeus University, Sweden · Susan Carlisle, Queen's University Belfast , UK · Carin Ericsson, Linköping University, Sweden · Ghada ghamdi, University of Dhammam, Saudi Arabia · Janna Skagerström, Linköping University, Sweden · Sylvia Godelia, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Canada · Ahmed Maghari, Merck KSA · Ahmed Naser, Merck KSA · Ahmed Niaze, Merck KSA · Aida Mohamed, Merck KSA · Areej Khan, Merck KSA · Faten Ahmad, Merck KSA · Faten Ezzeddine, Merck KSA · Fatima Al Maghrabi, Merck KSA · Fayza Hassanin, Merck KSA · Hani Alismaeel, Merck KSA Nursing-2017 Organizing Committee: · Sheila Ryan, University of Nebraska Medical Center, USA · Samy A. Azer, King Saud University, Saudi Arabia · Vivien Dee, Azusa Pacific University, USA · Birsen Yurugen, Okan University of Health Sciences, Turkey · Amal Kadry Nicola Attia, University of Sharjah, Saudi Arabia · Nurhan Bayraktar, Near East University, Turkey · Esther Christian Sellars, The University of Tennessee at Martin, USA · Nezam Al-Nsair, University of Mount Union, USA · Khlood Salman, Duquesne University, USA · Michael Jacqueline Lall, The University of Texas at Arlington,USA · Mohammad Al Qadire, Al Al-Bayt University, Jordan · Aysegel Durmaz, Dumlupinar University, Turkey Nursing-2017 is organizing an outstanding Scientific Exhibition/Program and anticipates the world’s leading specialists involved in Nursing Research. They welcome Sponsorship and Exhibitions from the Companies and Organizations who wish to showcase their products at this exciting event. Register for the conference and book your slots at: http://nursing.madridge.com/register.php Contact person: Bhagya Rekha nursing@madridge.com nursing@madridge.net Contact Information CrowdReviews.com Samuel Powers 800-256-5813 Contact http://www.crowdreviews.com/ Click here to view the company profile of topseos.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from topseos.com Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
14/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programs Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All programs Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News Europe World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views World 14/05/2017 Portugal's Eurovision triumph Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Music is not fireworks, music is feeling" Salvador Sobral Eurovision 2017 winner World 13/05/2017 World's computers struggle to reboot after unprecedented cyberattack Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 12/05/2017 US arming of Syrian Kurds will dominate Turkish president's visit to Washington Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Business 12/05/2017 G7 finance ministers puzzle over Trump's policies Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We need a strong United States to lead the global economy and global politics in a sustainable way" Wolfgang Schaeuble German Finance Minister Business 12/05/2017 US-China trade plan progress unveiled, but deficit benefits unclear Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Business 12/05/2017 Germany enjoys strong economic growth in Q1 Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 11/05/2017 Turkish hunger strikers protest post-coup purge Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Being fired by decree labels you as dishonourable" Semih Ozakca Primary school teacher Business 11/05/2017 Bank of England says solid economic growth is linked to 'smooth' Brexit Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Wages won't keep up with prices for the goods and services they consume" Mark Carney Bank of England Governor more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > World > DR Congo: Ebola outbreak confirmed Now Reading: DR Congo: Ebola outbreak confirmed Democratic Republic Of Congo 13/05/2017 DR Congo: Ebola outbreak confirmed Today's Top Stories North Korea 14/05/2017 North Korea: latest missile flies 700km Ukraine 14/05/2017 Portugal's Eurovision triumph world news 13/05/2017 World's computers struggle to reboot after unprecedented cyberattack Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 11/05/2017 Have we forgotten about the world's second deadliest conflict? View 11/05/2017 Will Macron introduce France to the Sixth Republic? world news 09/05/2017 Eurovision: what is it all about? last updated: 13/05/2017 Euronews At least one person has died from the Ebola virus in the Democratic Republic of Congo according to the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the country’s Health Ministry. The last outbreak of the disease killed at least 11,300 people in West Africa. Tests on nine people who came down with a hemorrhagic fever in the northeast of the country confirmed the presence of the virus. Three people have died from fever. Other samples are still being tested, and six people remain hospitalised. Latest update on #Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo #DRC https://t.co/7QGBEWSs2K #alert— WHO (@WHO) May 12, 2017 This is the 8th outbreak to hit the Congo, that’s more any other country. The deadly virus was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976. “Our country must confront an outbreak of the Ebola virus that constitutes a public health crisis of international significance,” the ministry said in a statement. “Our country is full of people well-trained in this matter and our health professionals also helped contain similar epidemics in other countries,” it added. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government’s efforts to bring the epidemic under control. Under an agreement between GAVI and Merck, the developer of an Ebola vaccine known as rVSV-ZEBOV, it said up to 300,000 doses of the shot would be available in case of an outbreak. “The WHO and others will determine if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted,” it said in a statement. New: update on Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo #DRC https://t.co/hpDLnkNqPE https://t.co/lwXHiazULP— United Nations (@UN) May 12, 2017 “There are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic,” said GAVI’s chief executive Seth Berkley. “The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable.” If pertinent, ring vaccination – as used in the Phase 3 study in Guinea – is the recommended #Ebola vaccine delivery strategy in #DRC— WHO (@WHO) May 12, 2017 (agencies) Share this article: More about: Ebola virus DR Congo Health Africa Most viewed Ukraine 14/05/2017 Portugal's Eurovision triumph North Korea 14/05/2017 North Korea: latest missile flies 700km world news 13/05/2017 World's computers struggle to reboot after unprecedented cyberattack Egypt 13/05/2017 17 mummies found in Egypt Ukraine 13/05/2017 Portugal wins Eurovision 2017 Flashback: one year ago Sweden 14/05/2016 Jamala's 'political' song wins Eurovision for Ukraine in Stockholm Bosnia and Herzegovina 14/05/2016 Divided Bosnian Serbs protest for and against the government Sport 14/05/2016 FIFA audit and compliance chief quits over reforms Germany 14/05/2016 Activists occupy Germany coal mine Sport 14/05/2016 Giro d'Italia: Brambilla solos into pink in stage eight victory Editor's choice world news 11/05/2017 Have we forgotten about the world's second deadliest conflict? View 11/05/2017 Will Macron introduce France to the Sixth Republic? world news 09/05/2017 Eurovision: what is it all about? world news 12/05/2017 14-year old neglected boy found in squalid Israeli home world news 12/05/2017 Legend or luxury - which car will France's new president choose for his investiture? View 11/05/2017 How China is connecting the world no comment 12/05/2017 French philosopher Levy gets pied in Belgrade world news 11/05/2017 Copenhagen Zoo polar bear given dental surgery View 10/05/2017 Macron's France aims to challenge Germany Next Article Portugal 13/05/2017 Pope visits Portugal to make shepherd children saints Today's Top Stories North Korea 14/05/2017 North Korea: latest missile flies 700km Ukraine 14/05/2017 Portugal's Eurovision triumph world news 13/05/2017 World's computers struggle to reboot after unprecedented cyberattack Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags Ukraine Music North Korea Kiev, Ukraine Eurovision 2017 Eurovision song contest Europe Portugal Verticals Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programs Channels Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes 14/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
SABC News - At least one dead in new Ebola outbreak in Congo:Saturday 13 May 2017 This site SABC Web News | Sport | TV | Radio | Education | Advertise| TV Licences| Mandela| Contact Us Home Mobile News TV Licences SABC1 DTT 5 FM Metro FM About Sport TV SABC2 Radio RSG Radio Guide Advertise Education TV Guide SABC3 Weather Ukhozi FM Technology   Get the latest News as it happens on the SABC News Live Blog WATCH SACP 8TH Congress Get the latest news as it happens on the SABC News Live Blog Feeds Site map Home South Africa Africa World Politics Business Science Lifestyle Sport Elections Opinion Special Reports Radio/TV /SABCNews-Templates/SABCNews_tech/default_content/default_content_news Default Content News At least one dead in new Ebola outbreak in Congo Saturday 13 May 2017 09:06 REUTERS This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. (REUTERS) Tags: Africa Democratic Republic of Congo WHO Ebola GAVI Global Vaccine Alliance At least one person has died from the Ebola virus in Democratic Republic of Congo, the Health Ministry and the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Friday, signaling a new outbreak of the disease which killed thousands in West Africa. The case was confirmed from tests on nine people who came down with a hemorrhagic fever in Bas-Uele province in the northeast of the country on or after April 22, a ministry statement said. Three people have died of fever. Other samples are still being tested, and six people remain hospitalized. "Our country must confront an outbreak of the Ebola virus that constitutes a public health crisis of international significance," the ministry said. An investigation team led by the ministry of health with WHO support was expected to reach the scene of the outbreak in the coming days, the WHO said. The ministry said it should arrive on Saturday. "It is in a very remote zone, very forested, so we are a little lucky. We always take this very seriously," the WHO's Congo spokesman, Eugene Kabambi, said. This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. "It is in a very remote zone, very forested, so we are a little lucky. We always take this very seriously." That experience helped Congolese authorities respond effectively to an outbreak in 2014 that killed 49 people. At the same time, a separate outbreak killed more than 11,300 people and infected some 28,600 as it swept through Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and caused alarm around the world. In June last year, WHO declared Liberia free of active Ebola virus transmission. Liberia was the last country still fighting the world's worst outbreak of the disease. "Our country is full of people well-trained in this matter and our health professionals also helped contain similar epidemics in other countries," the health ministry said in its statement. The GAVI Global Vaccine Alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government's efforts to bring the epidemic under control. Under an agreement between GAVI and Merck, the developer of an Ebola vaccine known as rVSV-ZEBOV, it said up to 300,000 doses of the shot would be available in case of an outbreak. "The WHO and others will determine if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted," it said in a statement. "There are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic," said GAVI's chief executive Seth Berkley. "The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable." Other samples are still being tested, and six people remain hospitalized. "Our country must confront an outbreak of the Ebola virus that constitutes a public health crisis of international significance," the ministry said. An investigation team led by the ministry of health with WHO support was expected to reach the scene of the outbreak in the coming days, the WHO said. The ministry said it should arrive on Saturday. "It is in a very remote zone, very forested, so we are a little lucky. We always take this very seriously," the WHO's Congo spokesman, Eugene Kabambi, said. This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. That experience helped Congolese authorities respond effectively to an outbreak in 2014 that killed 49 people. At the same time, a separate outbreak killed more than 11,300 people and infected some 28,600 as it swept through Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and caused alarm around the world. In June last year, WHO declared Liberia free of active Ebola virus transmission. Liberia was the last country still fighting the world's worst outbreak of the disease. "Our country is full of people well-trained in this matter and our health professionals also helped contain similar epidemics in other countries," the health ministry said in its statement. The GAVI Global Vaccine Alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government's efforts to bring the epidemic under control. Under an agreement between GAVI and Merck, the developer of an Ebola vaccine known as rVSV-ZEBOV, it said up to 300,000 doses of the shot would be available in case of an outbreak . "The WHO and others will determine if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted," it said in a statement. "There are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic," said GAVI's chief executive Seth Berkley. "The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable." Share this page: Printer friendly version /SABCNews-Templates/SABCNews_tech/default_content/default_content_news Default Content News /SABCNews-Templates/SABCNews_tech/default_content/default_content_news Default Content News /SABCNews-Templates/SABCNews_tech/default_content/default_content_news Default Content News /SABCNews-Templates/SABCNews_tech/default_content/default_content_news Default Content News /SABCNews-Templates/SABCNews_tech/default_content/default_content_news Default Content News /SABCNews-Templates/SABCNews_tech/default_content/default_content_news Default Content News       SABC © About the SABC Contact Us Tenders Jobs Advertise Disclaimer Press Releases Site Map /SABCNews-Templates/SABCNews_tech/default_content/default_content_news Default Content News
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science The Leading Edge ScienceScope Basic Research Innovation and Invention health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 World Ebola outbreak reported in the Democratic Republic of Congo EMAIL BY Helen Branswell, STAT  May 13, 2017 at 9:17 AM EDT A colorized, magnified electron microscope image of the Ebola virus grows out of an infected VERO 46 cell. Image by NIAID There is an Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo, the World Health Organization announced Friday. The epidemic, which is currently small, is in remote Bas-Uele province, near the northern border with the Central African Republic. To date there have been nine suspected cases. Three have died and the six other people have been hospitalized. The first case dates back to April 22. “An investigation team led by the Ministry of Health and supported by WHO and partners has deployed and is expected to reach the affected area in the coming days,” Dr. Peter Salama, WHO executive director for emergencies, said in a statement. The WHO and partners are supporting Congo’s Ministry of Health in the response, including epidemiological investigation, surveillance, logistics and supplies, communications and community engagement, the statement said. READ NEXT: Final test results confirm an Ebola vaccine is highly effective Testing of five samples was conducted at the country’s National Biomedical Research Institute in Kinshasa, with one coming back positive for Ebola, specifically the Zaire species of the virus. That is the same strain that was responsible for the massive West African outbreak in 2014-2015. Additional testing is ongoing. While Ebola outbreaks are always dangerous, there is some reassuring news here. The Democratic Republic of Congo has decades of experience containing Ebola outbreaks. The first known outbreak of the deadly disease occurred there in 1976, in Yambuku. A total of 318 cases were recorded in that outbreak, including 280 deaths. The country has fought seven outbreaks before the current one; the most recent was between August and November of 2014, and involved 66 cases. And this time, for the first time in the history of Ebola outbreaks, there is an experimental Ebola vaccine that can be used to help contain the outbreak, if it’s needed. Supplies of the vaccine, first tested during the widespread West African outbreak, have been stockpiled by Gavi, a public-private partnership that makes vaccines available to lower-income countries. “The fact that this is a country that has experience dealing with Ebola should give us hope that we won’t see a pandemic on the scale of the 2014 outbreak that hit West Africa,” Dr. Seth Berkley, Gavi CEO, said in a statement. The vaccine, designed by scientists at Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory, is being developed by the pharmaceutical giant Merck. Work is still underway to get the vaccine licensed. But in the meantime, Gavi has an agreement with Merck that requires the company to stockpile large supplies of the vaccine in case it is needed to contain an outbreak. “Gavi’s work with Merck means there are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic,” Berkley said. “The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable.” However, the WHO said it’s not yet clear if vaccine will be needed to control the outbreak, or whether Congo wants to use it. Tarik Jašarević, a spokeman for the Geneva-based global health agency, said the WHO and its partners are conducting an epidemiological investigation to assess the scope of the outbreak and how many people are potentially at risk. If a decision to vaccinate is made, a ring vaccination strategy will be used, Jašarević said. That approach, used in the trial that proved the effectiveness of the vaccine, involves vaccinating the people who had contact with a confirmed case. Creating rings of protected people around each case limits the chances the virus can continue to transmit. In the early days of the world’s experience with Ebola, outbreaks in DRC numbered in the hundreds of cases — which was large at the time. But the three outbreaks in DRC in the past decade involved fewer than 100 cases each. The largest known outbreak of Ebola was the 2014-2015 West African epidemic. More than 28,600 people were infected and more than 11,300 died. This article is reproduced with permission from STAT. It was first published on May 12, 2017. Find the original story here. Helen Branswell, STAT Helen Branswell is STAT’s infectious diseases and public health reporter. @HelenBranswell SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Democratic Republic of Congo ebola STAT news PREVIOUS POST Condoleezza Rice: I worry firestorm surrounding Russia investigations, Comey firing could ‘erode people’s confidence in our institutions’ NEXT POST Trump says he could name FBI head by next week Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT TIME magazine offers portrait of Trump facing realities of the White House SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS PBS NewsHour Weekend full episode May 13, 2017 New FBI director scrutiny will be ‘very intense’ World powers look to Djibouti for trade, military access Analyzing the impact of the worldwide cyber attack PBS NewsHour full episode May 12, 2017 Condoleezza Rice: Amid Russia investigation, we should have confidence in our democratic institutions Shields and Ponnuru on James Comey firing fallout MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Shields and Ponnuru on James Comey firing fallout 2 How does where you live affect your life expectancy? 3 Analyzing the impact of the worldwide cyber attack 4 World powers look to Djibouti for trade, military access 5 Condoleezza Rice: Amid Russia investigation, we should have confidence in our democratic institution 1 Condoleezza Rice: I worry firestorm surrounding Russia investigations, Comey firing could ‘erode people’s confidence in our institutions’ 2 On Comey’s firing, the White House keeps changing its story 3 GOP leaders see more smoke than fire in Comey’s dismissal 4 Spicer neither confirms nor denies taping system in White House 5 Trump to Comey: Better hope there are no 'tapes' of their talks Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Fire roars through Emeryville complex under construction Bay Area political events: Journalist talk, abortion rights North Korea again tests ballistic missile Countries race to halt ransomware News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA An alert researcher, teamwork helped stem huge cyberattack The Latest: China opposes latest N. Korean missile test Firestorm over Comey's dismissal adds to Trump frustrations Election in Germany's most populous state could boost Merkel Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors A’s Sonny Gray pitches well but denied win at Texas Warriors’ Mike Brown prepares to face close friend Gregg A’s Santiago Casilla discusses blown save, loss to Texas Ex-A’s starter A.J. Griffin off to excellent start for Texas Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Thousands of flights could be affected by proposed laptop ban Apple wants to transform historic Carnegie Library Chinatown sees tourism slowdown, blames Trump travel ban SF to Uber: Provide driver info — it’s the law A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do The Lorraine Hansberry produces ‘Home,’ finds one The latest from Dear Abby In “Snatched,” Amy Schumer grabs at film comedy stardom Getting high after death of a son in ‘One Week and a Day’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog No Blue Bottle for Lower Haight following neighborhood opposition Thousands of baby salmon die in hatchery mishap Hayes Valley's Boxing Room to turn into Spanish spot named 'Avocado hand' is sending people to the ER because people don't Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis NorCal couple weds on Mount Everest and the photos are How to design a sustainable home 10 best spots for trailer & yurt camping Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Pint-size carry-ons that fit new budget fare limits Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog ‘Storybook’ four-bedroom Tudor in historic Hot Property: Epic $8.4-million Santa Cruz cliff house has floating glass Kentfield estate enjoys sunny pool deck, idyllic locale Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections DR Congo: Ebola outbreak confirmed At least one person has died from the Ebola virus in the Democratic Republic of Congo according to the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the country’s Health Ministry. The last outbreak of the disease killed at least 11,300 people in West Africa. Tests on nine people who came down with a hemorrhagic fever in the northeast of the country confirmed the presence of the virus. Three people have died from fever. Other samples are still being tested, and six people remain hospitalised. Latest update on #Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo #DRC https://t.co/7QGBEWSs2K #alert— WHO (@WHO) May 12, 2017 This is the 8th outbreak to hit the Congo, that’s more any other country. The deadly virus was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976. “Our country must confront an outbreak of the Ebola virus that constitutes a public health crisis of international significance,” the ministry said in a statement. “Our country is full of people well-trained in this matter and our health professionals also helped contain similar epidemics in other countries,” it added. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government’s efforts to bring the epidemic under control. Under an agreement between GAVI and Merck, the developer of an Ebola vaccine known as rVSV-ZEBOV, it said up to 300,000 doses of the shot would be available in case of an outbreak. “The WHO and others will determine if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted,” it said in a statement. New: update on Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo #DRC https://t.co/hpDLnkNqPE https://t.co/lwXHiazULP— United Nations (@UN) May 12, 2017 “There are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic,” said GAVI’s chief executive Seth Berkley. “The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable.” If pertinent, ring vaccination – as used in the Phase 3 study in Guinea – is the recommended #Ebola vaccine delivery strategy in #DRC— WHO (@WHO) May 12, 2017 (agencies) Media: Euronews News   Most Popular 1 The Latest: Pope Francis says mercy comes before judgment 2 California governor asks Trump's help with high-speed train 3 Here's what could happen to America's hundreds of dead malls 4 Fire roars through Emeryville complex under construction 5 NorCal couple weds on Mount Everest and the photos are... 6 Local rapper Rappin’ 4-Tay arrested in SF Mission 7 Giants end a big Saturday with 2nd win of the day 8 N. Korea test-fires missile, challenging new leader in South 9 Warriors head coach Steve Kerr returns to practice 10 Never-before-seen footage solves the mystery of the narwhal tusk Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Industry Overview and Key Factors With generic medicines accounting for a more than two-thirds of the global pain management therapeutics market, several small- and medium-scale generic drug manufacturers will venture in the market and make it highly saturated in the near future, states TMR in a recent report. The segment of branded pain management therapeutics features the presence of some of the leading international pharmaceutical giants, including Merck & Co, Inc. Pfizer,Inc., Endo Health Solutions, Johnson & Johnson, and Purdue Pharma LP. In the branded drugs segment, the top two companies, Pfizer,Inc. and Purdue Pharma LP, accounted for over 50% share in 2015. Over the forecast period, the overall share of the branded drugs manufacturers in the global pain management therapeutics market will further decline. “Major vendors will lose market share to emerging vendors such as Depomed, Inc. and AstraZeneca plc. and the competition in the generic drugs segment will further intensify,” quotes a TMR analyst. This 130 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the pain management therapeutics market. Browse through 13 data tables and 64 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pain-management-therap… Alarming Rise in Prevalence of Chronic Diseases Emerges as High-impact Driver The number of patients suffering from chronic pain is rising at a substantial pace globally. According to the WHO, nearly 116 mn people were suffering from chronic pain in 2011 in the U.S. alone. According to another survey, one in five people in Europe suffer from chronic pain every year. The rising prevalence of chronic diseases such as a variety of cancers and diabetes further contribute to the further contributes to the number of people suffering from chronic pain, encouraging the use of pain management drugs. Medications for alleviating the pain occurring from cancer therapy and from the intrusion of cancer cells in bones and other body parts, for instance, accounted for over 28% share of the overall pain management therapeutics market’s overall valuation in 2015. Rising Geriatric Population and Favorable Regulatory Scenario to Boost Consumption of Pain Management Drugs The vast rise in the world’s geriatric population is also expected to emerge as a key growth driver for the global pain management therapeutics market from 2106 to 2024. Aged people are more prone to diseases such as arthritis, joint or bone pain, epilepsy, depression, nerve damage, diabetic neuropathy, and a variety of injuries owing to low immunity levels or gene alteration. The global population of geriatrics (people aged more than 65 years) is expected to rise to 2 bn by 2050, accounting for nearly 22% of the projected global population by then. This demographic will lead to a substantial rise in the overall global demand for numerous pain management drugs, thereby driving the global pain management therapeutics market. Additionally, favorable regulations are playing a key role in the increased rate of development, approval, and commercialization of novel molecule combinations and drug delivery techniques in the pain management therapeutics sector. The instigation of a large number of regulatory healthcare reforms, favoring development of methods for the improved diagnosis and treatment of chronic pain, will help the pain management therapeutics tread along a promising growth path in the next few years. Patent Expiries of Blockbuster Drugs and Rising Uptake of Generics Could Pose Existential Threat to Established Players Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving pain management therapeutics market during 2016 – 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Impending patent expiries of several blockbuster pain management drugs in the global market is one of the key high-impact challenges for the global pain management therapeutics market presently. Cheaper generic versions of once high-earning drugs will deal a huge blow to the overall revenues of several established vendors in the global pain management therapeutics market in the next few years. The factor will also cause a substantial decline in the overall revenues of the global market. Moreover, the rapid influx of several new vendors with generic versions of once groundbreaking medications will lead to intense competition in the market for generic drugs for pain management therapeutics. In terms of product types, the global pain management therapeutics market is presently dominated by opioids and Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDS), which collectively accounted for over 52% of the market’s overall revenues in 2015. North America dominated the market, accounting for over 56% of the overall market in the same year. On a whole, the global pain management therapeutics market is expected to expand at a 3.7% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024. At this pace, the market is expected to rise from a valuation of US$60.2 bn in 2015 to US$83.0 bn by 2024. This review of the global pain management market is based on a recent market research report, titled “Pain Management Therapeutics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016-2023.” About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cardiovascular Monitoring and Diagnostic Devices Market: Latest Trends & Insights 2024 Next PostNext Global Steam Autoclave Market to reach US$ 2.6 Bn in 2024: Transparency Market Research Search Recent Posts Evolve Markets Proudly Launches LTC/USD and LTC/BTC CFDs in Unison With SegWit Activation $17,000 DNR Video Promotes High Adventure Wardens Life Swiss EY Team Joins Polybius Cryptobank as Advisors, ICO to Follow Odwuor honored with Jemison Award Pres. Trump Delivers a Message of Courage in Liberty University Commencement Address RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Freestanding ERs and that $2,000 flu Your Turn: May 15 NB Canyon’s Worley leads area’ record-breaking haul state Hoggatt shuts down Smithson Valley as Reagan advances Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Family of man killed by SAPD officer seeks new trial Birders work to document spring migration SWAT standoff near Vance Jackson ends with surrender One dead after losing control of vehicle on North Side road US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Armed inmate killed, hostage rescued at Illinois hospital Sister: Weakened 'Sandra Bland Act' in Texas 'gut-wrenching' Mom of Ohio boy who killed himself vows he "will be heard" Records show violent history for Ohio nursing home gunman Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Texas lawmakers ride nationalism wave with ‘Buy America’ It’s back to steady for U.S. economy as retail sales, CPI rise Wells Fargo’s fake accounts grow to 3.5 million in suit For some, working at a small business may actually decrease Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools NB Canyon’s Worley leads area’ record-breaking haul state Track and field: Saturday’s high school results Softball: Saturday’s high school results Baseball: Saturday’s high school results Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Stephan Pyles ending partnership at Sustenio in Éilan Hotel San Antonio restaurant inspections: May 12, 2017 Exclusive, 45-member beer club opens in The Pearl Taco trucks descending for Twisted showdown Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Review: Amy Schumer becomes a movie star in ‘Snatched’ Ex-San Antonio radio DJ calls out successor in Facebook post Things get wild for Spurs Game 6 watch party at Little Woodrow's Chainsmokers attract young audience to rave Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Photos: Texas State students get soaked in chilly graduation Texas State Aquarium opens new $60M Caribbean Journey wing this San Antonians react to Chicago official calling the River Walk San Antnoio student’s complicated love story wins national Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Become a certified tourism ambassador A Paxton ploy that won’t work The promise of the East Side Freestanding ERs and that $2,000 flu Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Chevrolet’s Malibu sedan goes high-tech, gets hybrid version Infiniti introduces a smaller crossover for 2017; new QX30 begins Subcompact Jeep Renegade gets special Deserthawk, Altitude Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features For some, working at a small business may actually decrease J.C. Penney joins fellow department stores in retail malaise SKorea's new leader to take on family-owned business empires Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/article/New-Ebola-case-reported-in-Democratic-Republic-of-11143890.php New Ebola outbreak declared in Democratic Republic of Congo Ariana Eunjung Cha and Lena H. Sun, The Washington Post Published 5:17 pm, Friday, May 12, 2017 Photo: Uncredited, AP Image 1of/6 Caption Close Image 1 of 6 Symptoms of Ebola include: Fever (greater than 38.6°C or 101.5°F), Severe headache, Muscle pain, Weakness, Diarrhea, Vomiting, Abdominal (stomach) pain, Unexplained hemorrhage (bleeding or bruising) Symptoms may appear anywhere from two to 21 days after exposure to Ebola, but the average is eight to 10 days. Recovery from Ebola depends on good supportive clinical care and the patient’s immune response. People who recover from Ebola infection develop antibodies that last for at least 10 years. less Symptoms of Ebola include: Fever (greater than 38.6°C or 101.5°F), Severe headache, Muscle pain, Weakness, Diarrhea, Vomiting, Abdominal (stomach) pain, Unexplained hemorrhage (bleeding or bruising) Symptoms ... more Photo: Uncredited, AP Image 2 of 6 Transmission: Because the natural reservoir host of Ebola viruses has not yet been identified, the manner in which the virus first appears in a human at the start of an outbreak is unknown. However, researchers believe that the first patient becomes infected through contact with an infected animal. When an infection does occur in humans, the virus can be spread in several ways to others. Ebola is spread through direct contact (through broken skin or mucous membranes in, for example, the eyes, nose, or mouth) with: blood or body fluids (including but not limited to urine, saliva, sweat, feces, vomit, breast milk, and semen) of a person who is sick with Ebola; objects (like needles and syringes) that have been contaminated with the virus; infected animals Ebola is not spread through the air or by water, or in general, by food. However, in Africa, Ebola may be spread as a result of handling bushmeat (wild animals hunted for food) and contact with infected bats. There is no evidence that mosquitoes or other insects can transmit Ebola virus. Only mammals (for example, humans, bats, monkeys, and apes) have shown the ability to become infected with and spread Ebola virus. Healthcare providers caring for Ebola patients and the family and friends in close contact with Ebola patients are at the highest risk of getting sick because they may come in contact with infected blood or body fluids of sick patients. During outbreaks of Ebola, the disease can spread quickly within healthcare settings (such as a clinic or hospital). Exposure to Ebola can occur in healthcare settings where hospital staff are not wearing appropriate protective equipment, including masks, gowns, and gloves and eye protection. less Transmission: Because the natural reservoir host of Ebola viruses has not yet been identified, the manner in which the virus first appears in a human at the start of an outbreak is unknown. However, researchers ... more Photo: Jerome Delay, AP Image 3 of 6 Risk of Exposure: Ebola viruses are found in several African countries. Ebola was discovered in 1976 near the Ebola River in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Since then, outbreaks of Ebola among humans have appeared sporadically in Africa. Past Ebola outbreaks have occurred in the following countries: Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Gabon, South Sudan, Ivory Coast, Uganda, Republic of the Congo (ROC), South Africa (imported) less Risk of Exposure: Ebola viruses are found in several African countries. Ebola was discovered in 1976 near the Ebola River in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Since then, outbreaks of Ebola ... more Photo: Paul White, AP Image 4 of 6 Prevention: Practice careful hygiene. For example, wash your hands with soap and water or an alcohol-based hand sanitizer and avoid contact with blood and body fluids. Do not handle items that may have come in contact with an infected person’s blood or body fluids (such as clothes, bedding, needles, and medical equipment). Avoid funeral or burial rituals that require handling the body of someone who has died from Ebola. Avoid contact with bats and nonhuman primates or blood, fluids, and raw meat prepared from these animals. Avoid hospitals in West Africa where Ebola patients are being treated. The U.S. embassy or consulate is often able to provide advice on facilities. After you return, monitor your health for 21 days and seek medical care immediately if you develop symptoms of Ebola. less Prevention: Practice careful hygiene. For example, wash your hands with soap and water or an alcohol-based hand sanitizer and avoid contact with blood and body fluids. Do not handle items that may have come in ... more Photo: Jerome Delay, AP Image 5 of 6 Diagnosis: Diagnosing Ebola in an person who has been infected for only a few days is difficult, because the early symptoms, such as fever, are nonspecific to Ebola infection and are seen often in patients with more commonly occurring diseases, such as malaria and typhoid fever. However, if a person has the early symptoms of Ebola and has had contact with the blood or body fluids of a person sick with Ebola, contact with objects that have been contaminated with the blood or body fluids of a person sick with Ebola, or contact with infected animals, they should be isolated and public health professionals notified. Samples from the patient can then be collected and tested to confirm infection. less Diagnosis: Diagnosing Ebola in an person who has been infected for only a few days is difficult, because the early symptoms, such as fever, are nonspecific to Ebola infection and are seen often in patients with ... more Photo: Sunday Alamba, AP Image 6 of 6 Treatment: No FDA-approved vaccine or medicine (e.g., antiviral drug) is available for Ebola. Symptoms of Ebola are treated as they appear. The following basic interventions, when used early, can significantly improve the chances of survival: Providing intravenous fluids (IV)and balancing electrolytes (body salts), Maintaining oxygen status and blood pressure Treating other infections if they occur, Experimental vaccines and treatments for Ebola are under development, but they have not yet been fully tested for safety or effectiveness. Recovery from Ebola depends on good supportive care and the patient’s immune response. People who recover from Ebola infection develop antibodies that last for at least 10 years, possibly longer. It isn't known if people who recover are immune for life or if they can become infected with a different species of Ebola. Some people who have recovered from Ebola have developed long-term complications, such as joint and vision problems. less Treatment: No FDA-approved vaccine or medicine (e.g., antiviral drug) is available for Ebola. Symptoms of Ebola are treated as they appear. The following basic interventions, when used early, can significantly ... more Photo: Tanya Bindra, AP New Ebola outbreak declared in Democratic Republic of Congo 1 / 6 Back to Gallery The World Health Organization has confirmed an Ebola outbreak in a remote forested part of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the first in that country since 2014. At least nine people are suspected of being infected, and three have died. The outbreak has raised alarms about the possibility of a new epidemic. "An investigation team led by the Ministry of Health and supported by WHO and partners has deployed and is expected to reach the affected area in the coming days", said Peter Salama, WHO's executive director for emergencies, in a statement. The WHO said it was informed on Tuesday of a cluster of undiagnosed illness and deaths, including hemorrhagic symptoms, in the northeastern part of the country, bordering the Central African Republic. On Thursday, the DRC's health ministry informed WHO that of five laboratory samples tested, one tested positive for Ebola virus at a laboratory in Kinshasa. That confirmed case was one of the three people who died. The Ebola infection was confirmed from tests on a group of people exhibiting symptoms since April 22 in the province of Bas-Uélé in northeast DRC. The ministry said it is beginning to trace the contacts of those who may have been infected and that it is issuing protective kits for the health workers involved. News Channel "Our country must confront an outbreak of the Ebola virus that constitutes a public health crisis of international significance," the ministry said. On April 22, the confirmed Ebola victim drove across part of the vast province on motorbike to reach medical care. He had blood in his vomit and stool. There are conflicting accounts of whether he was able to reach the regional hospital in Likati. A sample of his blood was taken to Kinshasa, but because Bas-Uélé is so remote, it took 10 days before the sample arrived in Kinshasa, the capital, and was tested. By that time, both the original patient and the driver of the motorbike who took him to the hospital, his brother, had died, according to Alima, a medical humanitarian organization working in the country. The body of the original patient was taken back to his village for burial, and a follow-up ministry health team later identified six others who had fallen ill in the same village, according to officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, who are participating in coordination meetings but not yet been asked to provide epidemiological or laboratory support. The health workers who treated the patients without protective gear are now also in grave danger of contracting the disease. Because the confirmed case traveled across Bas-Uélé, contact tracers will now have a more difficult task ahead of them, seeking and isolating possible Ebola cases in at least two disparate villages, according to Alima. But health personnel dispatched to the region are hopeful that the outbreak will mirror previous, limited Ebola outbreaks in the country. "There will be more cases, but it is more likely to look like other outbreaks in Congo, a smaller outbreak, ending faster," said Susan Shepherd, Alima's medical coordinator. "It's very isolated there," said Silvain Yuma, chief of staff at the ministry of health One of those previous outbreaks was in the neighboring province of Haut-Uélé in 2012. There were 41 cases there and 18 deaths. The outbreak lasted for around four months. DRC officials said the confirmed infection involved the Zaire strain, which was the most common one present during the 2014-15 outbreak. Scientists are in the late stages of developing a vaccine that targets that specific strain, and it is likely to be made available for use if the outbreak is found to be large enough to warrant such an intervention. The vaccine has not yet been approved the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, but could be made available under an emergency use authorization. An agreement between Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, and Merck, the developer of the vaccine, ensures that the vaccine is available in case of an outbreak, said Gavi's chief executive, Seth Berkley, in a statement. "The fact that this is a country that has experience dealing with Ebola should give us hope that we won't see a pandemic on the scale of the 2014 outbreak that hit West Africa," he said. The WHO and others will determine if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted. The WHO has previously said it was preparing to make an initial 300,000 doses of the vaccine available in case of an outbreak. Yokouidé Allarangar, WHO representative in the DRC, said in a statement on Friday that the first teams of specialists - including epidemiologists, biologists, and experts in the areas of social mobilization, risk communication and community engagement and also personnel specializing in water, hygiene and sanitation - are scheduled to reach the affected area, which is about 800 miles from the capital Kinshasa, "today or tomorrow." Allarangar also appealed to other medical organizations to join in the response. A number of them, including Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), have already offered their support. The CDC, which established an office in the DRC in 2002, also has staff in the country working on a vaccine trial for monkeypox, a rare viral disease that is endemic in the DRC. Unlike the countries in West Africa that were hardest hit by the 2014 Ebola epidemic, the DRC has had much more experience with the disease, including seven previous Ebola outbreaks since the virus was first discovered in the country in 1976. The DRC was not one of the main three African countries hit by the 2014 epidemic, but the toll on the country was significant. The WHO confirmed 66 cases with 49 deaths. Worldwide, more than 28,600 people were infected and 11,300 died. The countries at the epicenter of the crisis - Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia - have all been Ebola-free since at least June of last year. That outbreak was a wake-up call for global public health officials whose response has been widely criticized for being slow and disorganized. Many new measures have been set up to respond to future epidemics, such as better communication systems and quarantine procedures, but there's still much more that is needed. A review on the world's pandemic readiness published in the New England Journal of Medicine last year said that an investment of at least $4.5 billion is needed each year for improving detection and response tools. The paper, funded by philanthropic and academic groups, including the Paul G. Allen Family Foundation, Ford Foundation and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, had a sobering prediction: that at least one pandemic event will almost certainly occur in the next 100 years and that there is a 20 percent chance of four or more.   - - - The Washington Post's Kevin Sieff contributed to this report from Nairobi.    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest North Korea launched ballistic test missile Sunday SWAT standoff near Vance Jackson ends with surrender Inspections: 'Large animal feces,' frogs found at S.A. market Birders work to document spring migration Spurs relish rare role as underdogs in Western Conference... One dead after losing control of vehicle on North Side road S.A. workers caused $4M in damages to Air Force One Houston PD chief pays up on bet after Spurs/Rockets series;... NE Side homeowner kills man who brought young son with him... Shrimpers hoping new laws bring relief from shortage of workers Kawhi Leonard will play in Game 1 vs. Golden State on Sunday Stock tank pools is the coolest trend taking over social media N. Texas construction theme park lets you play with heavy... Largest surf park in the world opens in Texas for 2017 season 13 shows cancelled in network bloodbath; did your fav make it? A look at actors and actresses from San Antonio Photos: Pop-EDM duo shakes up S.A. with midweek rave Where to eat on Mother's Day Critics pick 13 of San Antonio’s best brunches S. Texas taco challenge few have won goes viral 10 must-visit Texas swimming holes Stock tank pools is the coolest trend taking over social media 20 Lone Star State landmarks vie to be named USA Today's 'Best... Recent Breaking News San Antonio man freed by Obama pleads guilty to another drug... Kawhi Leonard will play in Game 1 vs. Golden State on Sunday Police searching for missing 34-year-old woman who needs... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Most Popular 1 One dead after losing control of vehicle on North Side road 2 NE Side homeowner kills man who brought young son with him... 3 Boeing mechanics could have sparked Air Force One fire 4 Former Mayor Castro to endorse Ron Nirenberg 5 San Antonio restaurant inspections: May 12, 2017 6 Ex-San Antonio radio DJ calls out successor in Facebook post 7 Video: Body cam shows officers' anguish after failing to... 8 13 shows have been cancelled in a network bloodbath; will your... 9 New Ebola outbreak declared in Democratic Republic of Congo 10 Kawhi Leonard will play in Game 1 vs. Golden State on Sunday 11 Stock tank pools is the coolest trend taking over social media 12 Internet humiliates Rockets in dominant Spurs win without... 13 8-year-old was assaulted by classmate before killing himself 14 Man fatally stabbed at Lulu's Cafe overnight; police detain... 15 Brown: Spurs played like they had all their greats in... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AFRICA May 14, 2017 | Last updated May 10, 2017 24KGold-- usd---- 3Events in next 7 days   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News UAE2 Courts Crime Education Emergencies Environment Government Health2 Culture1 Property Leisure Media Society1 Tourism Transport Weather More1 General top stories in UAE The other story of salt: a life saver Salt: Silent killer, or body's friend? Gardener accused of raping brothers Gulf1 Bahrain1 Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia Yemen top stories in Gulf Slippery slope of reporting terrorism Yemen’s Saleh open to negotiations with Riyadh Oman offers free immunisation Mena1 Algeria Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Iran Iraq Jordan Lebanon Libya Mauritania Morocco Palestine Somalia South Sudan Sudan Syria Tunisia Turkey top stories in Mena Sprawling towers spoil Beirut’s historic charm Iranians will vote for progress: VP Syrian lives left in limbo in Jordan Europe UK Germany France Italy Spain Netherlands Switzerland Russia Other top stories in Europe 11-year-old killed in British theme park fall France’s new leader untested, but no dummy Ex-French PM seeks to join Macron revolution Africa South Africa Nigeria Kenya Other top stories in Africa Health of Nigeria’s president stokes concerns Five lions flee South Africa’s Kruger park Fulani herdsmen kill eight in central Nigeria Asia Afghanistan Australia India Pakistan Philippines Sri Lanka Bangladesh China Japan North Korea South Korea Nepal Other top stories in Asia Duterte says mining law to stay AP minister’s son, friend die in accident Who is South Korea’s Moon Jae-In? Americas USA Canada Mexico Brazil Argentina Other top stories in Americas Mexico fireworks blast kills 14, 11 of them kids Liberals win tight poll in British Columbia Venezuela military courts claim sparks alarm Offbeat Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus New Ebola outbreak declared in Democratic Republic of Congo The outbreak has raised alarms about the possibility of a new epidemic Image Credit: Agencies Published: 12:14 May 13, 2017 Ariana Eunjung Cha and Lena H. Sun, WP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE The World Health Organisation has confirmed an Ebola outbreak in a remote forested part of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the first in that country since 2014. At least nine people are suspected of being infected, and three have died. The outbreak has raised alarms about the possibility of a new epidemic. “An investigation team led by the Ministry of Health and supported by WHO and partners has deployed and is expected to reach the affected area in the coming days”, said Peter Salama, WHO’s executive director for emergencies, in a statement. The WHO said it was informed on Tuesday of a cluster of undiagnosed illness and deaths, including haemorrhagic symptoms, in the northeastern part of the country, bordering the Central African Republic. On Thursday, the DRC’s health ministry informed WHO that of five laboratory samples tested, one tested positive for Ebola virus at a laboratory in Kinshasa. That confirmed case was one of the three people who died. The Ebola infection was confirmed from tests on a group of people exhibiting symptoms since April 22 in the province of Bas-Ul in northeast DRC. The ministry said it is beginning to trace the contacts of those who may have been infected and that it is issuing protective kits for the health workers involved. “Our country must confront an outbreak of the Ebola virus that constitutes a public health crisis of international significance,” the ministry said. On April 22, the confirmed Ebola victim drove across part of the vast province on motorbike to reach medical care. He had blood in his vomit and stool. There are conflicting accounts of whether he was able to reach the regional hospital in Likati. A sample of his blood was taken to Kinshasa, but because Bas-Ul is so remote, it took 10 days before the sample arrived in Kinshasa, the capital, and was tested. By that time, both the original patient and the driver of the motorbike who took him to the hospital, his brother, had died, according to Alima, a medical humanitarian organisation working in the country. The body of the original patient was taken back to his village for burial, and a follow-up ministry health team later identified six others who had fallen ill in the same village, according to officials at the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, who are participating in coordination meetings but not yet been asked to provide epidemiological or laboratory support. The health workers who treated the patients without protective gear are now also in grave danger of contracting the disease. Because the confirmed case travelled across Bas-Ul, contact tracers will now have a more difficult task ahead of them, seeking and isolating possible Ebola cases in at least two disparate villages, according to Alima. But health personnel dispatched to the region are hopeful that the outbreak will mirror previous, limited Ebola outbreaks in the country. “There will be more cases, but it is more likely to look like other outbreaks in Congo, a smaller outbreak, ending faster,” said Susan Shepherd, Alima’s medical coordinator. “It’s very isolated there,” said Silvain Yuma, chief of staff at the ministry of health One of those previous outbreaks was in the colony of Haut-Ul in 2012. There were 41 cases there and 18 deaths. The outbreak lasted for around four months. DRC officials said the confirmed infection involved the Zaire strain, which was the most common one present during the 2014-15 outbreak. Scientists are in the late stages of developing a vaccine that targets that specific strain, and it is likely to be made available for use if the outbreak is found to be large enough to warrant such an intervention. The vaccine has not yet been approved the US. Food and Drug Administration, but could be made available under an emergency use authorisation. An agreement between Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, and Merck, the developer of the vaccine, ensures that the vaccine is available in case of an outbreak, said Gavi’s chief executive, Seth Berkley, in a statement. “The fact that this is a country that has experience dealing with Ebola should give us hope that we won’t see a pandemic on the scale of the 2014 outbreak that hit West Africa,” he said. The WHO and others will determine if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted. The WHO has previously said it was preparing to make an initial 300,000 doses of the vaccine available in case of an outbreak. Yokouid Allarangar, WHO representative in the DRC, said in a statement on Friday that the first teams of specialists — including epidemiologists, biologists, and experts in the areas of social mobilisation, risk communication and community engagement and also personnel specialising in water, hygiene and sanitation — are scheduled to reach the affected area, which is about 800 miles from the capital Kinshasa, “today or tomorrow.” Allarangar also appealed to other medical organisations to join in the response. A number of them, including Mdecins Sans Frontires and the United Nations Children’s Fund (Unicef), have already offered their support. The CDC, which established an office in the DRC in 2002, also has staff in the country working on a vaccine trial for monkey pox, a rare viral disease that is endemic in the DRC. More from Africa Health of Nigeria’s president stokes concerns Five lions flee South Africa’s Kruger park Fulani herdsmen kill eight in central Nigeria tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsAfrica tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AfricaHealth of Nigeria’s president stokes concerns Framed Gallery Sydney Opera House set for a serious upgrade Meet France’s new First Lady GNTV Videos PlayThink Science displays projects by UAE students Chronic parking space shortage in Gold Souq Follow us Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures Africa: Weather today today-weatherCape Town, South AfricaAbuja, NigeriaNairobi, Kenya weather-volume Celcius Fahrenheit Latest Comments hrpa1206 wrote: This is another smart way of the school Management to make extra bucks by forcibly insisting on the ... In Response To:School fee spike: Parents weighed down Akmal Ahamed wrote: I complete agree with the hidden/additional costs that schools were imposing on parents know a days.... In Response To:School fee spike: Parents weighed down niaz khan wrote: Education is expensive to some and cheaper to some. i have enrolled my kids in year 2 & 7 and th... In Response To:School fee spike: Parents weighed down Quote Board Agenda May  2017 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Today10:00 AM Lammeh ExhibitionDubai World Trade Centre (DWTC) 15 May International Day of Families, May 15 15 May10:00 AM Lammeh ExhibitionDubai World Trade Centre (DWTC) 17 May World Telecommunication and Information Society 21 May World Day for Cultural Diversity 29 Jul02:00 PM Unite with Tomorrowland Live in Dubai Festival City Arena Dubai 30 Jul02:00 PM Unite with Tomorrowland Live in Dubai Festival City Arena Dubai Essential reading Top stories in news Close Recommended For You The children who are learning codingPUBLISHED ON May 12, 2017 New profile for world’s reserve currencyPUBLISHED ON May 12, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
H5N1 "Medicine is a social science, and politics is nothing else but medicine on a large scale"—Rudolf Virchow « ECDC epidemiological update: Yellow fever outbreak in Brazil | Main | More from WHO on Ebola in DR Congo » May 12, 2017 Ebola vaccine could get first real-world test in emerging outbreak Thanks to Greg Folkers for sending the link to this report in Nature News & Comment: Ebola vaccine could get first real-world test in emerging outbreak. Excerpt: An outbreak of the Ebola virus has emerged in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), the World Health Organization (WHO) said on 12 May. Congolese authorities have reported nine suspected cases of Ebola infection in the past three weeks; the WHO has confirmed one, and tests are pending on others.  Now health officials are considering whether to deploy an experimental Ebola vaccine against the outbreak, for the first time since the WHO gave it preliminary approval in April.   The aid group Medicins san Frontieres (MSF, or Doctors Without Borders) is discussing a potential vaccination campaign with the Congolese government, an MSF spokesperson says. That would require the approval of the WHO, which has not decided whether to call on the approved experimental vaccine or others in development, says WHO spokesman Tarik Jašarević.  Still, he says, “we are taking this [outbreak] seriously because Ebola is always serious”. The last outbreak of the virus, in West Africa from 2014 to 2016, killed 11,325 people; the more than a dozen known outbreaks in the DRC have been less severe.   There are now 12 candidate Ebola vaccines in development. None is yet approved for sale, in part because the vaccine candidates were not ready for testing until the West African Ebola crisis was on the wane. But on 27 April, the WHO’s advisory group on immunization recommended that an experimental vaccine called rVSV-SEBOV be deployed promptly should an Ebola outbreak arise. Developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada and licensed by the drug companies New Link Genetics and Merck, rVSV-SEBOV showed promise in a study published in the Lancet last December. The trial included 11,841 people in Guinea in 2015, near the end of the Ebola outbreak there. None of the 5,837 people who received the vaccine got the disease ten days after vaccination. But there were 23 cases among the thousands of other people included in the trial.  A look ahead  The deployment of rVSV-SEBOV may be warranted in the DRC, because the vaccine is based on the Zaire strain of Ebola that is driving the current outbreak, says Anthony Fauci, director of the US National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases. If public-health authorities decide to proceed, there is a supply of rVSV-SEB at the ready: GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance, signed an agreement with Merck in 2016 to purchase 300,000 doses of vaccine for use in future outbreaks. May 12, 2017 at 08:46 PM in Ebola, NGOs, Vaccination, Vaccines | Permalink Reblog (0) | | | | Comments Ebola vaccine could get first real-world test in emerging outbreak Thanks to Greg Folkers for sending the link to this report in Nature News & Comment: Ebola vaccine could get first real-world test in emerging outbreak. Excerpt: An outbreak of the Ebola virus has emerged in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), the World Health Organization (WHO) said on 12 May. Congolese authorities have reported nine suspected cases of Ebola infection in the past three weeks; the WHO has confirmed one, and tests are pending on others.  Now health officials are considering whether to deploy an experimental Ebola vaccine against the outbreak, for the first time since the WHO gave it preliminary approval in April.   The aid group Medicins san Frontieres (MSF, or Doctors Without Borders) is discussing a potential vaccination campaign with the Congolese government, an MSF spokesperson says. That would require the approval of the WHO, which has not decided whether to call on the approved experimental vaccine or others in development, says WHO spokesman Tarik Jašarević.  Still, he says, “we are taking this [outbreak] seriously because Ebola is always serious”. The last outbreak of the virus, in West Africa from 2014 to 2016, killed 11,325 people; the more than a dozen known outbreaks in the DRC have been less severe.   There are now 12 candidate Ebola vaccines in development. None is yet approved for sale, in part because the vaccine candidates were not ready for testing until the West African Ebola crisis was on the wane. But on 27 April, the WHO’s advisory group on immunization recommended that an experimental vaccine called rVSV-SEBOV be deployed promptly should an Ebola outbreak arise. Developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada and licensed by the drug companies New Link Genetics and Merck, rVSV-SEBOV showed promise in a study published in the Lancet last December. The trial included 11,841 people in Guinea in 2015, near the end of the Ebola outbreak there. None of the 5,837 people who received the vaccine got the disease ten days after vaccination. But there were 23 cases among the thousands of other people included in the trial.  A look ahead  The deployment of rVSV-SEBOV may be warranted in the DRC, because the vaccine is based on the Zaire strain of Ebola that is driving the current outbreak, says Anthony Fauci, director of the US National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases. If public-health authorities decide to proceed, there is a supply of rVSV-SEB at the ready: GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance, signed an agreement with Merck in 2016 to purchase 300,000 doses of vaccine for use in future outbreaks. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. About Key Sites Avian Flu Diary Reliable, knowledgeable, always in touch. Bird flu (Google News) CDC: Morbidity & Mortality Weekly Report Centers for Disease Control and Prevention The major American health agency. Chikungunya (Google News) Constantly updated reports. CIDRAP The site of record for infectious disease news. Controversies in Hospital Infection Prevention Excellent US blog. Ebola (Google News) The most and newest updates available. ECDC migrant health topic page Efecto Cocuyo: Salud Health-related reports on a dissident Venezuelan website. Emerging Infectious Diseases epimonitor European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control Essential. Eurosurveillance Florida Health Zika Updates Flu in China Flu News Europe Joint ECDC-WHO/Europe site with weekly updates on influenza. FluTrackers Covering infectious diseases since 2006. Goats and Soda: Health National Public Radio's excellent blog. H5N1 (Google News) H7N9 (Google News) Constantly updated reports. Hong Kong Centre for Health Protection The exemplary public health agency. Income inequality and health (Google News) International Organization for Migration IRIN Important humanitarian news source. JAMA Internal Medicine Lassa fever (Google News) Leishmaniasis (Google News) Liberia Ministry of Health Medecins Sans Frontieres The commandos of global health. Ministries of Health Worldwide Nature News & Comment New England Journal of Medicine PLOS Currents Outbreaks PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases ProMED-mail Radio Okapi Covers events in DR Congo; in French. Reuters AlertNet Humanitarian News Reuters Health News Saudi Arabia: MOH Command and Control Center Official MERS data site. Science News (Health) Shots NPR's health blog. Singapore NEA: Zika Clusters STAT Excellent medical coverage from The Boston Globe. The Lancet The Lancet Global Health The Lancet Infectious Diseases Free registration required. The Lancet Public Health The Lancet Respiratory Medicine VDU's blog Dr. Ian Mackay's smart take on events. Virology Blog Dr. Vincent Racaniello's blog. World Health Organization The authority. Xinhua health reports Yellow fever (Google News) Zika virus (Google News) WHO Sites Home page, World Health Organization Influenza at human-animal interface - Monthly Risk Assessment Summary WHO reports on new human H5N1 cases. WHO African Region WHO Bulletin WHO coronavirus updates WHO Eastern Mediterranean Region WHO European Region WHO H7N9 page WHO Pan American Health Organization WHO Confirmed Human Cases of Avian Influenza A(H5N1) WHO Disease Outbreak News WHO Epidemic and Pandemic Alert and Response WHO South-Eastern Region WHO Universal Health Coverage Data Portal WHO Weekly Epidemiological Record WHO Western Pacific Region News Gatherers ABYZ News Links Extensive links to news sources worldwide. BBC News Health Bird Flu (NewsNow) Cholera (NewsNow) CIDRAP: Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy Dengue (NewsNow) Dengue Virus Net Encephalitis (NewsNow) FluTrackers A key resource. Global Polio Eradication Initiative H5N1 (NewsNow) H7N9 (NewsNow) Hand-foot-mouth disease (NewsNow) HealthMap: The Disease Daily HIV/AIDS (NewsNow) Humanosphere Global health & the fight against poverty Influenza (NewsNow) Influenza Virus Net IRIN Malaria (NewsNow) Marburg fever (NewsNow) Measles (NewsNow) Medscape Infectious Diseases Free registration required. National Travel Health Network and Centre (UK) NDM-1 (Google News) Nodding syndrome (NewsNow) Outbreak News Today Pacific Malaria Initiative Support Centre Malaria news & resources Poultry Site Avian Flu News PoultryMed Extensive information on poultry diseases and treatments. ProMED-mail Quandl Remarkable database of worldwide vital statistics. ReliefWeb ReliefWeb Updates Risk = Hazard + Outrage: The Peter M. Sandman Risk Communication Website Stop the Hunger Malnutrition and starvation around the world, in real time. Syria Deeply Updates on a continuing public-health disaster. The Conversation: Health & Medicine Timely articles by academics in their fields of expertise. Tuberculosis (NewsNow) Virology News Curated by South African virologist Ed Rybicki. Worldometers Global health statistics in real time. Bloggers A Time's Memory Offers highly detailed surveys of news stories and scientific reports. Avian Flu Diary Excellent news coverage and even better analysis. AvianVirusResearch Covers viruses in birds, including poultry. Blog de Medicina Cubana (español) Contagions Controversies in Hospital Infection Prevention Cuba Dengue Cuban dissident site with posts in Spanish and English Dispatches from Haiti Dr. John Carroll's extraordinary posts and photos. Dying in Haiti A doctor working in Cité Soleil. E. coli Blog Surveillance & analysis on E. coli news & outbreaks Emerging and Re-emerging infectious diseases in South Asian countries A Nepali epidemiologist currently working in Seoul. Emerging Infectious Diseases in Nepal End the Neglect (Global Network for Neglected Tropical Diseases) epidemic Excellent technical blog on viral diseases. Geology in Motion Dr. Susan W. Kieffer, geologist and MacArthur Fellow, on environments that can make us sick. HICprevent Blog of Hospital Infection Control & Prevention Infection Control Tips Promising new site on a key issue. Laurie Garrett Maia Majumder, Mens et Manus Maryn McKenna: Germination The new blog of a major science writer. Mosquito Research and Management Excellent blog by Australian researcher Dr. Cameron Webb. MRSAtopic Nigeria Health Watch Outbreak News Today Outbreak Watch Run by Dr. Pranab Chatterjee in Delhi. PLOS Public Health Rosemary Drisdelle Expert on parasitic diseases. Shots National Public Radio health blog This Day in Water History Very interesting historical blog. Uncoating Blog by virologist Joost Snijder. ViroBlogy Dr. Ed Rybicki at the University of Cape Town virology blog Dr. Vincent Racaniello offers expert comment and analysis in posts that non-experts can understand. Virology Down Under Virologist Dr. Ian Mackay's blog Journals and Technical Sources Acta Tropica BC Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS Canadian Medical Association Journal CDC Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics & Policy Important site for news on antimicrobial resistance and other issues. Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters Chinese Medical Association (English) CIDRAP: Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy CIDRAP: Public Health Practices Clinical Infectious Diseases CMAJ Open Disaster Medicine and Public Health Preparedness Doctors Without Borders Emerging Infectious Diseases epidemic Highly useful site at the University of Edinburgh. Eurosurveillance Gavi, The Vaccine Alliance Global Health Governance Global Viral International Centre for Diarrhoeal Disease Research, Bangladesh ISARIC International Severe Respiratory Infection Consortium Journal of the American Medical Association Malaria Journal MalariaWorld mBio MEDICC Review: International Journal of Cuban Health and Medicine PLOS Currents Outbreaks PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases PLOS ONE: H5N1 PLOS Pathogens ProMED-mail Public Library of Science Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting The BMJ The Lancet The Lancet Global Health The Lancet Infectious Diseases Free registration required The Lancet Respiratory Diseases Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease Valley Fever Center for Excellence (U of Arizona) Public Health Agencies & Health Departments ASEAN Plus Three Countries: Information Centre on Emerging Infectious Diseases BC Centre for Disease Control California Department of Public Health Canadian Food Inspection Agency Caribbean Public Health Agency Center for Public Communication, Secretariat General of the Ministry of Health In Bahasa Indonesia Centers for Disease Control (US) Centers for Disease Control, Ministry of Health and Welfare Taiwan, ROC English-language page of the agency's site. Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention Danish Health and Medicines Authority Direcção-Geral da Saúde (Portugal) European Centre for Disease Control Folkhälsomyndigheten (Public Health Agency of Sweden) Launched January 1, 2014; this is the English page. India: Ministry of Health & Family Welfare Liberia Ministry of Health & Social Welfare Ministries of Health Worldwide Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (CDC) National Institute for Health and Welfare English-language Finnish site. National Institutes of Health Offlu: OIE/FAO Network of Expertise on Avian Influenza OIE - World Organisation for Animal Health Pan American Health Organization Avian Influenza (English, español e português) Public Health Agency of Canada Qatar Supreme Council of Health Robert Koch Institute (Germany) Saudia Arabian Ministry of Health Uganda Ministry of Health World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) Avian Influenza portal Recent Posts China: Twelve new H7N9 cases in past four days DR Congo: Eleven cases of Ebola in Bas-Uélé WHO Regional Director for Africa Dr Matshidiso Moeti travels to Kinshasa to discuss Ebola outbreak response UK: NHS seeks to recover from global cyber-attack as security concerns resurface Venezuela replaces health minister after data shows crisis worsening Saudi Arabia: One new MERS case on May 13 More from WHO on Ebola in DR Congo Ebola vaccine could get first real-world test in emerging outbreak ECDC epidemiological update: Yellow fever outbreak in Brazil WHO on DR Congo's Ebola outbreak Recent Comments Faruq on Estimating the future burden of multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis in India, the Philippines, Russia, and South Africa Faruq on China: A suspected person-to-person transmission of avian influenza A (H7N9) case in ward Peter Nguyen on CDC Zika Interim Response Plan Jen on US: Anti-vaccine activists spark a state’s worst measles outbreak in decades Crof on India: 28% of Delhi chikungunya patients have comorbidity Jen Halverson on India: 28% of Delhi chikungunya patients have comorbidity Carolyn Russ on ECDC: Healthcare-associated infections pose a major public health threat in long-term care facilities in Europe Parademic on Lessons from a lost city Parademic on Brazil’s response to a huge yellow fever outbreak: Kill the monkeys Giuseppe Michieli on Australia: Flu pandemic likelihood increasing as new strains emerge, UNSW researchers warn My Health-Related Articles 2016: Zika Threat: Our Chance to Confront Mosquito-Borne Illnes 2016: Zika and Microcephaly: The Race to Find the Link 2016: Why Pandemics Are Our Own Damn Fault 2016: Bombing Hospitals Is a War Crime, Even When Your Friends Do It 2015: Why Canada Needs a Radically Changed World Health Organization 2015: Travelling Somewhere Warm This Winter? Know These Diseases 2015: Travelling Somewhere Warm This Winter? Know These Diseases 2015: The Silent Epidemic Killing White American Women 2015: Remembering How Little We Understand PTSD 2015: Let's Call Gun Violence What It Is: A Public Health Disaster 2015: After Ebola, WHO Launches New Outbreak Workforce 2014: Warning: Child Poverty is Hazardous to Our Health 2014: Our Best Shot at Fighting Ebola 2014: News of Guinea Ebola Outbreak Should Have Gone Viral 2014: MERS and H7N9: A Tale of Two Outbreaks 2014: How MERS Could Topple the House of Saud, and Beyond 2014: For Viruses, Air Travel Ushers in a Golden Age 2014: Ebolanoia: The Plague that's Sweeping America 2014: Ebola Outbreak--This is Just the Prequel 2014: Depression: Gazing into the Abysss with Robin Williams 2013: Why We Still Need to Think About Bird Flu 2013: The Haiti That Canada Decided to Freeze 2013: Our Irrational Fear of Heroin 2013: How the Online World Is Fighting the Next Pandemic 2013: H7N9: When a New Virus Goes Viral 2012: Six Diseases You Don't Know Enough About 2012: My Turn in the Scanner 2012: How Our Immune Systems Exaggerate Fear 2012: Have We Created an Incurable TB? 2012: Assess the Public Health Impact of New Laws 2011: Timid Bureaucrats Can Be Lethal 2011: The Ten Most Underreported Health Stories of 2011 2011: How We Helped Pave Haiti's Road to Cholera Hell 2011: Haiti's Misery, Our Disgrace 2010: Who's Reporting on Haiti's Cholera? 2009: What Bird Flu Can Teach Us about Swine Flu 2009: The Coming Struggle over Swine Flu Vaccine 2009: Surfing a Swine Flu News Tsunami 2009: Plagues and Their Uses 2009: How the Media Blew the Flu 2009: How Good is the BC Pandemic Plan? 2009: Health Minister Aglukkaq's Road Show 2008: Sick Politics 2008: Indonesia's Bird Flu Blackout 2008: Dying for the Rich 2007: Where I Get the Latest 'Nasties' on the Avian Flu 2006: Worst Christmas Flu Ever 2006: The Flu Pandemic and You: A Canadian Guide 2006: Stopped Worrying about Avian Flu? 2006: Marketing Pandemic 2006: Lessons of the Barbary Plague 2005: Blogging the Pandemic 2005: Avian Flu Gets Our Attention 2005: Avian Flu Bloggers Getting Alarmed 2005: A Disaster to Make Hurricane Katrina Look Miniscule 2004: How Bad Can a Flu Be? Books on Infectious Diseases Christopher Hamlin: Cholera: The Biography David M. Oshinsky: Polio: An American Story David Quammen: Ebola: The Natural and Human History of a Deadly Virus David Quammen: Spillover: Animal Infections and the Next Human Pandemic Gina Kolata: Flu: The Story Of The Great Influenza Pandemic of 1918 and the Search for the Virus that Caused It Jerry Thompson: Cascadia's Fault: The Coming Earthquake and Tsunami that Could Devastate North America A 9.0 quake will be the biggest public health disaster North America has ever faced. John Kelly: The Great Mortality: An Intimate History of the Black Death, the Most Devastating Plague of All Time John M. Barry: The Great Influenza: The Story of the Deadliest Pandemic in History Jonathan M. Katz: The Big Truck That Went By: How the World Came to Save Haiti and Left Behind a Disaster Karl Taro Greenfeld: The China Syndrome How SARS broke out and was hunted down. Laurie Garrett: Ebola: Story of an Outbreak Marilyn Chase: The Barbary Plague: The Black Death in Victorian San Francisco Maryn McKenna: Superbug: The Fatal Menace of MRSA Maryn McKenna: Beating Back the Devil Philip Alcabes: Dread: How Fear and Fantasy have Fueled Epidemics from the Black Death to the Avian Flu Ralph R. Frerichs: Deadly River: Cholera and Cover-Up in Post-Earthquake Haiti The best book I know on the subject. Seth Mnookin: The Panic Virus: The True Story Behind the Vaccine-Autism Controversy Sonia Shah: The Fever: How Malaria Has Ruled Humankind for 500,000 Years Sonia Shah: Pandemic: Tracking Contagions, from Cholera to Ebola and Beyond Highly recommended. Steven Johnson: The Ghost Map: The Story of London's Most Terrifying Epidemic--and How It Changed Science, Cities, and the Modern World William H. McNeill: Plagues and Peoples Archives May 7, 2017 - May 13, 2017 April 30, 2017 - May 6, 2017 April 23, 2017 - April 29, 2017 April 16, 2017 - April 22, 2017 April 9, 2017 - April 15, 2017 April 2, 2017 - April 8, 2017 March 26, 2017 - April 1, 2017 March 19, 2017 - March 25, 2017 March 12, 2017 - March 18, 2017 March 5, 2017 - March 11, 2017 More... Read The Tyee May 2017 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31       Google Search Traffic Subscribe to this blog's feed Hot Zone Sources Ahram Online (Egypt) AllAfrica.com: Health and Medicine AlterPresse Haiti Arab News Bangkok Post Beijing Air Pollution: Real-time Air Quality Index Cambodia Daily Cambodia Ministry of Health China Daily Cholera (NewsNow) Delhi Air Pollution: Realtime Air Quality Index Dominican Republic Ministry of Public Health (español) Dr. Beat Richner, Kantha Bopha Hospitals, Cambodia European Centre for Disease Control GARR Haiti (français) Website dedicated to migration-related issues in Hispaniola. Hablemos Press Dissident Cuban news source. Haiti Libre Haitian news in English and French. Haiti on ReliefWeb Frequent updates on health & humanitarian issues. Haiti Resilience System Haiti: Ministry of Public Health & Population Haiti: Ministry of Public Health and Population: Cholera & chikungunya reports Haiti: MSPP Facebook page Haitian Times Hong Kong Centre for Health Protection Hong Kong Government News Hoy Digital (Dominican Republic)(español) Jakarta Globe Jakarta Post Monitor (Uganda) New Vision (Uganda) PAHO chikungunya page Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia) Saigon Giai Phong (Vietnam) Shanghai Daily Shanghai Municipal Health Bureau South China Morning Post Times of India Tuo Tre News (Vietnam) UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) UNHCR Xinhua (China) Chikungunya, Dengue, Zika Resources #chikungunya #dengue #Zika #zikavirus 2015 Zika virus outbreak in Brazil on Wikipedia BMJ Zika resource page Very useful free site, in English with some Portuguese & Spanish links. Brazilian Ministry of Health website In Portuguese; readable with Google Translate. Brazilian Ministry of Health: Zika virus links In Portuguese; news releases & information on Zika. CDC on chikungunya CDC Zika virus page Chikungunya (Google News) Chikungunya (NewsNow) Chikungunya en Cuba (español) Chikungunya Virus Net Both news and scientific articles. CIDRAP: Zika Resources & Literature Absolutely essential. Colombia: Instituto Nacional de Salud Important Zika source Colombian Ministry of Health and Social Protection Dengue (NewsNow) Dominican Republic Ministry of Public Health ECDC Zika virus page Elsevier centre de recursos de información sobre el virus del zika (español) Elsevier Centro de Recursos sobre Vírus Zika (português) Elsevier Zika Virus Resource Center Free access to news and research. Pacific Medical Training: Dengue Fever Concise but thorough one-page overview of dengue. PAHO chikungunya page Weekly updates plus technical materials. PAHO Zika virus page PLOS Zika virus collection page The Guardian on Zika Regular updates from a reliable source. The Lancet Zika virus resource centre Very useful and frequently updated. WHO: Zika Open New research papers. WikiDoc on Zika virus Zika in Texas Web page on the site of the Texas Department of State Health Services. Zika Modeling Projects a range of estimates for spread of Zika and number of microcephaly cases. Zika no Brasil Recent news stories; in Portuguese. Zika on PubMed Medical & scientific publications, steadily updated. Zika Open-Research Portal Zika virus (Google News) Zika virus (NewsNow) Zika Virus Net Zika virus on Wikipedia Zika: Mapping the emerging evidence Excellent compilation by WHO of research resources. Ebola and Lassa Resources #Ebola Very current tweets #Lassa Recent tweets on the disease. BBC Africa CDC Ebola page CIDRAP Ebola links Frequently updated. Daily Observer (Liberia) Daily Trust Nigerian paper with Lassa fever coverage. Ebola (Google News) Ebola (NewsNow) Ebola Deeply Archives of excellent coverage. Ebola Outbreak in West Africa (Thomson Reuters) Ebola Response Anthropology Platform ECDC: Ebola and Marburg virus disease Excellent news and resources. Front Page Africa Online Government of Liberia Portal Lassa fever (Google) Lassa fever (NewsNow) LassaAlert Nigerian government information site. Le Jour (français) Guinean newspaper Liberia Ministry of Health Nigeria Federal Ministry of Health Updates on the Lassa fever outbreak. Nigeria Health Watch Politico News and comment from Sierra Leone. Sierra Leone Issues Local Facebook page with occasional Ebola news. Sierra Leone Ministry of Health and Sanitation Sierra Leone Telegraph The Ebola Files Compendium of articles published in Science over more than a decade. The Guardian on Ebola News and comment. The Inquirer (Liberia) The Lancet: Ebola Resource Centre All relevant Lancet articles, freely accessible. The New Dawn (Liberia) Vanguard Nigerian paper with Lassa fever reports. West African Health Organization Also in French and Portuguese. WHO Ebola page Essential resource. WHO Regional Office for Africa Wikipedia on Lassa fever Wikipedia: 2014 West Africa Ebola Outbreak Wikipedia: Ebola virus disease Basic information resource. Avian Flu Resources Bird Flu (NewsNow) Canadian Food Inspection Agency CIDRAP on avian influenza ECDC: Avian influenza in humans Iowa Department of Agriculture Minnesota Board of Animal Health Nebraska Department of Agriculture OFFLU.net OIE Avian Influenza Portal OIE: World Organisation for Animal Health The Poultry Site Avian Flu News USDA Animal & Plant Health Inspection Service Latest avian flu updates. WHO: Avian influenza WHO: Confimed human H5N1 cases Wikipedia on H5N2 MERS Resources #Corona Arabic-language tweets on MERS; accessible with Google Translate. #MERS Arab News CDC MERS page CDC: Middle East Respiratory Syndrome CIDRAP MERS-CoV Resources List Exhaustive list of links, documents, and literature Coronavirus (NewsNow) FluTrackers Korean MERS-CoV Case List Infection Prevention and Control - KSA Extensive list of MERS publications, other resources. Iranian Ministry of Health (Farsi) MERS (Google News) MERS (NewsNow) MERS (Tersee) MERS charts by Maia Majumder Frequently updated graphic overview. MERS Live Contingency Tables Details of all known MERS cases, compiled by Andrew Rambaut. Qatar Supreme Council of Health SABQ.org (Arabic) Good online news source. Saudi Arabia Ministry of Health MERS page (Arabic) Saudi Arabia Ministry of Health MERS page (English) Saudi Arabia: Ministry of Health News Updates on MERS and other health issues. Saudi Daily Record: Healthcare Occasional MERS reports in English. Saudi Gazette Science Magazine MERS reports Invaluable resource going back to 2012. The National (United Arab Emirates) We Can Stop This Saudi government blog on MERS. WHO coronavirus updates WHO MERS-CoV page Yonhap News Agency (South Korea) Español Argentina: Ministerio de Salud Blog de Medicina Cubana Boletín Epidemiologico del IPK Weekly Cuban summary of local and international infectious diseases. Chile: Ministerio de Salud Colombia: Ministerio de Salud y Protección Social Cuba Cólera El Universal (México) España: Ministerio de Sanidad, Servicios Sociales, e Igualdad Honduras: Secretaría de Salud microBIO Noticias y curiosidades sobre virus, bacterias y microbiología México: Secretaría de Salud Nicaragua: Ministerio de Salud Organización Panamericana de la Salud Panamá: Ministerio de Salud Paraguay: Ministerio de Salud Pública y Bienestar Social Perú: Ministerio de Salud Prensa Latina Prensa Latina (Salud) Salud CiberCuba Salud en Cuba Venezuela: Ministerio del Poder Popular para la Salud Vigilancia en Salud Pública Cuban public health site. Português Combate Dengue Dengue Mata Folha.com Saúde (Brasil) O Globo Saúde (Brasil) Français Courrier du Vietnam: Santé Forum sur la grippe aviaire - virus H5N1 - Forum Influenzah5n1.fr Grippe A H1N1 santéblog My Blogs Ask the English Teacher Questions and answers about English usage. Bridging the Income Gap Why inequality is hazardous to your health. Camila Vallejo in English Tracking a political phenomenon Finnish Education Forum What Finland is doing in the schools. H5N1 News and resources about avian flu Jou Tou and Silk Road Music About a couple of remarkable Vancouver world-music groups. Neat Stuff Serendipitous discoveries around the Web. On Education Schools for a civil society. Pioneers Blogging the Black pioneers of British Columbia Sointula "Place of Harmony"—a remarkable community on BC's central coast. Write a Novel An online guide for fiction writers. Sell Your Nonfiction Book And use online resources to research, write, and publish it. Writing Fiction Advice and suggestions on how to write and sell short stories and fiction. Writing for the Web About the surprising new genres emerging on the Web. Some of My Books The Fall of the Republic In a parallel timeline, 1990s America discovers the chronoplanes: parallel worlds at different points in history. Rogue Emperor The hijacking of the Roman Empire, 100 AD, by 21st-century Christian fundamentalists, in the second of the Chronoplane Wars novels. The Empire of Time My first novel, published in 1978, but the last in the Chronoplane Wars trilogy. Gryphon "Write a space opera," my editor said. So I did, with some nanotech thrown in. Tsunami A companion novel to Icequake, set mostly in California. Icequake A disaster thriller (Antarctic ice sheet surges into ocean), dated but still fun. Eyas Originally published in 1982, and still the novel I'm most proud of.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Market Research Report: Comprehensive Analysis and Future Estimations 2024 Global Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Market: Trends The market for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is expected to grow globally under the influence of high prevalence of OCD and life style changes causing changes in thinking processes. According to International OCD Foundation, approximately 2-3 million adults are living with OCD in the United States. The International OCD Foundation also states that nearly 500,000 American children have OCD. A large number of cases of OCD go unreported as many people are not aware that there is any such specific disease. Also, many people hide their illness in order to avoid embarrassment. Global Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Market: Overview Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) may be defined as an anxiety disorder that is characterized by unreasonable and uncontrollable thoughts and fears that lead an individual to perform repetitive behaviors. Obsessive-compulsive disorder compels a person to get stuck on a particular thought or fear. For example, a person afraid of contamination may wash his/her hands repetitively in an order to make sure his/her hands are clean. Likewise, a person may check a gas stove multiple times to be sure that it’s really turned off. Usually people affected with obsessive-compulsive disorder possess both obsessions as well as compulsions; however, in many cases individuals may have either obsessions or compulsions. Some common thoughts that usually pop up in mind of people with obsessive-compulsive disorder are fear of being contaminated by germs or dirt, excessive thinking about religious or moral ideas, superstitions, having things orderly or symmetrical, doubts that stove is turned off and thoughts of hurting oneself or others. These thoughts cause people with obsessive-compulsive disorder to perform actions like repeatedly checking of things such as locks and switches; repeatedly reciting certain words with intent to reduce anxiety, ordering or arranging things and accumulating wastes like newspaper, wine bottles or empty food containers. The exact causes of OCD are not known, however, some possible reasons may include differences in brain structure and genetic factors. The treatment involves psychotherapy as well as medication. Cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) is a specific type of psychotherapy that has been useful in treating people with OCD. Cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) teaches a person multiple ways of thinking, reacting and handling a particular situation. Most commonly used medications for treating OCD include antidepressants and anti-anxiety medications. A child suffering from PANDAS (Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated with Streptococcal infections) is prescribed antibiotics for treating strep infections and SSRI medicines (citalopram, escitalopram, fluoxetine, sertraline and paroxetine). View Report- www.transparencymarketresearch.com/obsessive-compulsive-d… Global Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Market: Regional Outlook Geographically, the market for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). North America was the largest regional market in 2013, followed by Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). One of the major factors responsible for North America’s leading position in this particular market is well established health coverage in the region and high level of awareness regarding the illness. In Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW) regions, the market is expected to grow in coming future owing rise in prevalence of people with OCD and increasing wareness regarding the disease. Japan, China, India, Australia and New Zealand are the most potential markets in the Asia-Pacific region. Global Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Market: Key Players Some major companies and research institutions that are extensively engaged in the development, manufacturing and marketing of OCD drugs include Abbott Laboratories, Pfizer Ltd., Merck & Co., Sanofi, Novartis AG, University of South Florida, Ortho-McNeil Janssen Scientific Affairs, LLC and Indiana University. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa) Request a brochure of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Market during 2016- 2024 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Granulometer Market Research Report: Comprehensive Analysis and Future Estimations 2024 Next PostNext Global Autonomous Cars Market Research Report 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Remarks of World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim at the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation – Opening Plenary Session 世界银行集团行长金墉在“一带一路”国际合作高峰论坛开幕全体会上的发言 South Side mom expands after-school program with UChicago’s support „United Laboratories USLEN” insulin glargin gained experts’ recognition and recommendation „United Laboratories USLEN” insulin glargin gained experts’ recognition and recommendation RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) Deficiency Treatment Market Research Report: Analysis & Trends 2024 The December 2015 U.S. FDA approval of a breakthrough drug in the LAL deficiency treatment market, has set the ball rolling for tremendous potential in the growth of this rare-disease market. Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) Deficiency, also known as Cholesterol Ester Storage Disorder (CESD), Wolman’s Disease or LAL deficiency, is an inherited, ultra-rare genetic disease affecting children as well as adults. Lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) is responsible for the hydrolysis of cholesterol esters and triglycerides. Patients with LAL deficiency have no or little LAL enzyme activity which results in the accumulation of fats within various body cells that leads to high cholesterol and triglycerides, and a very low HDL-cholesterol level. There are two main types of LAL disorder: early onset Wolman Disease and late onset CESD. Wolman disease is very rare, with an incidence of less than one in 100,000 live births. CESD is a less severe, later-onset disorder which can occur in adults at any stage in life, having an incidence of about one in 25 per million births. While Wolman disease is a relatively occurrence, the infants affected with it usually die within the first year of birth after experiencing growth failure, liver fibrosis, and cirrhosis. In late onset LAL deficiency, the accumulation of cholesteryl esters and triglycerides in blood vessels, vital organs, and other tissues of adults, results in progressive and multiple-organ damage which includes fibrosis, cirrhosis, liver failure, accelerated atherosclerosis, and cardiovascular disease. Since LAL disease has symptoms similar to many other diseases, for instance, heart disease, it is often misdiagnosed. The disease in its late onset form does not affect everyone equally and thus symptoms can vary from person to person, often manifesting as mild symptoms which consequently also makes the disease underdiagnosed worldwide. The biggest factor that shall drive the market is that currently, apart from a recently approved drug by U.S. FDA known as Kanuma (sebelipase alfa), there is no approved treatment available for the disease. Thus, tremendous business opportunity lies in the investment of finding therapies for treatment in this market. Lack of awareness regarding disease diagnosis and untimely treatment due to ignorance of symptoms may restrain the growth of the market. View Report- www.transparencymarketresearch.com/lysosomal-acid-lipase-… The global market for lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) deficiency is segmented on basis of type of therapy, type of drug, disease indication and geography: Segmentation by Type of Therapy (no. of surgeries) Liver Transplant Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant Segmentation by Type of Drug Statins and other dyslipidemia drugs Sebelipase alfa (Kanuma) Segmentation by Disease Indication Wolman Disease Cholesteryl ester storage disease (CESD) LAL deficiency is a chronic progressive genetic metabolic disease associated with substantial morbidity as well as premature mortality. It is an ultra-rare disease, which is defined as a disease that affects fewer than 20 patients per one million of the general population. The current management practice for the disease involves taking lipid lowering medications such as statins, to overcome symptoms of lipid accumulation. However, progression of the disease often necessitates the patient to undergo a liver transplant. The market for lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) deficiency is segmented based on number of surgeries: for liver transplant and for hematopoietic stem cell transplant. A liver transplant may give LAL patients respite from liver failure, but it does not tackle the underlying cause of the disease and may not stop disease progression in extra-hepatic organs, which include the heart and kidneys. However, it is still an option for patients who wish to increase chances of survival. Although hematopoietic stem cell transplant has been performed in a few infants with lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) deficiency, it has been associated with complications and the long term outcomes are unknown. Thus, the liver transplant segment shall witness more number of surgeries during the forecast period compared to the hematopoietic stem cell transplant segment. Based on disease indication, sebalipase alfa segment is expected to contribute largest share in global lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) deficiency treatment market due to it being the only approved mainstay treatment for the disease. Statins although helpful in symptom management for lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) deficiency, are not effective in completely preventing the progression of the disease, resulting in their estimated lower share in the market compared to sebalipase alfa. Moreover, the value garnering segment would be sebalipase alfa due to its higher cost of treatment and also being the preferred treatment due to it being the only approved drug for this indication. On the basis of disease indication, the market has been segmented into wolman disease and cholesteryl ester storage disease (CESD). The market for CESD is anticipated to be higher due to comparatively higher need in this segment. On the basis of regional presence, global lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) deficiency treatment market is segmented into five key regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America and Europe are expected to lead the global lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) deficiency treatment market due to high prevalence of this rare disease. Some of the major players in global lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) deficiency treatment market are Alexion Pharmaceutical Inc., AstraZeneca plc., Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc. and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Request a brochure of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) Deficiency Treatment Market during 2016- 2024 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cancer Cachexia Market Research Report: Analysis & Trends 2024 Next PostNext The National Wildlife Federation Announces 2016 Ranger Rick Photographer of the Year Award Search Recent Posts Remarks of World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim at the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation – Opening Plenary Session 世界银行集团行长金墉在“一带一路”国际合作高峰论坛开幕全体会上的发言 South Side mom expands after-school program with UChicago’s support „United Laboratories USLEN” insulin glargin gained experts’ recognition and recommendation „United Laboratories USLEN” insulin glargin gained experts’ recognition and recommendation RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aerosol Therapy Market Research Report: Key Growth Factors and Forecast 2024 Aerosol is suspension of liquid or solid particles in a carrier gas, which makes use of it for treatment of respiratory system related diseases. Different forms of drugs can be utilized for aerosol therapy such as solid particles, liquid particles, solutions, and suspensions. Until recently, aerosol therapy concentrated primarily on treatment of asthma and COPD for which, pressurized metered-dose inhaler device was used. However, the role of aerosol therapy is expanding beyond the initial focus. This expansion eliminated CFC-based traditional metered-dose inhalers devices. This will ultimately boost the market growth of aerosol therapy in the field of gene therapy, inhalation therapy and vaccination. Aerosol therapy is a natural and easiest way to treat asthma, COPD, cystic fibrosis, and broncho pulmonary dysplasia (BPD). Aerosol therapy is also used to deliver insulin, vaccines of influenza and measles, and pain medications. Aerosol treatment therapy gives an excellent and cost-efficient drug delivery. This therapy is effective for patients who cannot use metered-dose inhalers; primary inhalation devices are produced that guarantee breath-actuated aerosol delivery with minimal side effects. Aerosol therapy provides a fast and non-invasive way for treatment of lung disorders as the drug is delivered at the receptor site. Effectiveness of the therapy depends on how deeply aerosol particles infiltrate into the bronchial track and where the particles are deposited. A particle size under 2μm is ideal and can permeate up to the peripheral airways. That is why most commercially available aerosol devices produce droplets of roughly this size. As per the World Health Organization, about half the cases of asthma and COPD are due to hereditary weakness and the other cases are due to environmental factors. The effect of pollution is likely to intensify globally along with industrialization of areas, and increasing the number of vehicles. Current government activities and rising healthcare investments are drivers of aerosol therapy market, which would upgrade over the examination time frame. Increasing prices are major factor that is restraining the growth of the market in terms of value. View Report- www.transparencymarketresearch.com/aerosol-therapy-market… The global market for aerosol therapy is segmented on the basis of product type, technology, disease indication, end user and geography: Segmentation by product type: Inhalers Dry Powder Inhalers (DPIs) Metered Dose Inhalers (MDIs) Nebulizers Ultrasonic Nebulizer Compressed Air-Jet nebulizers Vibrating membrane device Bronchodilators Segmentation by technology: Manually operated Digitally operated Segmentation by disease indication: Asthma COPD BPD Other Segmentation by end user: Hospitals Clinics Ambulatory Surgical Centers Individual Currently metered dose inhaler majorly contributes to the market and is expected to dominate the market over the forecast period. As per the data, COPD is third leading cause of death and fifth leading cause of disability. Also, factors like increasing pollution, improper lifestyles are the factors that drive the growth of the market. On the basis of regional presence, global aerosol therapy market is segmented into five key regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa. Asthma symptoms were detected in 26 million persons who live in the U.S., of which, 19 million comprise adults and 7 million comprise children. With this rate, North America is expected to dominate the market. Asia Pacific (mostly China and India) market is estimated to grow at a relatively fast rate over the forecast period. The largest manufacturers of aerosol therapy devices are Merck, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, GlaxoSmithKline, and AstraZeneca Plc. In 2001, SmithKline Beecham and GlaxoWellcome merged together and became GlaxoSmithKline, who became a key player in this field. Also, Novartis AGTeva Pharmaceuticals, Opko Health, Omron Healthcare Co., Covidien plc., GE Healthcare Ltd., Philips Healthcare, Agilent Technologies, Inc. Ltd, GF Health Products, Inc. are other important players in this market. Request a brochure of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Aerosol Therapy Market during 2016- 2024 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The National Wildlife Federation Announces 2016 Ranger Rick Photographer of the Year Award Next PostNext Gastritis Market Research Report: Key Growth Factors and Forecast 2024 Search Recent Posts FED Publishing Releases New Book, “Sanity and Success for Working Women: A Quick Guide to Survive and Thrive in the Corporate World” by Marilyn J. Fettner & Linda I. McCabe Commencement speeches celebrate immigrants, free speech 3 Top Industrial Machinery Stocks to Buy in 2017 U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for May 14: Mother’s Day Give Something Back Appoints Domenic Merendino as Mentor Manager RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Ebola Returns, and Central Africa's Virus Hunters Are Ready subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Maybe one day we'll live in a world with circular runways. That day, however, is not today bit.ly/2pHq2tJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Scott Camazine/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Adam Rogers. Adam Rogers Science Date of Publication: 05.12.17. 05.12.17 Time of Publication: 8:57 pm. 8:57 pm Ebola Returns, and Central Africa’s Virus Hunters Are Ready Scott Camazine/Getty Images On April 22, a man with a fever, nosebleed, and bloody stool and vomit came to a clinic in Likati, in the northern province of Bas-Uele in the Democratic Republic of Congo. He died on the way to a bigger hospital. Within days, other people were getting sick, and the pattern was familiar. First it was the chauffeur who drove the initial victim, with the same symptoms. Then the people who’d transported the chauffeur via motorcycle came to a clinic with the classic signs. Now six people are in the hospital, three people have died, and the DRC’s national lab in Kinshasa says at least one1 of them tested positive for Ebola. Now Médecins Sans Frontières—Doctors Without Borders—is sending 14 people to meet a 10-person team from the DRC’s Health Ministry on Saturday. A cargo plane carrying 16 tons of medical and logistical supplies is en route from Kinshasa to meet them. The disease outbreak fighters are on the way. A catastrophic Ebola epidemic killed more than 11,300 people in West Africa between 2013 and 2016; so far this new outbreak looks small and containable. It’s also a chance for the world’s disease response infrastructure to get its act together; report after report criticized the World Health Organization and the US Department of Health and Human Services for the way they handled that outbreak. They were slow, didn’t follow set procedures, and didn’t deploy enough personnel until too late. It was terrible for West Africa, and it didn’t bode well for future outbreak responses. Related Stories Chelsea Leu Ebola Is Coming Back—But It Never Really Went Away Erika Check Hayden Ebola Survivors May Be the Key to Treatment—For Almost Any Disease Katie M. Palmer What ‘100 Percent Effective’ Means for That Ebola Vaccine Don’t panic. The DRC has experienced eight small Ebola outbreaks since 1976; the disease is named after a river there. The country has people with experience. “There is precedent. We’ve seen this before, and it’s been possible to contain it,” says Peter Hotez, head of the National School for Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine. “On the other hand, we’ve seen the consequences of not being aggressive to put public health control measures in place.” Straight-ahead public health measures like sanitation and protective gear tend to control Ebola despite its florid, grand-guignol symptoms—lots of highly infectious blood and fluids. Only people who come into very close contact with the sick tend to get sick themselves. That puts two particular groups at the highest risk of infection: healthcare workers and people taking care of their own family members or burying the recently deceased. So on the ground, the MSF team will start administering care, potentially building a clinic. They might also work with locals to do triage and surveillance. So far, representatives from the World Health Organization are doing much the same. Bas-Uele is rural and poorly mapped, so MSF is also trying to crowdsource a mapping project, asking locals to add detail and tags to satellite images. Epidemiologist Anne Rimoin’s UCLA-DRC Research Program was already working on mapping parts of the country to help with disease surveillance, so her team has been contributing and helping coordinate in Kinshasa. “Having high quality, detailed maps and geospatial data is crucial for being able to respond and contain outbreaks,” she says. “If you don’t have this information, you might miss lots of villages people just don’t know about.” When you have disease outbreaks in these remote, rural areas that are difficult to get to, they’re also difficult to get out of, and populations don’t move as easily. The problem in West Africa was that this happened in areas that are highly populated with a lot of movement, and that makes outbreaks hard to contain. Anne Rimoin, UCLA-DRC Research Program The 2014 epidemic got as bad as it did in part because West Africa had no real experience with Ebola, and in part because the disease spread from rural areas to cities in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone. But Bas-Uele is really far, populated mostly by subsistence farmers and hunters. “When you have disease outbreaks in these remote, rural areas that are difficult to get to, they’re also difficult to get out of, and populations don’t move as easily,” Rimoin says. “The problem in West Africa was that this happened in areas that are highly populated with a lot of movement, and that makes outbreaks hard to contain.” The other issue back then was the lack of a vaccine. That’s no longer the case; a dozen are in trials, and in 2016 a crowd of international researchers published results from Guinea showing that a vaccine called rVSV-Zebov effectively prevented infection of Ebola Zaire, the strain at fault in 2014 and the one at work in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Merck now makes the vaccine, and a 2016 deal between Merck and Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, means it has 300,000 doses ready to use. But so far no one has officially licensed the vaccine. That’s not necessarily dispositive. “Preparations are being accelerated to ensure that vaccine and equipment be available on site,” emails Tarik Jašarević, a WHO spokesperson. “Appropriate ethical and regulatory authorization has been sought as the vaccine can only be used under ‘extended access’ US-FDA provisions as it is not yet registered.” If the new outbreak is bigger than it looks, or starts getting bigger, WHO can start “ring vaccinations,” administering the drug to everyone who has had contact with someone infected, and then to their contacts, too. (Hey, it’s worked pretty well in the past.) With luck, they won’t need to use the vaccines. The outbreak will be contained, and the international response efficient and speedy. Because every one of these is an emergency for the people affected, and no matter its scale, it teaches something important for the next one—whether it’s Ebola in Bas-Uele or Zika in Miami. 1UPDATE 5/13/17 11:55 AM Changed to reflect a smaller number of positive tests, per new information from Anne Rimoin and the DRC National Lab Related Video Design This Simple Paper Centrifuge Could Revolutionize Global Health A Stanford researcher has created a groundbreaking scientific device using paper and string. It’s called a paperfuge and it may be the answer to testing blood samples in places that can’t power, afford, or transport a traditional centrifuge. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Ebola epidemiology vaccines Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular How an Accidental ‘Kill Switch’ Slowed Friday’s Massive Ransomware Attack Security How an Accidental ‘Kill Switch’ Slowed Friday’s Massive Ransomware Attack Lily Hay Newman The Ransomware Meltdown Experts Warned About Is Here Hacks The Ransomware Meltdown Experts Warned About Is Here Lily Hay Newman Google’s Fight Against Uber Takes a Turn for the Criminal crises Google’s Fight Against Uber Takes a Turn for the Criminal Aarian Marshall Crispr Makes It Clear: The US Needs a Biology Strategy, and Fast WIRED Opinion Crispr Makes It Clear: The US Needs a Biology Strategy, and Fast Amy Webb Next List 2017: 20 People Who Are Creating the Future Business Next List 2017: 20 People Who Are Creating the Future Wired Staff Security News This Week: Trump’s Cybersecurity Executive Order Looks … Pretty Good! Security This Week Security News This Week: Trump’s Cybersecurity Executive Order Looks … Pretty Good! Brian Barrett The Traditional Lecture Is Dead. I Would Know—I’m a Professor Education The Traditional Lecture Is Dead. I Would Know—I’m a Professor Rhett Allain 4 Ways to Protect Against the Very Real Threat of Ransomware Cybersecurity 4 Ways to Protect Against the Very Real Threat of Ransomware Kim Zetter More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Science Science Swirling Bacteria Illuminate the Strange Physics of Swarms Gabriel Popkin Climate Desk Veggies Grown With Toilet Water Could Be Headed to Your Table Emma Foehringer Merchant Podcasts Let’s Be Real: Sci-Fi Needs More Awesome Space Gods shocker Star Neuroscientist Tom Insel Leaves the Google-Spawned Verily for … a Startup? Adam Rogers Conservation Want to Save the Trees? Unleash the Fungus! Matt Simon Security How an Accidental ‘Kill Switch’ Slowed Friday’s Massive Ransomware Attack Lily Hay Newman We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Maybe one day we'll live in a world with circular runways. That day, however, is not today bit.ly/2pHq2tJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Maybe one day we'll live in a world with circular runways. That day, however, is not today bit.ly/2pHq2tJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Psoriasis Treatment Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Psoriasis Treatment Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Posted on May 13, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Increase in the incidence of Psoriasis and skin disorders, and novel pipeline drugs are some of the factors expected to drive the growth of global Psoriasis Treatment market during the forecast period. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/12/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled "Psoriasis Treatment Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024", This report on the Psoriasis Treatment market analyzes the current and future scenario of the global market. Approval of new biologics, increase in access for the treatment in developing market, increase in the number of psoriasis patients, are boosting the growth of the global Psoriasis Treatment market.  Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2425 Global Psoriasis Treatment Market – Overview The Psoriasis Treatment market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes market snapshot that provides information about various segments. It also provides information and data analysis of the global market with respect to the segments based on products, distribution channel, therapy type and geography. A detailed qualitative analysis of drivers and restraints, and opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. Additionally, the section comprises Porter's Five Forces Analysis to help understand the competitive landscape in the market. This section also provides market attractiveness analysis in terms of geography and market share analysis by key players, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global Psoriasis Treatment market. Global Psoriasis Treatment Market – Segmentation In this report, the market segments have been analyzed based on availability of approved products, cost-effectiveness, and preference for technological systems by physicians and patients. The market size and forecast for each of these segments have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Based on product type, the market has been segmented into TNF Inhibitors, Vitamin D analogues or its combination, Interleukin Blockers and Others. Interleukin blockers segment is likely to be the most attractive segment in the near future due to its increasing use and its ability to act selectively by targeting the proteins. The segment is expected to grow at a highest CAGR rate during forecast period. Based on Therapy type, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been segmented into Topical Therapeutic Drugs, Systemic Therapeutic Drugs, Combinations of therapies & others. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on increase in demand for the therapies, availability of the drug products, and cost of therapy and severity of the disease. Different types of distribution channels are responsible for making the psoriasis treatment available in the market. The distribution channels are Hospital pharmacy, Retail pharmacy and the online sales. Under the distribution channel segment, hospital pharmacy plays a major role followed by retail pharmacy and online sales. Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/psoriasis-treatment-market Geographically, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been categorized into five major regions and the key countries in the respective region: North America (U.S. and Canada), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Spain, Italy, and Rest of Europe), Asia Pacific (India, Japan, China, Australia & New Zealand, and Rest of Asia Pacific), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, and Rest of Latin America) and Middle East & Africa (South Africa, Saudi Arabia, and Rest of Middle East & Africa). Companies Mentioned in the Report The report also profiles major players in the global Psoriasis Treatment market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, SWOT analysis, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Amgen Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., AstraZeneca, AbbVie Inc., LEO Pharma A/S and Biogen. About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Website: http://www.mrrse.com/ For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/psoriasis-treatment-global-market-research-report-and-industry-analysis-report-2024-806610.htm Media Relations Contact Harry Jadon Assistant Manager MRRSE Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: Click to Email Harry Jadon Web: http://www.mrrse.com/ Latest News Global in Mould Labelling Market Research Report 2017 Industry Analysis, Insights, Application, Services, Growth Biogas Plant Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2022 Truck-Mounted Concrete Pump Industry – Middle East & North Africa (MENA) Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Alternators Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Free-to-Air (FTA) Service Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Commercial Roofing Materials Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Waterborne Ink Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Global Sodium Metal Market to Grow Impressively with a CAGR of 4.4% for the Forecast Period Till 2024 Psoriasis Treatment Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Solder Flux Market Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report 2024 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman India Animal Health Care Market to Display a Remarkable CAGR of 8.0% During 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/12/2017 — The animal health care market in India has a great potential for growth, owing to the rising consumption of animal protein by Indian people, increase in veterinary professionals and a number environment-related factors. This rapidly rising India animal health care market is the focus of a new market report added to the vast online collection of Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE). The title of this report is „Animal Health Care Market – India Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024″. The primary objective of this report is to offer in-depth insights into the market dynamics that influence the growth of India animal health care market over the forecast period. Request for Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2890 The report predicts that the Indian market for animal health care will expand at a healthy CAGR of 8.0% between 2016 and 2024. Rising at this pace, the market is expected to reach a value of US$1,179.4 million by the end of 2024 from US$590.0 million in 2015. The drivers that can be attributed for this growth are the development of new generation antibiotics for animal health care, rise in consumption of animal protein among Indian population and increase in epidemics of animal diseases. Apart from these factors, significant animal population and rising awareness about animal healthcare practices will also contribute to the growing animal health care market. The report on India animal health care market begins with the market definition, followed by definitions of the various animal types and diverse therapeutic applications. The market dynamics such as key trends, drivers, restraints, opportunities and macro-economic factors impacting the growth of India animal health care market are analyzed in detail within the report. Next, the report studies the market on the basis of animal type and geographic zone and presents forecast in terms of market value for the next 10 years. On the basis of animal type, the major segments examined in the report are as follows: -Livestock Bovine Species Porcine Species Ovine Species Poultry Species -Companion Canine Species Feline Species South India, North India, East India, and West India are the four major zones of the India Animal Health Care Market. With a share of 37%, South India has emerged the largest zone in the country. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/india-animal-health-care-market Detailed profiles of major companies operating in India animal health-care market are included within the scope of the report to assess their long and short-term business strategies. Some of the major players included in this report are Zoetis Inc., Bayer AG, Elanco, Merck & Co., Inc. (Intervet India Pvt. Ltd.), The Himalaya Drug Company, Merial, Virbac Group, Ceva Santé Animale, Vetoquinol, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Cipla Inc. (Cipla Vet), Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Cargill Incorporated, Venkys India, Zydus Animal Health, Ayurvet Limited and Natural Remedies Pvt. Ltd., among others. About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Follow Us on LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Follow Us On Twitter-https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Streptococci Testing Sector Intensive Business & Trend Analysis for the Forecast Till 2024 Next PostNext Global Agricultural Equipment Market to Surge at a CAGR of 2.8% Between 2016 and 2024 Search Recent Posts Trade trip to Japan great boost for NZ tech exporters Don’t click strange links, to avoid cyber-attack Better Understanding Memory to Build Self Awareness President Trump Makes his First Commencement Speech to Liberty University Grads Apple Reports Second Quarter Results RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 7/1 (6.3) - PAK 174/8 (57) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Zakir Musa Exam results 2017 News Health News Health experts in Congo identify two more suspected Ebola cases Shares1 Sat, 13 May 2017-06:42pm , Reuters Health experts have identified two more suspected cases of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo, a day after the government declared an outbreak of the disease that has killed one man, the U.N. health agency said on Saturday. Government and World Health Organization (WHO) officials reached a remote area of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic on Saturday for a field investigation, WHO said. Experts say to prevent the spread of the virus they must quickly track down, test, isolate and treat suspected cases. They also need to protect health workers and educate the population about hygiene measures. "The first case and possibly the index case, a 39-year-old male, presented onset of symptoms on 22 April, 2017, and deceased on arrival at the health facility," a WHO statement said. "Two contacts of this case are being investigated: a person who took care of him during transport to the health care facility, he has since developed similar symptoms, and a moto-taxi driver who transported the patient to the health care facility," it said, adding that the taxi driver had died. In addition, two more people in the area have been identified as suspected cases in the last 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 11, WHO's Congo spokesman Eugene Kabambi told Reuters. Three of them have died of fever. The worst outbreak of Ebola killed more than 11,300 people in the West African countries of Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and infected more than 28,000. It peaked in late 2014 causing global alarm but active virus transmission ended last year. The latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. That experience helped Congolese authorities respond effectively to an outbreak in 2014 that killed dozens of people. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government on the matter. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health Drink tequila for good bone health Health Stop wasting money on supplements Health Registry formed for rare diseases Health FSSAI panel turns heat on junk food, bats for tax, ad ban Health How one trichster got rid of her mania Health World Thalassaemia Day 2017: Six things you need to know about the disease Live Cricket Score Live WI 7/1 (6.3), 247/10 (115) WI need 297 runs to win PAK 174/8 (57), 376/10 (146.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary Ireland vs New Zealand Sun, 14 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Rising Pune Supergiant vs Kings XI Punjab Sun, 14 May 2017, 04:00 PM IST Video WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic View all Tags Central African Republic Guinea Liberia Reuters Sierra Leone World Health Organization Democratic Republic of Congo GAVI Merck U. N. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News India skips China's Silk Road summit, warns of "unsustainable" debt First Sikh-American officer joins Indianapolis police dept Kapil Mishra to file case against Kejriwal over 'black money' conversion Ujjain 'Gau rakshaks' brutally thrash man for allegedly hurting cows 2 Muslim men hauled off UK-bound flight for making 'gestures' Sport To hell and back: 'thumb rules' don't apply for Sumit Sangwan Halep beats Mladenovic to retain Madrid Open title Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, May 14 Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Champions Trophy: New Zealand pacer Tim Southee believes Virat Kohli will come good in tournament Entertainment After Sushant Singh Rajput, Kriti Sanon BREAKS SILENCE on rumours of their AFFAIR! Paul McCartney confirms 'Pirates 5' role with character poster Mother's Day 2017 | From Deepika Padukone to Alia Bhatt: Here's how actresses wished their moms 'Baahubali' writer penning sequels of 'Nayak', 'Rowdy Rathore' FINALLY! Shahid Kapoor's wife Mira Rajput BREAKS SILENCE on her controversial 'housewife' statement Money GST cloud hangs over excise mop-up as dealers hold up tight 'Sharing details of paper import for Rs 500, 2000 notes to I-T dept launches facility to correct errors in PAN, Aadhaar Credit appetite in power, telecom, mining on the wane: Report Credit deployment to power, telecom sector declining-ASSOCHAM Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Biologics Market will explore robust size & growth during 2016-2024 Global Biologics Market: Snapshot The biologics market is expected to grow at an impressive pace during the forecast period. The gains will be driven by substantial investments in research and developmental activities in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sector and the soaring demand for novel therapies for various rare diseases. Recent intensive researches in novel therapies and combination therapies have established the efficacy of biologics for treating a wide range of chronic diseases such as cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, macular degeneration, and hematological malignancies. The introduction of recombinant DNA technology has expanded the potential of the biologics market. The emergence of promising drug candidates has made several global and regional pharmaceutical players venture into the biologics market. The increasing rate of approval of biologics by various regulatory agencies such as the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) has positively impacted the market. The global biologics market is forecast to expand at a CAGR of 10.9% over the period 2016 – 2024. Maintaining a steady pace of growth, the market is anticipated to attain a valuation of US$479, 752 mn by the end of the forecast period. This 179 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the biologics market. Browse through 18 data tables and 101 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/global-biologics-marke… Several players are making large investments in expanding their biologics facilities across major geographic regions to gain a stronghold in this market. Leading players are launching novel therapies approved by the FDA to gain a competitive edge over others. The top biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies are forging partnerships to consolidate their shares across various regions. North America Prominent Market; Expanding Scope of Biologics Makes Asia Pacific Lucrative On the basis of geography, the global biologics market is segmented into Europe, North America, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, and Asia Pacific. Of these, currently, North America leads the global biologics market and is anticipated to occupy a revenue share of over 40% by the end of 2024. The growth in this regional market is attributed to intensive R&D activities, innovative drug formulations, and a large number of clinical trials focused on large-molecule drug discovery. In addition, the promise of profitable returns due to the premium pricing of biologics will stimulate investment in the coming years. However, owing to a wide patient base in need of novel therapies for chronic diseases and low cost involved in drug manufacturing, Asia Pacific has been brought to the forefront. The spiraling growth of the regional market is anticipated to outpace Europe as the second most prominent market for biologics. The Asia Pacific market is poised to expand at a tremendous CAGR of 15.6% during 2016–2024. Rise in favorable regulations for the approval of biologics has triggered the growth of the regional market. In addition, the influx of global pharmaceutical companies setting up their biologics production facilities in emerging markets, particularly China, is expected to propel the regional market. Monoclonal Antibodies to Emerge as Most Lucrative Product Segment Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving biologics market during 2016 – 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… On the basis of product type the global biologics market is segmented into monoclonal antibodies, vaccines, cell therapy, gene therapy, and recombinant hormones/vaccines. Amongst these, the monoclonal antibodies segment is expected to lead the market along the forecast period. The extensive growth is attributed to the increasing demand for personalized therapies in various regions. Furthermore, extensive researches in antibodies to discover targeted therapies for a variety of diseases, such as different types of cancers, infections, and various immunological disorders, are expected to propel the market. For instance, various researchers are studying the potential of monoclonal antibodies responsible for destroying cancer cells and cloning them so that they can be used for other patients to trigger positive immune responses. This segment is anticipated to rise at a CAGR of 11.9% during 2016–2024. The market for vaccines and recombinant hormones/proteins is anticipated to register significant growth over the forecast period. However, competitive pricing of many vaccines and the large-scale expiry of biologic patents are likely to hinder the regional market. This segment is expected to witness an incremental rise in the global shares by the end of forecast period, driven by robust sales across developed and emerging markets. The global biologics market is fairly fragmented with the presence of numerous global companies and several regional players. Few of the leading players in this market are AbbVie Inc., AstraZeneca, Amgen Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Bayer AG, Sanofi, Eli Lilly and Company, GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Pfizer Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and Novartis AG. About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Advanced Wound Care Management Market: Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts 2024 Next PostNext Biomedical Refrigerators and Freezers Market is expected to expand at a 4.21% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024 Search Recent Posts G20 summit on 7 and 8 July 2017 in Hamburg Germany’s G20 Presidency begins Together against climate change Agriculture is a key factor in achieving stability Global solutions needed for global challenges RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: May 14, 2017, 9:02 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health Pain Management Therapeutics Market: Business Challenges & Emerging Technologies Transparency Market Research Report Added "Pain Management Therapeutics Market" to its database.   PR-Inside.com: 2017-05-13 08:24:08 With generic medicines accounting for a more than two-thirds of the global pain management therapeutics market, several small- and medium-scale generic drug manufacturers will venture in the market and make it highly saturated in the near future, states TMR in a recent report. The segment of branded pain management therapeutics features the presence of some of the leading international pharmaceutical giants, including Merck & Co, Inc. Pfizer,Inc., Endo Health Solutions, Johnson & Johnson, and Purdue Pharma LP. In the branded drugs segment, the top two companies, Pfizer,Inc. and Purdue Pharma LP, accounted for over 50% share in 2015. Over the forecast period, the overall share of the branded drugs manufacturers in the global pain management therapeutics market will further decline. “Major vendors will lose market share to emerging vendors such as Depomed, Inc. and AstraZeneca plc. and the competition in the generic drugs segment will further intensify,” quotes a TMR analyst. This 130 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the pain management therapeutics market. Browse through 13 data tables and 64 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pain-management-therapeutics. .. Alarming Rise in Prevalence of Chronic Diseases Emerges as High-impact Driver The number of patients suffering from chronic pain is rising at a substantial pace globally. According to the WHO, nearly 116 mn people were suffering from chronic pain in 2011 in the U.S. alone. According to another survey, one in five people in Europe suffer from chronic pain every year. The rising prevalence of chronic diseases such as a variety of cancers and diabetes further contribute to the further contributes to the number of people suffering from chronic pain, encouraging the use of pain management drugs. Medications for alleviating the pain occurring from cancer therapy and from the intrusion of cancer cells in bones and other body parts, for instance, accounted for over 28% share of the overall pain management therapeutics market’s overall valuation in 2015. Rising Geriatric Population and Favorable Regulatory Scenario to Boost Consumption of Pain Management Drugs The vast rise in the world’s geriatric population is also expected to emerge as a key growth driver for the global pain management therapeutics market from 2106 to 2024. Aged people are more prone to diseases such as arthritis, joint or bone pain, epilepsy, depression, nerve damage, diabetic neuropathy, and a variety of injuries owing to low immunity levels or gene alteration. The global population of geriatrics (people aged more than 65 years) is expected to rise to 2 bn by 2050, accounting for nearly 22% of the projected global population by then. This demographic will lead to a substantial rise in the overall global demand for numerous pain management drugs, thereby driving the global pain management therapeutics market. Additionally, favorable regulations are playing a key role in the increased rate of development, approval, and commercialization of novel molecule combinations and drug delivery techniques in the pain management therapeutics sector. The instigation of a large number of regulatory healthcare reforms, favoring development of methods for the improved diagnosis and treatment of chronic pain, will help the pain management therapeutics tread along a promising growth path in the next few years. Patent Expiries of Blockbuster Drugs and Rising Uptake of Generics Could Pose Existential Threat to Established Players Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving pain management therapeutics market during 2016 - 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_ .. Impending patent expiries of several blockbuster pain management drugs in the global market is one of the key high-impact challenges for the global pain management therapeutics market presently. Cheaper generic versions of once high-earning drugs will deal a huge blow to the overall revenues of several established vendors in the global pain management therapeutics market in the next few years. The factor will also cause a substantial decline in the overall revenues of the global market. Moreover, the rapid influx of several new vendors with generic versions of once groundbreaking medications will lead to intense competition in the market for generic drugs for pain management therapeutics. In terms of product types, the global pain management therapeutics market is presently dominated by opioids and Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDS), which collectively accounted for over 52% of the market’s overall revenues in 2015. North America dominated the market, accounting for over 56% of the overall market in the same year. On a whole, the global pain management therapeutics market is expected to expand at a 3.7% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024. At this pace, the market is expected to rise from a valuation of US$60.2 bn in 2015 to US$83.0 bn by 2024. This review of the global pain management market is based on a recent market research report, titled “Pain Management Therapeutics Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016-2023.” Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY - 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Press Information Published by Rohit Bhisey +1-518-618-1030 e-mail www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ # 842 Words Related Articles More From The Author Steam Autoclave Market: Industry Players Shifting Focus [..] According to a new market research report published by Transparency Market Research “Steam Autoclave Market (Product – Traditional [..] Telemedicine Technologies and Services Market - Global [..] Telemedicine is the union of health care and telecommunication/information technology aimed at providing assistance to individuals in [..] Global Wearable Medical Devices Market is Rising [..] The top five providers of wearable medical devices held over 47% of the market in 2014, finds Transparency Market Research [..] Hearing Aids Market By Analysis of Major [..] As per Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global hearing aids market is expected to reach US$7.01 bn by 2024, from [..] Cardiac Rehabilitation Market will expand at a [..] In the highly consolidated global market for cardiac rehabilitation, innovations and product costs will be major determinants of [..]   More From Health Novotech signs MOU with South Korea's leading [..] SYDNEY, Australia and SEOUL, Korea - (ACN Newswire) - Asia Pacific specialist CRO Novotech announced today it has signed a [..] Digital Media & Commerce Company WellSeeker Announces [..] Digital media and commerce company, WellSeeker announced their official launch today. The wellness and self-care focused brand’s [..] Ultrasounds can decrease bone density Prolonged prenatal ultrasound exposure leads to decreased bone density and strength in young rabbits. Selangor, Malaysia, Mar [..] Frost & Sullivan independent industry report identifies [..] PERTH, W. AUSTRALIA, Mar 28, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd (PILL; ASX:PIQ) is the leader in [..] New dynamics in monitoring diagnostics in leukemia Dresden/Germany Diagnosis leukemia and stem cell transplantation The diagnosis "leukemia" for patients means to undergo [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Psoriasis Treatment Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/12/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Psoriasis Treatment Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024″, This report on the Psoriasis Treatment market analyzes the current and future scenario of the global market. Approval of new biologics, increase in access for the treatment in developing market, increase in the number of psoriasis patients, are boosting the growth of the global Psoriasis Treatment market.  Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2425 Global Psoriasis Treatment Market – Overview The Psoriasis Treatment market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes market snapshot that provides information about various segments. It also provides information and data analysis of the global market with respect to the segments based on products, distribution channel, therapy type and geography. A detailed qualitative analysis of drivers and restraints, and opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. Additionally, the section comprises Porter’s Five Forces Analysis to help understand the competitive landscape in the market. This section also provides market attractiveness analysis in terms of geography and market share analysis by key players, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global Psoriasis Treatment market. Global Psoriasis Treatment Market – Segmentation In this report, the market segments have been analyzed based on availability of approved products, cost-effectiveness, and preference for technological systems by physicians and patients. The market size and forecast for each of these segments have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Based on product type, the market has been segmented into TNF Inhibitors, Vitamin D analogues or its combination, Interleukin Blockers and Others. Interleukin blockers segment is likely to be the most attractive segment in the near future due to its increasing use and its ability to act selectively by targeting the proteins. The segment is expected to grow at a highest CAGR rate during forecast period. Based on Therapy type, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been segmented into Topical Therapeutic Drugs, Systemic Therapeutic Drugs, Combinations of therapies & others. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on increase in demand for the therapies, availability of the drug products, and cost of therapy and severity of the disease. Different types of distribution channels are responsible for making the psoriasis treatment available in the market. The distribution channels are Hospital pharmacy, Retail pharmacy and the online sales. Under the distribution channel segment, hospital pharmacy plays a major role followed by retail pharmacy and online sales. Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/psoriasis-treatment-market Geographically, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been categorized into five major regions and the key countries in the respective region: North America (U.S. and Canada), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Spain, Italy, and Rest of Europe), Asia Pacific (India, Japan, China, Australia & New Zealand, and Rest of Asia Pacific), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, and Rest of Latin America) and Middle East & Africa (South Africa, Saudi Arabia, and Rest of Middle East & Africa). Companies Mentioned in the Report The report also profiles major players in the global Psoriasis Treatment market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, SWOT analysis, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Amgen Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., AstraZeneca, AbbVie Inc., LEO Pharma A/S and Biogen. About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Website: http://www.mrrse.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Waterborne Ink Global Market Research Report and Industry Analysis Report – 2024 Next PostNext CBP Intercepts Two Bank Robbery Suspects at LAX Search Recent Posts Remarks of World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim at the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation – Opening Plenary Session 世界银行集团行长金墉在“一带一路”国际合作高峰论坛开幕全体会上的发言 South Side mom expands after-school program with UChicago’s support „United Laboratories USLEN” insulin glargin gained experts’ recognition and recommendation „United Laboratories USLEN” insulin glargin gained experts’ recognition and recommendation RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
