Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Research Coverage Started at Bryan, Garnier & Co January 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Bryan, Garnier & Co started coverage on shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) in a report released on Friday. The brokerage set a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also issued reports on MRK. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, October 14th. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $52.27 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Leerink Swann reiterated a “market perform” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group downgraded shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $65.79. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.06% during trading on Friday, reaching $62.17. 1,189,304 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Merck & Company has a 52-week low of $47.97 and a 52-week high of $65.46. The company’s 50 day moving average is $60.73 and its 200-day moving average is $61.13. The stock has a market cap of $171.41 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.75 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. Merck & Company had a net margin of 13.76% and a return on equity of 24.25%. The firm earned $10.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.17 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.96 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 4.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Merck & Company will post $3.79 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.02%. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Research Coverage Started at Bryan, Garnier & Co” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/13/merck-company-inc-mrk-research-coverage-started-at-bryan-garnier-co.html. In related news, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total value of $1,181,200.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 9,594 shares in the company, valued at $566,621.64. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total transaction of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at $4,667,275.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Solaris Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 3.8% in the third quarter. Solaris Asset Management LLC now owns 1,635 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the period. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 5.9% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 1,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Roble Belko & Company Inc boosted its position in Merck & Company by 124.7% in the second quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 1,802 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 1.8% in the third quarter. Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC now owns 1,711 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the period. Finally, Blume Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Merck & Company by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 72.43% of the company’s stock. Merck & Company Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Sectors Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Regions Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Events Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Jobs Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Directory Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Search Lilly and Merck expand Immuno-Oncology collaboration 13-Jan-2017 Regulatory New study to evaluate combination of LARTRUVO (olaratumab) and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Eli Lilly and Merck have announced the expansion of an existing immuno-oncology collaboration with Merck, known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada, through a subsidiary, to add a new study of Lilly's LARTRUVO (olaratumab) with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in patients with previously treated advanced or metastatic soft tissue sarcoma (STS). Notably, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently granted accelerated approval for LARTRUVO (olaratumab injection, 10 mg/mL), in combination with doxorubicin, for the treatment of adults with STS with a histologic subtype for which an anthracycline-containing regimen is appropriate and which is not amenable to curative treatment with radiotherapy or surgery. LARTRUVO (olaratumab injection, 10 mg/mL), in combination with doxorubicin, also recently received conditional marketing authorisation from the European Medicines Agency for the treatment of adults with advanced STS not amenable to curative treatment with surgery or radiotherapy and who have not been previously treated with doxorubicin. "We look forward to further expanding our collaboration with Merck to include this combination study focused on advanced soft tissue sarcoma, a rare and difficult-to-treat disease with limited treatment options," said Susan Mahony, Ph.D., senior vice president and president, Lilly Oncology. "This collaborative study builds on the exciting data we have seen with olaratumab and supports our focus on investigating the potential of rational combinations to enhance efficacy and change the standards of care for people with cancer." "Historic and present day scientific advances continue to reinforce the role of combination therapies in extending the lives of people with cancer," said Eric Rubin, M.D., vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology early-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. "Our collaboration with Lilly exemplifies our commitment to fully exploring combination regimens with KEYTRUDA to help arm physicians with the treatment tools they need to help their patients." Lilly is the sponsor of the Phase 1 study and enrollment is expected to begin mid-2017. Financial details of the collaboration were not disclosed. In addition to the study announced, other ongoing trials between Lilly and Merck, through a subsidiary, include: Studies of pemetrexed (plus carboplatin) and pembrolizumab in first-line nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), including a Phase 3 study that is currently enrolling patients; A Phase 1 study examining the combination of ramucirumab with pembrolizumab in NSCLC, gastric cancer and bladder cancer; A Phase 1 study examining the combination of necitumumab with pembrolizumab in NSCLC; and A Phase 1 study examining the combination of abemaciclib, a CDK 4 and 6 inhibitor, with pembrolizumab. Based on the Phase 1 trial results, the collaboration has the potential to progress to Phase 2 trials in patients who have been diagnosed with either metastatic breast cancer or NSCLC. Olaratumab (marketed under the brand name LARTRUVO) is a platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-α) blocking antibody that specifically binds PDGFR-α and prevents receptor activation. LARTRUVO exhibits in vitro and in vivo anti-tumor activity against selected sarcoma cell lines and disrupted the PDGFR-α signaling pathway in in vivo tumor implant models. Pembrolizumab (marketed under the brand name KEYTRUDA®) is a humanised monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body's immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. Pembrolizumab blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes, which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Companies Merck MSD Lilly Oncology Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles Fujifilm Diosynth to collaborate with MSD on large-scale microbial biologics facility Zika outbreak gives rise to global fears Latest EU drug approvals span range of health issues Amgen and Immatics enter strategic collaboration to develop novel bispecific cancer immunotherapies Avacta announces CAR-T cell therapy research collaboration with major US cancer centre Elsevier R&D Solutions welcomes four biotech start-ups to The Hive Almac discover an exciting link between its immune response assay and checkpoint inhibitor-based therapy Taiho Ventures invests in Arcus Biosciences as part of $70 million series B investment round Bristol-Myers Squibb buys rare disease biotech Cormorant Pharmaceuticals CGT and CTM CRC sign T-cell research agreement OSE Pharma and Effimune merger to create OSE Immunotherapeutics Related Press Releases Proteros signs second oncology collaboration with MSD on epigenetic target Related Jobs David Khougazian joins Sanofi Pasteur MSD as President Meeta Gulyani to join Merck Serono on 7 May Jean-Paul Kress to become Sanofi Pasteur MSD president About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) FY2021 Earnings Forecast for Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks (MRK) January 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) – Investment analysts at SunTrust Banks issued their FY2021 earnings per share estimates for Merck & Company in a research report issued on Tuesday. SunTrust Banks analyst J. Boris expects that the firm will post earnings of $5.71 per share for the year. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.17 billion. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. Merck & Company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.96 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “FY2021 Earnings Forecast for Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks (MRK)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/12/fy2021-earnings-forecast-for-merck-company-inc-issued-by-suntrust-banks-mrk.html. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. Argus restated a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, September 14th. Vetr cut Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $64.84 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, October 10th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Leerink Swann restated a “market perform” rating and set a $65.00 target price on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation upgraded Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $57.00 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. Merck & Company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $65.50. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) traded up 0.94% on Thursday, reaching $62.21. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 24,827,749 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $171.52 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.77 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company has a 52 week low of $47.97 and a 52 week high of $65.46. The company has a 50 day moving average of $60.71 and a 200 day moving average of $61.12. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were paid a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.02%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is an increase from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. In other news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total transaction of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at $4,667,275.24. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total transaction of $1,181,200.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 9,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “FY2021 Earnings Forecast for Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks (MRK)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/12/fy2021-earnings-forecast-for-merck-company-inc-issued-by-suntrust-banks-mrk.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Boston Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 512.1% in the second quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 374,199 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,558,000 after buying an additional 313,068 shares during the period. KBC Group NV boosted its position in Merck & Company by 32.7% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 1,398,162 shares of the company’s stock valued at $87,259,000 after buying an additional 344,592 shares in the last quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 6.6% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 369,150 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,039,000 after buying an additional 22,736 shares in the last quarter. Seminole Management Co. Inc. purchased a new position in Merck & Company during the second quarter valued at about $19,783,000. Finally, Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. boosted its position in Merck & Company by 14.4% in the second quarter. Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. now owns 5,225 shares of the company’s stock valued at $301,000 after buying an additional 657 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.43% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today Palantir Big data company Palantir quietly raised another $20M in November Palantir says it didn’t racially discriminate against Asian people Why a Palantir IPO might not be far off Browse more... Alex Karp Why a Palantir IPO might not be far off Palantir: The Next Billion-Dollar Company Raises $90 Million Browse more... With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster Posted Jan 12, 2017 by Connie Loizos (@cookie) 0 SHARES Next Story Netflix’s iBoy would face a heavy dose of smartphone upgrade cycle regret Merck, the German multinational chemical and pharmaceutical company, is teaming up with Silicon Valley’s highest-profile data and analysis software company, Palantir, to more quickly develop new drugs and, hopefully, improve patient outcomes. The idea at the start is for the companies to partner on three of Merck’s business sectors: healthcare, life sciences, and performance materials. TechCrunch couldn’t make it to Palantir for an on-site announcement about the deal this morning, but founder and CEO Alex Karp said in a statement that, “When something like cancer is killing 8.2 million people each year we want to do everything we can to apply our technological expertise to the fight alongside partners who have been there since the beginning.” The companies aren’t discussing terms of the deal in any great detail, though Palantir has motivations beyond the purely altruistic, of course. Specifically, it will see some upside if its work leads to a promising drug or combination of drugs that achieve meaningful commercial success, according to both companies. We’re hoping to talk with either Karp or Merck CEO Stefan Oschmann this afternoon for more details, including whether Palantir’s work with Merck will preclude it from working with competing pharmaceutical giants like Bristol-Myers Squibb. (It’s probably safe to assume that it will.) Certainly, it’s a feather in the cap of Palantir. Not only does it demonstrate that the richly valued company isn’t reliant on U.S. government contracts alone, but there’s a lot of money at stake, with the market for lung cancer patients valued at $10 billion a year alone. Featured Image: panda3800/Shutterstock 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Palantir Web Consultancy Founded 1996 Overview Palantir.net is a boutique web consultancy firm that creates engaging online experiences. It is a full-service web design, development, and strategy firm that uses open-source technologies to help enable people to share information in innovative ways. Location Chicago, IL Categories E-Commerce, Web Development, Web Design Founders George DeMet Website http://www.palantir.net/ Full profile for Palantir Web Consultancy Palantir Technologies Founded 2004 Overview Palantir's mission is to solve the most important problems for the world's most important institutions. Palantir was founded in 2004 by a handful of [PayPal](/company/paypal) alumni and Stanford computer scientists. Since then Palantir has doubled in size every year while retaining early-stage values: a startup culture, strong work ethic, and rigorous hiring standards. Palantir works in a variety … Location Palo Alto, CA Categories Computer, Analytics, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.palantir.com Full profile for Palantir Technologies Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Alex Karp Palantir Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 5 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago | Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago | Matt Heiman Comment moderation powered by Up Next Netflix’s iBoy would face a heavy dose of smartphone upgrade cycle regret Posted Jan 12, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago by Mona Bijoor Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago by Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago by Matt Heiman Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Technology can’t replace the human touch 11 hours ago by Ron Miller Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago by Jon Evans SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington Apple’s first AirPods ad reminds me of the iPod ads yesterday by Romain Dillet
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg Germany’s Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative by Lizette Chapman @lizette_chapman More stories by Lizette Chapman January 12, 2017, 2:25 PM EST January 12, 2017, 5:36 PM EST Broad partnership will focus first on cancer drug discoveries Merck is biggest pharma deal for Palantir, latest European win Merck KGaA said it will use Palantir Technologies Inc. software to analyze the reams of pharmaceutical, life sciences and chemical data it collects to help develop and deliver products more rapidly. The deal marks the first step in a long-term partnership giving Palantir a cut of Merck’s resulting profits, the chemical and pharma giant said at Palantir’s headquarters in Palo Alto, California. The companies will initially focus on treatment and services for cancer patients. They plan to eventually roll out the data tools to all divisions of the 349-year-old German company. Merck Chief Executive Officer Stefan Oschmann said Thursday that its profit-sharing arrangement with Palantir wasn’t “typical.” Palantir usually charges service fees. Merck and Palantir declined to provide financial terms. Companies and government agencies use Palantir to pull disparate data sources onto a software platform and mine the information for meaning. Palantir said it will develop tools tailored to Merck researchers, helping them to better target potential patients, speed drug development and improve the efficiency of existing medicine supply chains. For Merck, the deal represents a larger effort to digitize its labs and modernize its tools and drug businesses. Merck aims to use Palantir to meld data collected by its researchers with other bioinformatic information to better target cancer patients who could most benefit from new drugs and then make development and discovery of those drugs more efficient. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Palantir is looking for ways to diversify its business beyond government contracts. The Silicon Valley company -- co-founded and backed by billionaire Peter Thiel, a member of Donald Trump’s presidential transition team -- got its start in government contracting and has long been a technology darling of the departments of Defense, Justice and Homeland Security, among others. In recent years, it’s been working to amass more corporate customers and expand geographically before a possible initial public offering. The deal with Merck is the largest Palantir has secured in the drug and pharma sector, eclipsing arrangements with other companies including GlaxoSmithKline Plc. Palantir CEO Alex Karp said his company will have software developers on the ground in Germany to work with Merck, and he anticipates the partnership could last about a decade. “There’s no finality to it,” he said. As the chiefs of both companies sat together in front of a small gathering of reporters Thursday, Oschmann recalled how he was introduced to Karp through a mutual friend. Oschmann joked that the friend described Palantir as “arrogant” but technically adept, so the two CEOs met about a year ago at an airport and quickly developed a rapport. The collaboration is part of a push for Palantir in Europe, its fastest-growing region outside the U.S. Karp said the company increased cash collections by nearly 50 percent last year from $420 million in 2015. He said Palantir expects to be profitable by next year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck -- and 3 Things You Need to Know Why Morgan Stanley and Guggenheim both love this stock. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Jan 12, 2017 at 12:43PM Thursday is dawning bright for shareholders of Merck (NYSE:MRK), as the stock gains 2% in response to two separate upgrades on Wall Street. This morning, StreetInsider.com reported that first Morgan Stanley ("outperform"), then Guggenheim ("buy") have issued new upgrades on Merck stock. Merck currently costs about $63 per share, but in the opinion of Morgan Stanley, progress on the drug company's new Keytruda cancer treatment has the potential to lift Merck stock to $71. Guggenheim is only slightly less optimistic, predicting that Merck will hit $70 within a year. Here are three things you need to know about why. Merck is taking aim at lung cancer. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Where to start? Let's begin at the beginning, with Morgan Stanley's bold prediction that Merck stock -- up 17% last year already, will tack on a further 13% gain in 2017. According to Morgan, having already received first approval for "monotherapy" with Keytruda, Merck is set "to extend its lead in first-line lung cancer." The market for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC, estimated at 85% to 90% of all lung cancer) drugs is estimated to grow from a recent value of $5.1 billion to as much as $7.9 billion by 2020. Morgan believes that as early as May, Merck will receive FDA approval to begin treating NSCLC with a combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy. Calling early results with Keytruda "highly compelling," Morgan believes that approval will be granted "conditional on Phase 3 1L lung success," giving Merck "at least several months' head start vs. competitors in first-line covering almost all patients." 2. Define "almost all" That last phrase could be important, because as Guggenheim also argues, Merck now has the "potential" to "capture the entire non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer market, regardless of PD-L1 expression," as early as Q2 of this year. 3. Dollars and cents What does this opportunity mean for Merck stock? According to Guggenheim, "if we assume approval of Keytruda plus chemotherapy in front line NSCLC occurs, our global numbers for Keytruda in 2017 and 2018 move from $3.1B to $3.69B and from $4.84B to $5.29B." And while $5.29 billion sounds like a lot of money, if Merck can capture and keep control of this market, those sales could conceivably rise as high as $7.9 billion by 2020. That would be more than twice the Keytruda sales Guggenheim was previously projecting for Merck this year -- 155% growth in just four years. The most important thing: Context Of course, even if all of this is true, it's important to put Keytruda into context within Merck's overall business. Currently, Merck is pulling down annual sales in the range of $39.9 billion. At Guggenheim's new estimate, Keytruda could comprise more than 9% of those sales in 2017. And if Merck still controls the whole market in 2020, that could add a further $4.2 billion in sales for the company four years from now, contributing about 2.5% annually to the company's overall growth rate. (And to put that in context, analysts polled by S&P Global Market Intelligence believe Merck's overall growth rate over the next five years will be 8.8% -- so 28% of the company's growth will come from just this one product.) Obviously, Keytruda is big news for Merck. But is it big enough news to make the stock a buy? Here's where I become less certain -- and I'll tell you why. At its present valuation of $63 a share, Merck stock carries a valuation of 34.6 times earnings. Guggenheim estimates that 2017 earnings will explode much higher, however, to as much as $3.91 per share. Even if it's right, though, this boost in earnings will only suffice to drop the P/E down to 16 -- which still seems expensive assuming a sub-9% growth rate. What's more, even with Keytruda, Guggenheim estimates that 2018 earnings will grow only from $3.91 to $4.15 per share, which works out to just 6% growth. After crunching the numbers, I'm forced to conclude: Keytruda may be a great product with great prospects -- but it's still not big enough news to justify buying this overpriced stock. Fool contributor Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on Motley Fool CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he currently ranks No. 358 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Jan 12, 2017 at 12:43PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $62.34 up $0.13 (0.21%) Read More Legal Dispute Puts Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Payday on Hold After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now Get Paid While You Wait: 3 Top Big Pharma Dividend Stocks A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck -- and 3 Things You Need to Know #stocks $MRK
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ This stock will ride autonomous driving boom this year, Jefferies says Breakingviews: CNN sale in AT&T-Time Warner deal? Morgan Stanley names GrubHub its top pick in mid-cap internet space IBM to plunge more than 30% this year on weak earnings, Credit Suisse says Facebook to rally more than 20% on strong ad demand, Raymond James says Traders think these seven stocks will beat earnings expectations next week Goldman downgrades Apple supplier Skyworks on competitive threat from Broadcom Enthusiasm around Trump's fiscal spending may be overdone, Credit Suisse says Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says Sell Boeing on lower plane profitability, Trump trade policy risk, RBC says 10 most important morning stories Cracks in Trump’s infrastructure Bank stocks are still undervalued even after Trump rally, Strategas says Buy Conagra Brands on improving profits, Trump's tax cuts, Citi says Wells Fargo recommends Salesforce, software stocks for 2017 Deutsche Bank downgrades AT&T on increasing competition JPMorgan makes Netflix a top pick for 2017 on 'increased global profitability' 10 most important morning stories JPMorgan makes Facebook a 'top large-cap pick' Underperforming American Express to rally 29%, Oppenheimer says Here's how to invest in the coming self-driving boom, JPMorgan says Trader Jon Najarian buys these stocks on Trump's aim to boost US auto production Trump's protectionist policies may accelerate automation of US jobs: Strategist Apple is a top pick for 2017, Morgan Stanley says Wells Fargo upgrades bank stocks, names Bank of America its top pick Sell Procter & Gamble on valuation, poor sales, Goldman Sachs says Sell Coca-Cola on weak soda sales, Goldman Sachs says 10 most important morning stories Amazon may hold the Trump card The biggest bull on Wall Street last year just became the most bearish one Shake Shack downgraded on valuation and management turnover: Analyst Goldman Sachs' earnings to boom over the next two years under Trump, UBS predicts UBS downgrades McDonald's on slowing sales, valuation Hershey shares to rally on lower cocoa prices, other cost savings, analyst says Disney to rally 21% this year on over-the-top deals: RBC 10 most important morning stories Traders betting these four stocks will beat earnings expectations next week These ETFs could pop if the Trump rally continues to lose steam Here are 7 'black swan' events that could upend oil, commodity prices this year Evercore lowers its earnings outlook for Twitter Shares of disk-drive maker Western Digital to rally 27 percent in 2017, analyst says Citi downgrades Mylan, says EpiPen price scrutiny to continue RBC makes MasterCard a top pick on internet of things transactions Betting on biotech during JPMorgan's big health-care conference pays off These stocks hated by hedge funds could be ripe for a 'short squeeze' rally Breakingviews: Goldman wins again with Trump's SEC pick Bank of America upgrades cigarette maker Altria to buy on Trump Last year's losers tripling the return of the market so far in 2017 Cowen downgrades JetBlue, American and United on rich valuations Apple to rally more than 20% this year on the next iPhone, Guggenheim says Jefferies turns bearish on casual dining stocks, downgrades Dunkin' Brands Buy Panera Bread on expansion of delivery service, Oppenheimer says 10 most important morning stories Bank of America's top investment ideas for the first quarter of 2017 JPMorgan Chase is the best bank stock to own in 2017, Barclays says JPMorgan upgrades telecom stock CenturyLink on its 9 percent dividend yield Buy Verizon on new growth opportunities, Trump's policies, Citi says Credit Suisse upgrades Xerox to outperform, predicts 39 percent rally ahead Buy Disney on Trump agenda, Evercore ISI says 10 most important morning stories Pharma's middlemen will feel the squeeze in 2017 Disney buying Netflix could be practical magic Street picks: 10 technology stocks ready to pop Baird's 'best pick for 2017' is Tesla 10 most important morning stories Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best industrial analysts of 2016 Trump’s job spin pales beside Obama’s recovery Buy consumer and technology stocks for 2017, Jefferies says Despite investor enthusiasm for Trump, Wall Street's outlook remains muted 10 stocks ready to drop Here are 3 top health-care stock ideas for 2017 from Morgan Stanley 10 most important morning stories Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best services analysts of 2016 Dow 20,000 is the market’s version of fake news Street picks: 10 industrial stocks ready to pop Tech investor Paul Meeks shares his investment strategy and top picks for 2017 Here are 4 top internet stock ideas for 2017 from Evercore ISI 10 most important morning stories Buy industrials and materials stocks on Trump, Oppenheimer says Wal-Mart’s tortoise-like digital pace may pay off Street picks: 10 energy stocks ready to pop Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best financial analysts of 2016 Trader Lebenthal sells Time Warner Top 10 most-crowded stocks investors may want to avoid 10 most important morning stories Sell GNC, Piper Jaffray says Trade like it's 1999? Strategist sees return to volatile environment Citi raises its 2017 S&P 500 forecast, citing the 'Trump jump and pump' GameStop to rally 40% on valuation, slower shift to digital game sales: Analyst 7 dividend stock picks from Strategas Top trader Lebenthal, up 33% in 2016, sells Lockheed shares Bet on Nike comeback in 2017 due to new sneakers, e-commerce growth, analyst says Yelp a top tech pick for 2017 on 'request-a-quote' feature, analyst says Buy these 4 financial stocks, FBR says JetBlue downgraded on rising costs associated with expansion into new markets Latest M&A deals to disappoint Here are 10 stock picks for next year from the best health-care analysts of 2016 2017 is active managers' 'last chance' to stop the ETF takeover, analyst says Sell Twitter as rampant executive turnover is a red flag, analyst says Louis Navellier, up 15 percent in 2016, buys maker of laser transmitters › Pro Analysis Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says Tae Kim | @firstadopter Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 10:25 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES John Tlumacki | The Boston Globe | Getty Images A scientist works in a Merck research lab. Investors should buy Merck shares because profits from its cancer treatments will top expectations in the coming years, according to Morgan Stanley, which upgraded the pharmaceutical company to overweight from equal weight. "We expect Merck to return to accelerating earnings growth in 2018 after six years of flat earnings driven by Keytruda growth as Merck builds on its leadership position in immuno-oncology," analyst David Risinger wrote in a note to clients Thursday. "Our long term estimates are well above consensus." Keytruda leverages the body's immune system to fight cancer cells. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MRK --- Pro Analysis This stock will ride autonomous driving boom to 20 percent-plus gains this year, Jefferies says Breakingviews: CNN sale could be pivotal in AT&T-Time Warner deal Morgan Stanley names GrubHub its top pick in mid-cap internet space, predicts 18% rally IBM to plunge more than 30% this year on weak earnings, Credit Suisse says Facebook to rally more than 20% this year on strong ad demand, low valuation, Raymond James says To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 12, 2017 10:11am   Comments Share: Related MRK 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 12, 2017 Sanofi: Key Threats In 2017 And Beyond (Seeking Alpha) After the close on Wednesday, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) announced that the FDA had accepted its filing for Keytruda based on the KEYNOTE 021G data presented by the company at ESMO comparing the drug candidate plus chemo to chemo alone in 1L lung cancer. Piper Jaffray’s Richard J. Purkiss upgraded the rating on the company from Neutral to Overweight, while raising the price target from $63 to $72. Keytruda Approval Expected “As the study had randomized only 123 patients, few expected FDA to accept a filing. However, we now expect FDA will conditionally approve the use of Keytruda + chemo in patients with lung tumors <50 percent PD-L1 by May 10th 2017,” the analyst mentioned. This means that the adoption of Keytruda in 1L lung cancer would be brought meaningfully forward, to the “initial detriment of other I/O contenders”. However, Purkiss noted that visibility into 1L lung cancer continued to be low beyond 2017, given that Phase 3 I/O studies were still expected to provide data in 2017/18. Market Share The analyst believes the approval of Keytruda in 1L lung cancer for patients with tumors that express less than 50 percent PD-L1 opens up a new opportunity for Merck of a little less than 100,000 patients in the United States. Assuming I/O penetration of about 65 percent, Purkiss expects Merck to take 90 percent share of the market in 2017, falling to 45 percent in 2018 and 35 percent in 2019. This suggests sales of $6.4 billion in 2017, $8.5 billion in 2018 and $7.7 billion in 2019. However, the analyst expects “meaningful share erosion for Keytruda beyond 2017 as competitor I/O combo data reads out.” Latest Ratings for MRK Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Guggenheim Upgrades Neutral Buy Jan 2017 Morgan Stanley Upgrades Equal-Weight Overweight Dec 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Hold Underperform View More Analyst Ratings for MRK View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech Long Ideas News Upgrades Health Care Price Target FDA Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (MRK) 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 12, 2017 Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Lower, Trump Conference Shakes Sectors All The Markets Trump Moved During His Speech Today Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on MRK Trending Recent 1 DCIX, DSX: Shippers On A Run Again Amid No News 2 FGEN, SGYP: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Electi... 4 APC, OPHC: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday 5 FSLR: First Solar Gives Longs A Ray Of Hope 6 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations For... 7 PODD, MDT: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes O... 1 MDT, PODD: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Monitoring With... 2 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show They're Will... 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Tra... 4 AMZN, KKR: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 5 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last 4 Gaming Consoles... 6 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations Fo... 7 SNAK, JPM: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: D... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 4 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Automatically Renew Your Benefits Each Year Clinton Supporter George Soros Lost $1 Billion During The 'Trump Rally'
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wednesday’s Top Biopharma Movers By Chris Lange January 11, 2017 3:22 pm EST Print Email Tweet Biotech and pharma companies were on the move Wednesday. A few of the smaller caps made tremendous gains on the day, while a couple of the major firms saw massive volume and a slight move. Although some of the companies may not be the largest in the sector, they were some of the most heavily traded on Wednesday. These companies 24/7 Wall St. has picked stood out from the rest on Wednesday morning. We have included information about each company, as well as recent trading activity and the consensus price target. Derma Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: DSCI) reported that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: IART) to be acquired. According to the deal, Integra is paying $7 per share of common stock in cash for a total value of roughly $204 million. Apart from the common stock, Integra is paying $32.00 per share for its outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and $48.00 per share for its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, reflecting the stated value of such preferred stock in each case. The transaction has been approved by the boards of directors of both companies and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017. Shares of Derma were last trading up 39% at $6.95, with a consensus analyst price target of $8.50 and a 52-week trading range of $2.85 to $7.00. Shares of Integra were recently trading down about 3.6% at $43.28. The stock has a consensus analyst price target of $46.67 and a 52-week trading range of $42.64 to $88.86. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) reported that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Keytruda (pembrolizumab), for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This is the first application for regulatory approval of Keytruda in combination with another treatment. The FDA granted a Priority Review, Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), target action date of May 10, 2017. The sBLA will be reviewed under the FDA’s Accelerated Approval program. Keep in mind that there are many other FDA decisions coming up within the next two months. Shares of Merck were last trading up 2% at $61.22, with a consensus analyst price target of $67.28 and a 52-week trading range of $47.97 to $65.46. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) saw its shares recoil on Wednesday after President-Elect Donald Trump made comments on the health care sector. Trump said that these drugmakers are “getting away with murder.” He criticized the industry for heavy lobbying and took a somewhat democratic stance on the issue as opposed to a conservative one. Although this might just be a near-term set back, investors can still make the most out of Pfizer because it is one of the Dogs of the Dow. 24/7 Wall St. has also examined the Bull and Bear case for Pfizer and Merck, as well as the other Dow healthcare stocks. Shares of Pfizer were last trading down 2% at $32.75, with a consensus analyst price target of $37.65 and a 52-week trading range of $28.25 to $37.39. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. (NYSE: VRX) saw its shares make a handy gain on Tuesday after the company announced about $2.1 billion in non-core asset sales in an effort to pay down its debt. However Wednesday was a different story. The company has given back practically all of Tuesday’s gains. It seems that many investors and analysts believe that despite this sale, Valeant will still have a rocky road ahead. On Tuesday the company reported that it would be selling all of its outstanding equity interests in Dendreon Pharmaceuticals to Sanpower Group, one of the largest privately owned conglomerates in China. The price tag for this deal came to a total of $819.9 million. Separately, the company announced that it entered into an agreement to sell its CeraVe, AcneFree and AMBI skincare brands to L’Oreal for $1.3 billion in cash. It’s worth noting that CeraVe, AcneFree and AMBI product lines have annualized revenues of roughly $168 million. Valeant will use the $2.1 billion in proceeds to repay about $5 billion of its senior debt over the coming year. The transactions are expected to close in the first half of 2017, and are still subject to regulatory and customary closing conditions. Shares of Valeant were trading down more than 5% at $15.55, with a consensus analyst price target of $23.97 and a 52-week trading range of $13.00 to $101.40. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Nearly 2 Million High-Tech Employees Are Underpaid Merck, IBM Pace DJIA to Wednesday Gain » Read more: Healthcare Business, Active Trader, biotech, healthcare, Mergers and Acquisitions, pharmaceuticals, Integra LifeSciences (NASDAQ:IART), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intern... (NYSE:VRX) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc. to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (PGNX) Wolseley plc (WOS) Receives GBX 4,450.95 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Acuity Brands Inc (AYI) PT at $265.25 InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Short Interest Up 10.4% in December AppDynamics Prices IPO at $10.00-$12.00 Per Share (APPD) Magna International Inc. Forecasted to Earn FY2016 Earnings of $6.97 Per Share (MG) FY2016 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Reduced by Analyst (SWN) SEIKO EPSON CORP ADR EACH REP 0.5 (SEKEY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts London and ST. Lawrence Investment Co. (LSLI) Declares Dividend of GBX 3.60 Lipocine Inc. (LPCN) Given $18.80 Average Target Price by Analysts Nobilis Health Corp (HLTH) Short Interest Update Pandora Media, Inc. (P) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Analyst Upgrade Investors Sell Monsanto Company (MON) on Strength Following Insider Selling T2 Biosystems, Inc. (TTOO) to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($2.01) Per Share, Cantor Fitzgerald Forecasts Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.70 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Acuity Brands Inc (ayi) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 on February 1st McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Shares Bought by Tradition Capital Management LLC Regions Financial Corporation (RF) Position Held by King Luther Capital Management Corp Laurion Capital Management LP Invests $296,000 in D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Held by Compagnie Lombard Odier SCmA Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Position Boosted by Adirondack Trust Co. January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Adirondack Trust Co. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 2.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 10,951 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 240 shares during the period. Adirondack Trust Co.’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $684,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 174,819,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,071,362,000 after buying an additional 3,242,254 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 0.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 74,363,785 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,284,098,000 after buying an additional 535,407 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 4.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 44,732,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,577,045,000 after buying an additional 1,701,520 shares during the last quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 6.2% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 26,224,184 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,510,776,000 after buying an additional 1,531,565 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of Merck & Company by 24.1% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 22,992,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,324,996,000 after buying an additional 4,468,488 shares during the last quarter. 72.43% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded up 2.85% on Wednesday, hitting $61.63. 32,711,722 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average of $60.71 and a 200 day moving average of $61.12. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 52-week low of $47.97 and a 52-week high of $65.46. The company has a market cap of $169.92 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.48 and a beta of 0.77. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.07 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.99 by $0.08. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.25% and a net margin of 13.76%. The firm had revenue of $10.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.17 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.96 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.05%. Merck & Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 95.92%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Position Boosted by Adirondack Trust Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/merck-company-inc-mrk-position-boosted-by-adirondack-trust-co.html. MRK has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Friday, October 14th. Morgan Stanley set a $60.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Company and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, September 13th. Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Company from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $52.27 price target on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Leerink Swann reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $65.00 price target on shares of Merck & Company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $64.59. In related news, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total value of $5,133,090.46. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at $4,667,275.24. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Rochelle B. Lazarus sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.06, for a total transaction of $1,181,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 9,594 shares in the company, valued at $566,621.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › Clinical Trials › Incyte and... Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts Incyte and Merck to Advance Clinical Development Program Investigating the Combination of Epacadostat with Keytruda (pembrolizumab) Tweet WILMINGTON, D.E. & KENILWORTH, N.J. January 9, 2017 – Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) and Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced the decision to advance the clinical development program investigating the combination of epacadostat, Incyte’s investigational oral selective IDO1 inhibitor, with Keytruda (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. With the expansion of the clinical development program, the companies plan to initiate pivotal studies of epacadostat in combination with Keytruda in four additional tumors: non-small cell lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, bladder cancer and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. Presentations of data from the ongoing studies of epacadostat in combination with Keytruda, which support this decision, are expected at upcoming medical meetings. “We are very pleased to announce the decision with Merck to initiate additional Phase 3 studies that will further evaluate the clinical utility of epacadostat in combination with Keytruda,” said Steven Stein, M.D., Incyte’s Chief Medical Officer. “Data from across the ECHO development program for epacadostat continues to be accrued, including from the ECHO-202 Phase 2 cohorts in combination with Keytruda which support the decision to move forward into pivotal studies beyond melanoma. We look forward to initiation of these new Phase 3 trials as we seek to help improve clinical outcomes for patients with these cancers.” “The expansion of our clinical trial program with Incyte is an important component of our comprehensive approach to investigating the potential for KEYTRUDA in combination with promising compounds, such as epacadostat, to help make a difference in the lives of people with these cancers,” said Dr. Roy Baynes, senior vice president, head of clinical development, and Chief Medical Officer, Merck Research Laboratories. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study investigating pembrolizumab in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. ECHO-301 was initiated in June 2016 and initial data from this study are expected to be available in 2018. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is a first-in-class, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that reverses tumor-associated immune suppression and restores effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor pembrolizumab improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Merck’s Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 400 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. About Merck For more than 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Incyte Corporation Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding: whether and when the planned pivotal trials investigating epacadostat with KEYTRUDA in any of non-small cell lung, renal, bladder or head and neck cancers will commence; whether any of these studies will lead to any products that will be approved for use in humans anywhere; whether these planned collaborations will help improve clinical outcomes for patients; whether and when any data from the ECHO program will be available. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments in and risks related to: the efficacy or safety of the Incyte’s development pipeline; the results of further research and development; the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; the possibility that results of clinical trials may be unsuccessful or insufficient to meet applicable regulatory standards or warrant continued development; our ability to compete against parties with greater financial or other resources; greater than expected expenses; and such other risks detailed from time to time in Incyte’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Source: Merck Posted: January 2017 View comments More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Recently Approved Arymo ER Arymo ER (morphine sulfate) is an extended-release, abuse-deterrent, opioid analgesic formulation... Spinraza Spinraza (nusinersen) is a survival motor neuron-2 (SMN2)-directed antisense oligonucleotide... Rubraca Rubraca (rucaparib) is a poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) inhibitor indicated for the treatment... Eucrisa Eucrisa (crisaborole) is a novel, non-steroidal topical anti-inflammatory phosphodiesterase-4... More... Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Was this page helpful? Yes No Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Connect Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Jan 4th, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated Jan 10th, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Jan 6th, 2017) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Like Tweet +1 Email Hide
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Trump's 'Disastrous' Pharma View Doesn't Rattle JPMorgan Drug Conference Even weighed down by the drug-pricing issue, the industry, says a CEO, is more optimistic than it was a year ago. (rolffimages - Fotolia/stock.adobe.com) ALLISON GATLIN 1/13/2017 Reprints SAN FRANCISCO — Less than an hour after President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday referred to the drug industry as "disastrous," Alder Biopharmaceuticals (ALDR) CEO Randall Schatzman classified the tone at the 35th annual JPMorgan Healthcare Conference as "cautiously optimistic." That's a wide departure from the 2016 event. At that time, he said, sentiment was decidedly pessimistic as the U.S. entered what turned out to be a raucous election year. The drug-pricing debate is alive, but biotech sentiment is growing stronger this year, Schatzman told IBD in an interview at the conference, one of the drug industry's major events, held this week in San Francisco. "Talking about the biotech industry as a whole, I think it's finally come to maturity," he said. "Over the last two years, almost 70 drugs have been approved that have come from innovation in biotechnology, not large pharma. So the dollars there are really paying us back, and we're seeing some real game-changers." Among those, Schatzman included Alder's anti-CGRP migraine drug, which competes directly with similar meds from Eli Lilly (LLY), Teva Pharmaceutical (TEVA) and Amgen (AMGN). The migraine market is big enough that all four could grab a sizable share when their drugs hit shelves, likely in 2019. But he acknowledges Trump's comments didn't help stock prices. Holding his phone, Schatzman pulled up a screen of biotech stocks, red arrows indicating their descent. To that point, the iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology Index (IBB) (an exchange-traded fund) fell 3% Wednesday. It rose a fraction both Thursday and Friday. IBD'S TAKE: Trump's commentary sent drug stocks into a tailspin on Wednesday. Get the deep dive on what it means for your drug and biotech picks on IBD's Industry Themes. So any rally Wall Street expected from the JPMorgan event didn't unfold. But here are five key takeaways investors could note for 2017 as Trump takes office, drug firms look to sidestep Lilly's Alzheimer's flop and M&A gets an early start. Drug-Pricing Debate Gets New Infusion Trump isn't alone in his fixation on drug prices. Celgene (CELG) CEO Mark Alles parried back when a reporter questioned whether the No. 3 biotech would follow in Allergan's (AGN) footsteps, applying a so-called "social contract" to not raise prices more than 10% annually. Celgene has offered free access programs for years, Alles said, estimating the No. 3 biotech gives away 6% of its drugs each year for free. Drug-prices increases help fund R&D for new drugs, he added. CFO Peter Kellogg estimates Celgene reinvests 35% of its funds into R&D, when accounting for partnerships. Alles says Celgene goes through a "thoughtful process," accounting for innovation and spending to bring a drug to market before it prices a new med. Schatzman used the same words to describe Alder's plan to price out its anti-CGRP drug, once it nears FDA approval and heads to market. But HealthPrize Technologies CEO Tom Kottler called pricing spikes the easy way out for drug companies. HealthPrize is a software-as-a-service firm that marries behavioral economics and consumer marketing to analyze and improve patient adherence to prescriptions. Pharma leaves about $637 billion in worldwide revenue on the table each year by not pushing patients to take their meds, Kottler told IBD. To bridge the gap, companies can bring new products to market, prompt doctors to write more prescriptions or raise prices. Typically, they choose the latter. They're missing out on easy money, Kottler says. But raising prices "is the easiest thing for them," he said. Bristol-Myers Sneaking Up On Merck Drugmaker Merck (MRK) announced its immuno-oncology (IO) drug Keytruda in combination with chemo — Eli Lilly's Alimta — had won priority review from the FDA in non-small cell lung cancer and has a Prescription Drug Free User Act (PDUFA) date of May 10. Meanwhile, Merck and Incyte (INCY) are moving Keytruda and epacadostat into phase 3 trials of four tumor types (non-small cell lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, bladder cancer and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck). Incyte stock jumped 9.4% Jan. 9 on the news. But Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) is on Merck's tail, analysts say. Bristol-Myers is testing a combination of Opdivo and Yervoy, both IO therapies, in NSCLC. Analysts expect the Bristol-Myers readout in the first half of 2018. IO combos are likely to be more effective and durable than IO plus chemo, some say. Takeda Takeout Could Spur Oncology M&A On Monday, Japan's Takeda Pharmaceutical put down a $24 per share bid on Ariad Pharmaceuticals (ARIAD), an oncology firm based in Massachusetts. Ariad stock flew 73% on the news, helping shares of oncology firm Tesaro (TSRO) lift 3.7%. Tesaro stock and four IPOs led IBD's 420-company Medical-Biomed/Biotech industry group in 2016, with each of those stocks seeing triple-digit gains. Tesaro jumped 157%, where the group overall fell 24% amid the painful election cycle. Now, analysts wonder if Tesaro's success and an oncology-minded atmosphere — reiterated by Takeda's offer on Ariad — could garner a bid for Tesaro. Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez sees a potential takeout price of $170 per share of Tesaro stock, which closed Friday at 156.41 after rising 6.4%. "While Tesaro remains well positioned to grow independently, a validated PARP inhibitor like niraparib (an ovarian cancer drug still in development) could offer a durable and strategically important product opportunity for multiple suitors," Fernandez wrote in a research report Jan. 9. Amgen, Regeneron LDL-Busters Face-Off In Court Regeneron (REGN) and Sanofi (SNY) are asking a federal judge to stay a ban on their LDL-busting drug, Praluent, in the aftermath of a patent battle that landed in a win for No. 1 biotech Amgen. Praluent infringes on Amgen's patent for PCSK9 inhibitor Repatha, the judge said. Meanwhile, an LDL-buster from Alnylam Pharmaceuticals (ALNY) and The Medicines Co. (MDCO) is slowly advancing. On Jan. 9, The Medicines Co. announced a 180-day interim analysis from a study examining PCSK9si inclisiran. The data showed inclisiran significantly lowered LDL up to day 210. RBC analyst Adnan Butt expects six-month data to be similar on efficacy and safety. Details are expected during the 2017 American College of Cardiology conference in March in Washington, D.C. Inclisiran should do well on strong data despite the patent litigation for Amgen and Regeneron/Sanofi. "Inclisiran is differentiated and has no patent litigation overhang," Butt said in a research report Wednesday. Alzheimer's Readout Could 'Lift All Boats' Axovant (AXON) CEO Vivek Ramaswamy says the biotech and drug industry has "utterly failed" in Alzheimer's. Oncology, inflammation, cardiology — they've all seen significant advancements in the last 10 years. Neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's and dementia, including those with lewy bodies, haven't, he says. "If we don't find a treatment, it's a major threat to society," he told IBD in an interview Wednesday. "This is the single area in health care we have failed to deliver a major advancement in, in the last decade." Ramaswamy says he was rooting for Eli Lilly in December. But Lilly's highly-lauded solanezumab failed to meet its primary endpoints in a late-stage trial, causing Lilly stock to plunge 10.5% the day of that announcement. Lilly's drug and a drug in development by Biogen (BIIB) work to remove plaque buildups in the brain associated with Alzheimer's. But that's a "silver bullet" theory, and Ramaswamy doesn't buy it. Instead, he sees it necessary to treat the various behavioral, psychological and neurological pieces of Alzheimer's and dementia. Axovant is aiming to build new therapies on top of older ones. Axovant is next is the Alzheimer's field to deliver a readout. Data are slated for Q3, he said. Ramaswamy is looking for just one major piece of news in Alzheimer's advancement. Says Ramaswamy, "A rising tide will lift all boats." ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Regeneron and partner Sanofi might well have to pull a branded product from store shelves, which an analyst says would be a first. (Regeneron) Odds Are Against Regeneron, Sanofi In Amgen Patent Battle: Leerink 1/13/2017 Amgen will likely triumph in a patent battle with Regeneron and Sanofi, Leerink says. 1/13/2017 Amgen will likely triumph in a patent battle with Regeneron... Eli Lilly Rebounds On Chemo-Drug Patent Win Vs. Generic Teva ETF Investors Turn Defensive, Bid Up Bonds, Gold After Trump's Talk Biotech ETF Snaps Its Win Streak In 2017 As Trump Slams Drug Pricing Drug Stocks Tank As Trump Vows To Attack High Drug Prices Stocks Wipe Away Losses, Close Higher; Drug Stocks Feel Trump Thump Trump Says Drugmakers 'Getting Away With Murder', Cites F-35, Ford, Fiat Stock Open Flat; What Will Trump Press Conference Unveil? Stocks Still Mixed, Medicals Lead Upside; Is Incyte The Next Amgen? Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 43-55 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World South Korea former opposition leader holds lead in presidential favorites poll 1484527101 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484527548 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484527548 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484524786 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484524916 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 Business Luxottica and Essilor to merge in $53 billion deal: FT 1484524335 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484516160 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520693 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World Jordan's king reshuffles cabinet amid growing security, economic challenges 1484508864 Singapore AHTC resolves five more areas of non-compliance 1484510460 Singapore MINDS students take part in One Community Day for first time 1484510460 Business Allianz keen on takeovers, may study big U.S. move 1484511423 World Indonesia, Japan set to discuss Jakarta-Surabaya railway project 1484510511 Business Investors in big pharma, biotech look to ride out Trump storm mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, January 13, 2017 NEW YORK - Investors in large U.S. pharmaceutical and biotech companies are counting on strong dividends, reasonable stock valuations and new products to help ride out a storm of political uncertainty as the incoming Trump administration dives into healthcare policy. The sector took a pounding on Wednesday after U.S. president-elect Donald Trump said the drug industry was "getting away with murder" on medicine costs, suggesting that the specter of government actions on pricing is not going away any time soon. The industry faced critical scrutiny during much of the presidential election campaign last year. But despite the potential for political volatility ahead, some investors are finding reasons to hang onto shares of drugmakers. "We do think they are generating a lot of cash, throwing out a very nice dividend and the valuations are more reasonable than many areas of the market," said David Katz, chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, which owns stock in Merck <MRK.N>, Pfizer <PFE.N>, AbbVie <ABBV.N> and Gilead <GILD.O>. "We definitely are worried and aware" of pricing concerns, Katz said. "But we think when all is said and done they are going to muddle through it - and the stocks are too cheap." While the S&P 500 companies are overall trading at prices well above their traditional valuations, a group of pharmaceutical stocks in the index <.SPLRCCARD> recently has traded at 14.8 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, below their 16.4 average over the past three years, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. Shares of Gilead, which also faces questions about its hepatitis C franchise sales, are trading at around 7 times forward earnings, while fellow biotech giant Amgen <AMGN.O> is trading at 12.5 times. Merck, whose shares have climbed in the past two days after positive developments for its cancer treatment Keytruda, holds a higher P/E ratio of 16.3 times. But even that is lower than the 17 times for the S&P 500 as a whole. Large drugmakers and a few biotech companies also offer solid dividend payouts. The group of S&P 500 drugmakers are yielding 2.85 percent, which is above the S&P 500's yield of 2.4 percent and slightly ahead of the 2.83 percent for the S&P 500 consumer staples index <.SPLRCS>, which includes companies known for their high dividends. Drugmakers "have long track records of paying those dividends and regularly increasing them," said George Strietmann, portfolio manager with Cincinnati investment advisory firm Bahl & Gaynor. "The market looks at that as a very strong part of the foundation of owning the stocks." Bahl & Gaynor owns shares of AbbVie, which has a dividend yield of 4.2 percent, and Merck, which is yielding 3.1 percent. Smaller biotech and pharma companies do not offer such dividends, leaving them with potentially less cushion than their larger peers should drug-pricing pressures increase. Regardless, Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, said he is "very optimistic" about pharma and biotech, noting that "many of them are extremely beaten down." "We think it’s a great sector to be in," Jankovskis said, "and whether we get the benefit of it in the next few months or over the next couple of years, either way we think we’re going to come out ahead." Some investors remain concerned about the sector. Investors should be wary about companies that derive a lot of revenue from big government health programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "We think that investors should really pay attention to where the money comes from in these companies, who the buyer is," Forrest said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' South Korea former opposition leader holds lead in presidential favorites poll Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Luxottica and Essilor to merge in $53 billion deal: FT Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Investors in big pharma, biotech look to ride out Trump storm A logo of drugs and chemicals group Merck KGaA is pictured in Darmstadt, Germany on Jan 28, 2016. PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedJan 13, 2017, 4:56 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wpu Copy NEW YORK (REUTERS) - Investors in large US pharmaceutical and biotech companies are counting on strong dividends, reasonable stock valuations and new products to help ride out a storm of political uncertainty as the incoming Trump administration dives into healthcare policy. The sector took a pounding on Wednesday (Jan 11) after US president-elect Donald Trump said the drug industry was "getting away with murder" on medicine costs, suggesting that the specter of government actions on pricing is not going away any time soon. The industry faced critical scrutiny during much of the presidential election campaign last year. But despite the potential for political volatility ahead, some investors are finding reasons to hang onto shares of drugmakers. "We do think they are generating a lot of cash, throwing out a very nice dividend and the valuations are more reasonable than many areas of the market," said David Katz, chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, which owns stock in Merck, Pfizer, AbbVie and Gilead . "We definitely are worried and aware" of pricing concerns, Katz said. "But we think when all is said and done they are going to muddle through it - and the stocks are too cheap." While the S&P 500 companies are overall trading at prices well above their traditional valuations, a group of pharmaceutical stocks in the index recently has traded at 14.8 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, below their 16.4 average over the past three years, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. Shares of Gilead, which also faces questions about its hepatitis C franchise sales, are trading at around 7 times forward earnings, while fellow biotech giant Amgen is trading at 12.5 times. Merck, whose shares have climbed in the past two days after positive developments for its cancer treatment Keytruda, holds a higher P/E ratio of 16.3 times. But even that is lower than the 17 times for the S&P 500 as a whole. Large drugmakers and a few biotech companies also offer solid dividend payouts. The group of S&P 500 drugmakers are yielding 2.85 percent, which is above the S&P 500's yield of 2.4 percent and slightly ahead of the 2.83 percent for the S&P 500 consumer staples index, which includes companies known for their high dividends. Drugmakers "have long track records of paying those dividends and regularly increasing them," said George Strietmann, portfolio manager with Cincinnati investment advisory firm Bahl & Gaynor. "The market looks at that as a very strong part of the foundation of owning the stocks." Bahl & Gaynor owns shares of AbbVie, which has a dividend yield of 4.2 percent, and Merck, which is yielding 3.1 percent. Smaller biotech and pharma companies do not offer such dividends, leaving them with potentially less cushion than their larger peers should drug-pricing pressures increase. Regardless, Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, said he is "very optimistic" about pharma and biotech, noting that "many of them are extremely beaten down." "We think it's a great sector to be in," Jankovskis said,"and whether we get the benefit of it in the next few months or over the next couple of years, either way we think we're going to come out ahead." Some investors remain concerned about the sector. Investors should be wary about companies that derive a lot of revenue from big government health programmes such as Medicare and Medicaid, said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "We think that investors should really pay attention to where the money comes from in these companies, who the buyer is," Forrest said. Topics:  PHARMACEUTICALS SECTOR DONALD TRUMP More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wpu Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Personal data protection: An intrinsic priority of DBS bank st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping Lowest price in SG! Only for FIRST 20 customers! Use $6 seller coupon and save on SK-II! Limited time only! Happiness comes in 3's! New Moon for your loved ones this CNY! Sign up now and win these at $1!! Exclusively on Qoo10! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Investors in big pharma, biotech look to ride out Trump storm By Lewis Krauskopf ReutersJanuary 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By Lewis Krauskopf NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors in large U.S. pharmaceutical and biotech companies are counting on strong dividends, reasonable stock valuations and new products to help ride out a storm of political uncertainty as the incoming Trump administration dives into healthcare policy. The sector took a pounding on Wednesday after U.S. president-elect Donald Trump said the drug industry was "getting away with murder" on medicine costs, suggesting that the specter of government actions on pricing is not going away any time soon. The industry faced critical scrutiny during much of the presidential election campaign last year. But despite the potential for political volatility ahead, some investors are finding reasons to hang onto shares of drugmakers. "We do think they are generating a lot of cash, throwing out a very nice dividend and the valuations are more reasonable than many areas of the market," said David Katz, chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors in New York, which owns stock in Merck <MRK.N>, Pfizer <PFE.N>, AbbVie <ABBV.N> and Gilead <GILD.O>. "We definitely are worried and aware" of pricing concerns, Katz said. "But we think when all is said and done they are going to muddle through it - and the stocks are too cheap." While the S&P 500 companies are overall trading at prices well above their traditional valuations, a group of pharmaceutical stocks in the index <.SPLRCCARD> recently has traded at 14.8 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, below their 16.4 average over the past three years, according to Thomson Reuters Datastream. Shares of Gilead, which also faces questions about its hepatitis C franchise sales, are trading at around 7 times forward earnings, while fellow biotech giant Amgen <AMGN.O> is trading at 12.5 times. Merck, whose shares have climbed in the past two days after positive developments for its cancer treatment Keytruda, holds a higher P/E ratio of 16.3 times. But even that is lower than the 17 times for the S&P 500 as a whole. Large drugmakers and a few biotech companies also offer solid dividend payouts. The group of S&P 500 drugmakers are yielding 2.85 percent, which is above the S&P 500's yield of 2.4 percent and slightly ahead of the 2.83 percent for the S&P 500 consumer staples index <.SPLRCS>, which includes companies known for their high dividends. Drugmakers "have long track records of paying those dividends and regularly increasing them," said George Strietmann, portfolio manager with Cincinnati investment advisory firm Bahl & Gaynor. "The market looks at that as a very strong part of the foundation of owning the stocks." Bahl & Gaynor owns shares of AbbVie, which has a dividend yield of 4.2 percent, and Merck, which is yielding 3.1 percent. Smaller biotech and pharma companies do not offer such dividends, leaving them with potentially less cushion than their larger peers should drug-pricing pressures increase. Regardless, Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois, said he is "very optimistic" about pharma and biotech, noting that "many of them are extremely beaten down." "We think it’s a great sector to be in," Jankovskis said, "and whether we get the benefit of it in the next few months or over the next couple of years, either way we think we’re going to come out ahead." Some investors remain concerned about the sector. Investors should be wary about companies that derive a lot of revenue from big government health programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "We think that investors should really pay attention to where the money comes from in these companies, who the buyer is," Forrest said. (Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Rodrigo Campos and Frances Kerry) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 367 messages11%72%17% Make Every Play a Highlight Best BuySponsored Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus Call It Quits After Century and a Half of Entertainment Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam 258 messages4%70%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1541 messages6%57%37% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 646 messages7%68%25% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 198 messages6%73%21% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Major Winter Storm on the Move Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Atlanta hits back after Trump’s attack on Lewis 7122 messages5%61%34% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1463 messages5%69%26% NATO 'obsolete,' says Trump as he suggests Russia nuclear deal Steve: NATO will never be obsolete as long as Rusia is around and has a mindset to invade neighboring countries and ignore international law. That is what Russia did when it invaded Crimea and is supporting separatists in eastern Ukraine. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 222 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why 3 Analysts Upgraded Merck Simultaneously By Jon C. Ogg January 12, 2017 1:20 pm EST Print Email Tweet It may seem hard to believe that a Big Pharma drug stock might be a favorite for the year ahead when the attacks against drug pricing and competition do not seem to be going away. Somehow, Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) has managed to find itself as a top pick for pharmaceutical and biohealth analysts. After all, what does it tell you when there were three analyst upgrades within 24 hours? The markets were facing selling pressure by and large on Thursday, but Merck buyers did not bother caring about that. One driving force is that Merck is valued at about 16 times earnings, so some investors feel there may be a cushion under the stock, even if price-bashing by Trump and other politicians will not go away. What matters here from the investment angle is that a trifecta of analyst upgrades is not normal when it is not after a drug approval or earnings. The prior day’s 5% gain in Merck shares was after the FDA told Merck that it was granting an expedited review and would let the company know by May 10 whether it would approve Merck’s Keytruda combination therapy. Investors should consider that Keytruda has been a potential driver since October of 2016 and that Merck also trades at a premium, even if some pundits now have increased their targets. The three upgrades from analysts on Thursday were seen as follows: Guggenheim raised Merck to Buy from Neutral, and the firm issued a $70 target price. It also called Merck its best new idea. Piper Jaffray raised Merck to Overweight from Equal Weight, raising its price target to $72 from $63. Morgan Stanley raised Merck’s rating to Overweight from Equal Weight as well, and it raised its target price to $71 from $65. One of the common driving forces here is that Merck’s potential IO/chemotherapy combination approval slates for the second quarter comes with a shot that it could effectively win the entire non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) market. 24/7 Wall St. tries to look at analyst calls on both sides of the coin. That means finding reports which are less optimistic or which offer some balance to the other side. On January 11, Jefferies maintained its Underperform rating and its $48 price target. Its view is that Merck’s surprise filing for Keytruda plus chemo does not materially change its long-term outlook, although the firm did say that this could disrupt market share dynamics in the near term (at the risk of Bristol-Myers Squibb). Jefferies even cited the approval as high risk due to several weaknesses in the study and due to its prior failure to gain a Compendia Listing. A report from Leerink on January 10 only had a Market Perform rating on Merck. Still, the view was that Keytruda could be the first IO agent to be used broadly in non-squamous NSCLC regardless of PDL1 status. Leerink even noted that the Keytruda and chemotherapy combination could address approximately 70% of NSCLC patients if approved. 24/7 Wall St. recently addressed Merck’s Bull/Bear Outlook for 2017, calling for an implied 17.5% total return possibility in 2017. That is of course a blend of all the bullish and bearish views rather than an absolute forecast, and we would point out that its return was about 20% in 2016. Merck shares were last seen trading up 1.8% at $62.73 in midday trading. Its 52-week range is $47.97 to $65.46. Merck’s consensus analyst price target from Thomson Reuters is now $68.21, up from the $67.28 target that was used for the upside calculation for the year ahead. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Why McDonald’s Wants to Sell a Big Stake in Its Japan Business Is Williams Companies Really Simplifying Its Business? » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, FDA, pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Eli Lilly Rebounds On Chemo-Drug Patent Win Vs. Generic Teva An appeals court upheld a favorable patent ruling for Eli Lilly. (Jonathan Weiss/Shutterstock.com) ALLISON GATLIN 1/12/2017 Reprints Eli Lilly (LLY) stock bounded Thursday after a federal appellate court upheld the patent on chemotherapy Alimta vs. generic drugmaker Teva Pharmaceutical (TEVA) — the third U.S. court in three years to do so. The U.S. Court of Appeals ruled early Thursday that proposed generics from Teva Parenteral Medicines, a subsidiary of the No. 1 generic drugmaker by the same name, would infringe on Eli Lilly's patent for Alimta. Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez says the decision removes an overhang on Lilly stock. The stock closed 2016 down 13%, though that still outperformed the broader industry. IBD's 44-company Medical-Ethical Drugs industry group plunged 25% last year. Lilly stock rose 2.5% in the stock market today to 77.15, again rising above its 200-day moving average support line. "This is also an important benefit to Lilly's long-term sales guidance of 'at least 5%' through 2020, particularly in the wake of Merck's (MRK) surprise BLA (Biologics License Agreement) for Keytruda in combination with Alimta for non-small cell lung cancer." IBD'S TAKE: Drug stocks tanked Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump commented in his first post-election news conference that he views the drug industry as "disastrous" and vowed to "create new bidding procedures." Grab IBD's Industry Themes for the deep dive. Fernandez models $1 billion in U.S. Alimta sales in 2017. Immuno-oncology combos, like one being tested now by Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY), could competitively pressure Lilly and Merck's IO and chemo combination, he noted. But analysts broadly expect Bristol-Myers' IO/IO combo to hit shelves in 2018, giving Lilly and Merck a several-month advantage. The IO plus chemo combo could also potentially be expanded to a larger range of patients. Meanwhile, Alimta patent litigation is ongoing in Europe, where Lilly hasn't fared as well. In 2015, a U.K. trial ended with a judge ruling that a generic chemotherapy wouldn't infringe on Lilly's Alimta patent in the U.K., France, Spain and Italy. A patent case is still unfolding in Germany. Fernandez estimates that $500 million to $800 million in Alimta sales are at risk in Europe. But he kept his outperform rating on Lilly stock. In midday trading on the stock market today, Lilly stock lifted 2.7%, above 77. RELATED: Lilly Nears FDA Nod On Arthritis Drug, But Chemo Med Stuck In Court Lilly Spikes On 2016 Guidance, Clawing Back From Alzheimer's Flop ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Incyte's cancer drug partnership with Merck earned it a price-target hike. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) Merck Carries Incyte On Keytruda Coattails In 4 'Hot' Tumors: Leerink 1/13/2017 Incyte's oncology program will grow on a Merck partnership tying Keytruda and epacadostat in four "hot" tumors in 2017. 1/13/2017 Incyte's oncology program will grow on a Merck partnership tying... Trump's 'Disastrous' Pharma View Doesn't Rattle JPMorgan Drug Conference Nasdaq Suffers First 2017 Loss, But Stocks Well Off Lows Bristol-Myers Threatens Merck's 'Head Start' In Lung Cancer: Analyst Stocks Pare Losses; Apple, Disney Weigh On Dow; Can Nvidia Halt Slide? Markets Sound The Retreat In Early Trading; Merck 'New Best Idea' Stocks Open Lower; Dollar Slides As Market Awaits Fed Comments Drug Stocks Tank As Trump Vows To Attack High Drug Prices Stocks Wipe Away Losses, Close Higher; Drug Stocks Feel Trump Thump Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Best BioPharma Plays Amid Uncertainty From Trump Comments Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 12, 2017 1:58pm   Comments Share: Related AZN Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade Merck Carries Incyte On Keytruda Coattails In 4 'Hot' Tumors: Leerink (Investor's Business Daily) Related BMY Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers Technical Alert: Bristol Meyers Squibb Lower Following Good News For Merck's Keytruda P.R. Herzig & Co. Inc. Buys Kansas City Southern, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, General ... (GuruFocus) Pharma sector was hit following the comments made by President-elect Donald Trump who alluded to potential tightening of industry regulation. At his first press conference since being elected, Trump said the pharmaceutical industry is “getting away with murder” in terms of product pricing. He asserted that “we need new bidding procedures.” Leerink said lack of specifics on government negotiation of drug prices confirms a speculated overhang and reversed pharma/biotech rally. “Without specifics on the kind of changes his administration or the Republican Congress may be planning, we expect this uncertainty to persist until we at least get some specifics,” analyst Seamus Fernandez wrote in a note. Recommendations Fernandez recommends companies such as Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) and AstraZeneca plc (ADR) (NYSE: AZN), which have greater and more durable pricing power and are focusing on categories like oncology and rare disease. “We continue to believe that innovation, particularly innovation for deadly diseases like cancer, will continue to be rewarded,” Fernandez highlighted. Further, the analyst expects more companies to come clear on average net price increases to shift the debate away from list price increases. At last check, Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X Shares (NYSE: LABD) had fallen as much as 6.6 percent. Bristol-Myers shares were down 0.63 percent to $56.44, while ADRs of AstraZeneca marginally gained 0.28 percent to $28.26. Image Credit: Derived from "Trump (12/8)" by Max Goldberg from USA - Trump (12/8), CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for AZN Date Firm Action From To Dec 2016 Leerink Swann Upgrades Market Perform Outperform Sep 2016 PiperJaffray Initiates Coverage on Overweight Sep 2016 Exane BNP Paribas Downgrades Outperform Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for AZN View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech News Health Care Politics Events Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AZN + BMY) Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers Technical Alert: Bristol Meyers Squibb Lower Following Good News For Merck's Keytruda Alphabet, Bristol-Myers And More: Fast Money Picks For January 6 Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesday Trade Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Friday Trade 6 Worst Biotech Stocks Of 2016 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AZN Trending Recent 1 DMTX, NBIX: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 2 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Trade Loss 3 PODD, TNDM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Mo... 4 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations For Apple's... 5 OAK, IBM: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 6 SNAK, JPM: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Tur... 7 SHV: A New ETF That's An Alternat... 1 JPM, AMZN: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 PODD, MDT: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bil... 6 IBM, AMZN: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubb... 7 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USDA Daily Hog Slaughter; Lean Hog Futures Mostly Lower Straight Path: From Bankruptcy To Massively Relevant In The Spectrum Space
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share DAX Rebounds On US Optimism 1/13/2017 4:20 AM ET German stocks rebounded on Friday as a weaker euro lifted shares of automakers and financials also rallied ahead of a slew of U.S. bank earnings due out later in the day. Fed Chair Janet Yellen's comments on Thursday that the U.S. economy is doing well and faces no serious obstacles in the short term also supported underlying sentiment. The benchmark DAX was up 49 points or 0.42 percent at 11,569 in opening deals after tumbling 1.1 percent in the previous session. Commerzbank rallied nearly 2 percent and rival Deutsche Bank advanced 1.5 percent, while automakers BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen rose between half a percent and 2.2 percent. Merck KGaA rose 1 percent after announcing a partnership with Palantir giving the later a cut of Merck's resulting profits. Fraport edged up marginally on reporting a rise in passenger traffic in December. In economic releases, German wholesale prices increased 2.8 percent in December from prior year, marking the biggest rise since October 2012, when prices climbed 3.1 percent, official data showed. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher Following Earnings News, Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Sensex, Nifty Snap Three-day Winning Streak European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Sensex, Nifty Marginally Higher In Early Trade Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Cautious Trades Sensex, Nifty Seen Up On Rate Cut Hopes <<Previous        116 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Veterinary Healthcare Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, 2016 Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Veterinary Healthcare Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 13, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Veterinary Healthcare market is accounted for $24.34 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $40.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.6% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as food safety and improved nutrition, increase in pet ownership, increasing awareness of zoonotic diseases and increasing animal population are driving the market. However, increasing cost of animal testing, increased competition for cultivated land restrictions established by regulatory bodies will challenge the veterinary market. Feed additives held the largest share among the products segment followed by pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Europe is the leading market in veterinary healthcare followed by North America. Asia-pacific and other developing regions will be the major contributors to the market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/veterinary-healthcare-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global Veterinary Healthcare market are Merck & Co., Inc, MERIAL Limited, Zoetis Inc, Novartis Animal Health Inc, Bayer HealthCare, Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac SA, Elanco Products Company, Vétoquinol SA , Sanofi-Aventis, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Heska Corporation, PetAg Incorporated and Procter & Gamble Company. Animals Covered: -Farm animals -Cattle -Swine -Fish -Sheep -Poultry -Companion animals -Dogs -Cats -Horses Products Covered: -Vaccines -Feed Additives -Nutritional Feed Additives -Medicinal Feed Additives -Pharmaceuticals -Systemic Agents -Parasiticides - Antibiotics -Other Pharmaceuticals Diagnostics Covered: -Immunodiagnostics -Molecular diagnostics -Diagnostic imaging -Clinical chemistry -Other diagnostics Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/sample What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 10.1 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.2 MERIAL Limited 10.3 Zoetis Inc 10.4 Novartis Animal Health Inc 10.5 Bayer HealthCare 10.6 Ceva Santé Animale 10.7 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 10.8 Virbac SA 10.9 Elanco Products Company 10.10 Vétoquinol SA 10.11 Sanofi-Aventis 10.12 Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 10.13 Heska Corporation 10.14 PetAg Incorporated 10.15 Procter & Gamble Company Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017

OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Jefferson's Matt Culver claims first J-Hawk title Icy mix bearing down on Eastern Iowa Iowa wrestling ready for challenge that awaits at top-ranked Oklahoma State Old Cedar Rapids block ‘under the gun’ with casino, real estate shake-up ‘Doc Anthony,’ friend of people but foe of crows Top-ranked Oklahoma State drops No. 3 Iowa, 24-11 Icy mix bearing down on Eastern Iowa Iowa men's basketball at Northwestern: Live updates, Highlights Iowa receiver Jay Scheel announces retirement from football One suspect arrested in Iowa City robbery; another still at large Wall Street falls on U.S. policy uncertainty Merck, Eli Lilly boost health sector Video Photo A street sign for Wall Street hangs in front of the New York Stock Exchange May 8, 2013. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Reuters Jan 12, 2017 at 4:05 pm | Print View NEW YORK — The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500’s 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a “phony” Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform health care policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. The S&P’s health care sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day’s session because of Trump’s comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly’s top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Your next Nation & World articles Researchers identify Japanese tapeworm p ... Somali-American teen makes semifinals at ... Chicago police routinely violated civil ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 12, 2017 9:06am   Comments Share: Related MRK Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Sanofi: Key Threats In 2017 And Beyond (Seeking Alpha) Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) unexpectedly announced a priority review for Keytruda plus chemo in first-line lung cancer. This, along with the previous announcements related to Keytruda, extends the company’s leadership position in immuno-oncology, Morgan Stanley’s David Risinger said in a report. Risinger upgraded the rating on Merck from Equal Weight to Overweight, while raising the price target from $65 to $71. The company has previously announced a priority review for Keytruda in microsatellite instability-high biomarker patients. Earlier this month, Merck also announced it was moving Keytruda-IDO combo into Phase 3 in multiple cancers. Oncology Strategy Delivers Results “Management's oncology strategy is delivering better results than expected,” Risinger noted, adding that Merck could extend its lead in first-line lung cancer. Keytruda had already received the first approval as monotherapy for first-line lung cancer in ~20 percent of patients on December 19, 2016. The analyst expects it to be approved in combination with chemo for first-line non-squamous lung cancer by the May 10, 2017, Prescription Drug User Fee Act. He commented that this would give the compound “at least several months head start vs. competitors in first-line covering almost all patients.” Risinger said Merck’s growth could accelerate from 2018 onward, following six years of no growth. “Revenue and earnings growth should improve starting in 2018 as Keytruda steps higher and generic pressures on older franchises (e.g. Vytorin/Zetia) moderate.” Latest Ratings for MRK Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Guggenheim Upgrades Neutral Buy Jan 2017 Morgan Stanley Upgrades Equal-Weight Overweight Dec 2016 Jefferies Downgrades Hold Underperform View More Analyst Ratings for MRK View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech Long Ideas News Upgrades Health Care Price Target FDA Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (MRK) Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 12, 2017 The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Lower, Trump Conference Shakes Sectors All The Markets Trump Moved During His Speech Today Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on MRK Trending Recent 1 DSX, ESEA: Shippers On A Run Again Amid No News 2 LLY, HRTX: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 3 CIEN, PNR: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January... 4 TNAV, OPHC: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros'... 6 FSLR: First Solar Gives Longs A Ray Of Hope 7 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectat... 1 DXCM, MDT: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Monitoring With... 2 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show They're Will... 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Tra... 4 IBM, AMZN: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 5 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4 Gaming Consoles... 6 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations Fo... 7 CIG, SN: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USD/CAD Edges Up, Canadian New Home Prices Flat U.S. Dollar Index Lower, Import Prices Rise
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market to be Worth US$245.8 Billion by 2024: Spike in Cancer Cases Around the World to Ensure Swift Uptake, Predicts TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, January 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the Global Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of Research Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=18209 Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales  The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth  Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. Inquire For Report Customization: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=18209 This review is based on Transparency Market Research's report, titled "Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Volume, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016 - 2024." The monoclonal antibody therapeutics market has been segmented as follows:  Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Application  Cancer Autoimmune diseases Infection Hematological diseases Ophthalmological diseases Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Source  Human Humanized Chimeric Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by End Users  Hospitals Private Clinics Research Institute Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Europe U.K. Germany Spain Italy France Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India Japan China Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South Africa Saudi Arabia A.E. Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Report:  Asthma and COPD Drugs Market (Drug Class - Bronchodilators, Anti-inflammatory Drugs, Monoclonal Antibodies, and Combination Drugs; Indication - Asthma and COPD) - U.S. and China Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-china-asthma-copd-drugs-market.html Biologics Market (Product - Monoclonal Antibodies, Vaccines, Cell Therapy, Recombinant Hormones/Proteins, and Gene Therapy; Applications - Infectious Diseases, Oncology, Immunology, and Autoimmune Diseases) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/global-biologics-market.html Single-use Bioprocessing Systems Market - (Product - Bioreactors & Fermenters, Mixers, Bags, Bioprocess Containers, Filtration Devices, Tubing, Sampling Systems, Connectors & Clamps, Probes & Sensors; End User - Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, CRO & CMO, and Academic & Research Institutes; Application - Monoclonal Antibody Production, Vaccine Production, Plant Cell Cultivation, and Patient Specific Cell Therapies) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/single-use-bio-processing-systems-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 09:30 ET Preview: Global Barite Market: Production Volume to Cross 11 Thousand Kilo Tons by 2024; Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024: Transparency Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Worldwide Small Cell Power Amplifier Market is Projected to Reach US$6.98 bn by 2024; A Probable Solution to Missing Link Between Growing Indoor Data Usage and Bigger Bandwidths | TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 13, 2017, 07:30 ETBy Revenue, Functional Food Ingredients Market is Expected to... Jan 13, 2017, 05:30 ETIn Terms of Revenue, Dairy Alternatives Market is Expected to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market to be Worth US$245.8 Billion by 2024: Spike in Cancer Cases Around the World to Ensure Swift Uptake, Predicts TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market to be Worth US$245.8 Billion by 2024: Spike in Cancer Cases Around the World to Ensure Swift Uptake, Predicts TMR ALBANY, New York, January 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the Global Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of Research Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=18209 Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales  The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth  Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. Inquire For Report Customization: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=18209 This review is based on Transparency Market Research's report, titled "Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Volume, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016 - 2024." The monoclonal antibody therapeutics market has been segmented as follows:  Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Application  Cancer Autoimmune diseases Infection Hematological diseases Ophthalmological diseases Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Source  Human Humanized Chimeric Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by End Users  Hospitals Private Clinics Research Institute Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Europe U.K. Germany Spain Italy France Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India Japan China Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South Africa Saudi Arabia A.E. Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Report:  Asthma and COPD Drugs Market (Drug Class - Bronchodilators, Anti-inflammatory Drugs, Monoclonal Antibodies, and Combination Drugs; Indication - Asthma and COPD) - U.S. and China Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-china-asthma-copd-drugs-market.html Biologics Market (Product - Monoclonal Antibodies, Vaccines, Cell Therapy, Recombinant Hormones/Proteins, and Gene Therapy; Applications - Infectious Diseases, Oncology, Immunology, and Autoimmune Diseases) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/global-biologics-market.html Single-use Bioprocessing Systems Market - (Product - Bioreactors & Fermenters, Mixers, Bags, Bioprocess Containers, Filtration Devices, Tubing, Sampling Systems, Connectors & Clamps, Probes & Sensors; End User - Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, CRO & CMO, and Academic & Research Institutes; Application - Monoclonal Antibody Production, Vaccine Production, Plant Cell Cultivation, and Patient Specific Cell Therapies) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/single-use-bio-processing-systems-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research More by this Source By Revenue, Functional Food Ingredients Market is Expected to Reach US$ 32.40 Bn in 2024: Transparency Market Research 13 Jan, 2017, 12:30 GMT In Terms of Revenue, Dairy Alternatives Market is Expected to Reach US$26,311.3 Mn in 2024: Transparency Market Research 13 Jan, 2017, 10:30 GMT Global Barite Market: Production Volume to Cross 11 Thousand Kilo Tons by 2024; Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024: Transparency Market Research 12 Jan, 2017, 14:30 GMT View all news by Transparency Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Germany's news in English Other editions Austria Denmark France Italy Norway Spain Sweden Switzerland Search Everything News Jobs Homes Community Lifestyle News categories Headlines National Politics Startups Business Technology International Education Travel Culture Society Lifestyle Health Sport Berlin Munich Rhineland Frankfurt Hamburg Features Galleries Features Analysis Archive Community Chat forum Noticeboard Expat dating Weekly newsletter RSS news feed iPhone app Facebook Twitter Site sponsors Expat healthcare by Cigna Global Jobs in Germany IT jobs Finance jobs Marketing jobs Engineering jobs Administration jobs Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Munich Jobs in Cologne Jobs in Frankfurt Jobs in Hamburg All jobs in Germany About The Local Contact us Who we are Send us a story Advertise with us Post a job ad Privacy policy Terms of use Advertisement Trump pledge sends German pharma firms' stocks down DPA/The Local news@thelocal.de 12 January 2017 11:33 CET+01:00 donald trumpstock market Share this article Donald Trump at his press conference on Wednesday. Photo: AP/dpa DPA/The Local news@thelocal.de 12 January 2017 11:33 CET+01:00 German pharmaceutical firms saw their stock prices drop on Thursday morning after US President-Elect Donald Trump used part of his chaotic press conference the day before to say that the US should negotiate better prices from drug companies. German pharmaceutical and biotech stocks were particularly impacted by Trump’s statements on Wednesday, and Germany’s DAX dropped by 0.59 percent within the first hour of trade on Thursday morning. Chemical giant Bayer had fallen by about 0.68 percent from the previous day as of 11am on Thursday, while Merck had dropped by about 1.96 percent. One trader told Dow Jones Newswires that Trump’s plan to replace Barack Obama’s healthcare system also dealt a blow to biotech shares. “As was to be expected, this put great pressure on the health sector, in particular biotech,” the trader said. On the TecDAX index, biotechnology shares of Evotec, MediGene and MorphoSys lost between 1.7 and 4.5 percentage points. Medical supplies company Fresenius Medical Care had dropped by about 1 percent as of Thursday at 11am. The European pharmaceutical sector was the weakest on the Stoxx 600 with a drop of 2 percent. “The Trump speech last night did not deliver the hoped-for stimulus,” one trader told Dow Jones. Trump said at his press conference in New York that he would make the pharmaceutical industry bid for government contracts. “There's very little bidding on drugs. We're the largest buyer of drugs in the world. And yet we don't bid properly. We're going to start bidding,” Trump said. US law currently does not allow federal insurance programme Medicare to negotiate drug prices, essentially allowing the pharmaceutical industry to set their own drug prices. “They’re getting away with murder,” Trump said about the industry. “Pharma has a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power and there is very little bidding.” It wasn’t just German pharmaceutical companies that felt the immediate effects of Trump’s pledge. Bloomberg Markets reported that the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences Index both had their biggest single-day drops in three months, falling 3 and 1.7 percent respectively. The trend was also replicated on stock markets across Europe on Thursday morning, with pharma firms also underperforming in Denmark, Spain, France, Switzerland and Italy.  donald trumpstock market Share this article Advertisement From our sponsors How US expats can avoid tax trouble in 2017 Don’t let inaction or ignorance about your US tax obligations ruin the New Year. 5 reasons UK expats should get healthcare help from home Volunteering abroad: ‘one of the best decisions of my life’ Online auctions: 10 tips to avoid being ripped off Related articles Before Trump takes office, Merkel warns 'eternal' US-EU ties not certain German foreign minister 'perplexed' by Trump's Nazi claim German investors don't flinch in face of European worries John Kerry in Berlin: 'we are going to be OK' EU leaders meet in Berlin to seek answers on Trump Merkel to be the new 'leader of the free world'? 'Oh my God': How German media depict Trump victory Merkel makes first phone call to future President Trump Advertisement Recent highlights 'Traitor of the people' is Germany's worst word of 2016: Here's why Despite quotas, Germany's boardrooms still 'male-dominated' No Breitbart, a Muslim mob didn't set fire to Germany's oldest church Take a virtual tour of Stuttgart's futuristic new train station These are the safest airlines in Germany Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' becomes German bestseller year after reprint Bavaria must remain part of Germany, says top court This is what has changed in Germany since January 1st Advertisement Latest headlines German jet lands in Kuwait over hoax bomb threat Berlin mayor fires housing chief for Stasi past Germany calls on ECB to unwind economic stimulus How this frozen fox became a grim winter warning These 11 photos show just how bad storm Egon hit Germany Advertisement Popular articles Storm Egon leaves two dead, thousands without power Vulnerable people are being 'radicalised in refugee centres' 600 officers raid 'Germany's most dangerous street' in Leipzig How this frozen fox became a grim winter warning These 11 photos show just how bad storm Egon hit Germany Advertisement Noticeboard 05/01 Seeking information about my father 05/01 Washer/Dryer for sale...only 2 years old! 05/01 Tai Chi & Qi Gong in English 20/12 stunning apartment in camps bay cape town for rent 19/12 Holiday Apartments in Austria 19/12 Dusseldorf: Stylish Leather Sofa Set (3+2 seater+hocher) View all notices Advertisement The Local Europe AB Östgötagatan 12 116 25 Stockholm Sweden Contact us Send us a story Our journalists Audience data Our sales team Post a job ad Privacy policy Terms of use    
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - US markets ended in the green yesterday, as gains in tech and energy stocks more than offset losses in healthcare companies Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:33 12 Jan 2017 ., Thu UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished mixed yesterday, with the FTSE 100 index recording its tenth consecutive record high level. BT Group climbed 2.4%, following a broker upgrade on the stock to ‘Overweight’ from ‘Equal weight’. J Sainsbury added 1.0%, after the supermarket chain reported an increase in its like-for-like sales in the 15 weeks ended 07 January lifted by online sales and revenue growth at Argos. On the losing side, Drugmakers, GlaxoSmithKline, Hikma Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca and Shire dropped 0.8%, 1.2%, 1.8% and 3.2%, respectively, following comments of Donald Trump on the sector. Taylor Wimpey lost 2.5%, despite expecting profit for 2016 to come at the upper end of the expectations. Tullow Oil slipped 1.6%, after the company reduced its production guidance for 2017. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.2%, to close at 7,290.5, while the FTSE 250 fell 0.1%, to settle at 18,394.1. US Market Snapshot US markets ended in the green yesterday, as gains in tech and energy stocks more than offset losses in healthcare companies. Merck edged up 2.9%, after the company earned a priority review for its lung cancer treatments from the FDA. Energy producers, Chevron and Exxon Mobil added 0.8% and 1.0%, respectively, tracking gains in oil prices. Bucking the trend, SUPERVALU plunged 7.5%, after the retailer reported downbeat sales for the third quarter. Signet Jewelers dropped 5.2%, after the company trimmed its sales and profit outlook for the fourth quarter amid dismal holiday same-store sales. Lockheed Martin shed 0.4%, after Trump again criticised the cost of its F-35 project in his news conference. The S&P 500 gained 0.3%, to settle at 2,275.3. The DJIA rose 0.5%, to settle at 19,954.3, while the NASDAQ advanced 0.2%, to close at 5,563.6. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets closed in positive territory yesterday, boosted by gains in commodity related stocks amid higher crude oil prices. Statoil and Total rose 0.6% each. Volkswagen climbed 3.6%, after the auto maker agreed to pay $4.3 billion to resolve its emissions tests scandal dispute with the US Justice Department and Customs. Peers, Renault, Daimler and Porsche Automobil Holding added 0.6%, 0.8% and 3.7%, respectively. ABB edged up 2.2%, following a broker upgrade on the stock to ‘Buy’ from ‘Neutral’. On the flipside, Engie declined 3.0%, after the French Government sold 100.0 million shares in the company for €1.14 billion. Pharmaceutical firms, Novartis and Sanofi dropped 1.3%, each. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 0.3%, to close at 1,443.2. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 0.5%, to close at 11,646.2, while the French CAC-40 advanced marginally, to settle at 4,888.7. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading mostly lower this morning. In Japan, Konami Holdings and FamilyMart UNY Holdings have tumbled 4.8% and 5.7%, respectively. Seven & i Holdings has declined 2.3%, despite news that the company is planning to triple its supermarkets and general merchandise stores in China’s inland areas by 2020. On the contrary, Kewpie has climbed 5.8%, as it expects a 10.7% jump in its operating profit for the full year ending November. In Hong Kong, oil stocks, PetroChina and CNOOC have dropped 0.2% and 1.0%, respectively. In South Korea, Samsung Electronics has slid 0.1%, after news emerged that Samsung Group Chief, Jay Y. Lee, had arrived at the South Korean special prosecutor’s office for interrogation related to a corruption scandal. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 1.5% lower at 19,072.7. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.3% down at 22,872.4, while the Kospi index is trading marginally higher at 2,075.6. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs Debenhams, Hargreave Hale Aim Vct 1 Plc, Unicorn Aim Vct 2 Plc A EGMs Public Power GDR SA (Reg S), Dee Valley Final Ex-Dividend Date Connect Group, Countryside Properties, DotDigital Group, Dunedin Smaller Companies Inv Trust, easyHotel, Henderson Alternative Strategies Trust, Income & Growth VCT, JPMorgan Asian Investment Trust, Majedie Investments, Octopus VCT 3, Octopus VCT 4, Patisserie Holdings, Scottish Inv Trust, Unicorn AIM VCT, Urban&Civic, WH Smith Interim Ex-Dividend Date Accrol Group Holdings, Caledonia Mining Corporation (DI), European Assets Trust, Fair Oaks Income Fund Limited, Hayward Tyler Group, NB Global Floating Rate Income Fund Ltd GBP, QinetiQ Group, Schroder European Real Estate Investment Trust, Workspace Group Interim Dividend Payment Date Alliance Pharma, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, Norcros, Personal Assets Trust Special Ex-Dividend Payment Date DotDigital Group, Henderson Alternative Strategies Trust, Scottish Inv Trust Quarterly Payment Date GlaxoSmithKline, Total SA, XP Power Ltd. (DI) Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date Albion Technology & General VCT, F&C Commercial Property Trust Ltd., Primary Health Properties Trading Announcements Associated British Foods, Barratt Developments, The Gym Group, Asos, AO World, Booker, Debenhams, Dunelm, Hays, Hilton Food, Jupiter Fund Management, Marks & Spencer, McColl's Retail, Moss Bros, Mothercare, Paysafe, Premier Oil, Rathbone Brothers, SuperGroup, Tesco, Spire Healthcare Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Catalyst Media Group, Funding Circle SME Income Fund Final Dividend Payment Date Associated British Foods, Carr's Group, K3 Business Technology Group, TP ICAP Interim Dividend Payment Date Acal, Brown (N.) Group, Cropper (James), ICG-Longbow Senior Secured UK Property Debt Investments Ltd, JPMorgan European Investment Trust, Marks & Spencer Group, Murray Income Trust, Polar Capital Holdings, Severfield, Tarsus Group Quarterly Payment Date Schlumberger Ltd. Trading Announcements Mitchells & Butlers, SIG, XP Power Ltd. (DI), Bovis Homes, Secure Trust Bank Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0430GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.07% or $0.04 lower at $55.06 per barrel. Yesterday, the contract climbed 2.72% or $1.46, to settle at $55.10 per barrel, after news emerged that Saudi Arabia had reduced its oil exports to Asian markets. However, oil prices pared some of its gains after the Energy Information Administration reported that US crude inventories advanced by 4.1 million barrels for the week ended 06 January 2017. Gold At 0430GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading marginally or $0.40 higher at $1197.00 per ounce. Yesterday, the contract advanced 0.94% or $11.10, to settle at $1196.60 per ounce, following weakness in the greenback. Currency At 0430GMT today, the EUR is trading 0.23% higher against the USD at $1.0604, ahead of the European Central Bank’s (ECB) account of the monetary policy meeting, due to release today.  Additionally, Euro-zone’s industrial production for November, slated to release in a few hours, will be closely assessed by traders. Yesterday, the EUR strengthened 0.26% versus the USD, to close at $1.0580. The US Dollar declined against its major counterparts, as the US President-elect, Donald Trump, did not provide any clarity over his fiscal and tax policies in his first press conference post-election.         At 0430GMT today, the GBP is trading a tad lower against the USD at $1.2209, Market participants will closely monitor the US weekly initial jobless claims and monthly budget statement for December, set to release later in the day. Yesterday, the GBP rose 0.29% versus the USD, to close at $1.2211, after data showed that UK’s manufacturing and industrial production rebounded more than anticipated in November. Fixed Income In the US, treasury yields closed almost flat amid no major economic releases in the US. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes remained unchanged at 2.38%, while yield on 2-year notes gained 1 basis point to 1.20%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield fell 1 basis point to 2.96%. Key Economic News BoE Governor Mark Carney struck a different tone on Brexit The Bank of England (BoE) Governor, Mark Carney, in his testimony to the Parliament’s Treasury Select Committee stated that Brexit is no longer the biggest risk to UK’s financial stability, reversing his previous warnings about the threat Brexit posed to the British economy. He further added that current strength of the British economy implies that the central bank might soon have to upgrade its forecasts. The Governor also warned that a hard Brexit would pose greater threat to the financial stability of the European Union than to the UK, given the strength of Britain's financial services sector. UK manufacturing production rose more than expected in November Manufacturing production in the UK advanced 1.20% on an annual basis in November, compared to a revised drop of 0.50% in the previous month. Market anticipation was for manufacturing production to rise 0.40%. UK industrial production rose more than expected in November In November, on a monthly basis, industrial production in the UK registered a rise of 2.10%, compared to a revised drop of 1.10% in the previous month. Markets were expecting industrial production to climb 1.00%. UK industrial production advanced more than expected in November Industrial production registered a rise of 2.00% in the UK on an annual basis in November, more than market expectations for a rise of 0.70%. Industrial production had registered a revised drop of 0.90% in the prior month. UK manufacturing production advanced more than expected in November In November, on a monthly basis, manufacturing production in the UK recorded a rise of 1.30%, more than market expectations for an advance of 0.50%. Manufacturing production had registered a revised drop of 1.00% in the previous month. UK total trade deficit rose in November Total trade deficit in the UK widened to £4.17 billion in November, compared to a revised total trade deficit of £1.55 billion in the prior month. Market anticipation was for the nation's total trade deficit to widen to £3.50 billion. UK NIESR estimated GDP advanced as expected in the October-December 2016 period In the October-December 2016 period, NIESR estimated gross domestic product (GDP) rose 0.50% in the UK on a monthly basis, at par with market expectations. NIESR estimated GDP had registered a revised similar rise in the September-November 2016 period. UK trade deficit rose in November In November, non-EU trade deficit in the UK expanded to £3.58 billion, from a revised trade deficit of £2.12 billion in the prior month. Market anticipation was for the nation's trade deficit to widen to £3.00 billion. UK construction output rose less than expected in November On an annual basis, construction output in the UK recorded a rise of 1.50% in November, less than market expectations for an advance of 2.00%. Construction output had recorded a rise of 0.70% in the prior month. UK visible trade deficit rose in November Visible trade deficit in the UK rose to £12.16 billion in November, from a revised visible trade deficit of £9.88 billion in the previous month. Markets were expecting the nation's visible trade deficit to rise to £11.15 billion. Spanish calendar adjusted industrial output advanced more than expected in November In November, on a YoY basis, the calendar adjusted industrial output in Spain registered a rise of 3.20%, more than market expectations for a rise of 1.00%. The calendar adjusted industrial output had climbed by a revised 0.60% in the previous month. US mortgage applications rose in the last week In the US, mortgage applications rose 5.80% on a weekly basis, in the week ended 06 January 2017. Mortgage applications had registered a rise of 0.10% in the previous week. US economic optimism index climbed in January In January, the economic optimism index in the US recorded a rise to 55.60. In the previous month, the economic optimism index had recorded a reading of 54.80. Japanese current account surplus registered a drop in November Japan has registered the non-seasonally adjusted current account surplus of ¥1415.50 billion in November, compared to a current account surplus of ¥1719.90 billion in the prior month. Market expectation was for the nation to post a current account surplus of ¥1460.00 billion. Japanese bank lending ex-trust rose more than expected in December In December, bank lending ex-trust in Japan registered a rise of 2.60% on a YoY basis, compared to an advance of 2.40% in the previous month. Markets were anticipating bank lending ex-trust to advance 2.50%. Japanese bank lending including trusts advanced in December In Japan, bank lending including trusts rose 2.60% on a YoY basis, in December. Bank lending including trusts had climbed 2.40% in the prior month. Japanese adjusted (total) current account surplus dropped in November Japan has reported adjusted (total) current account surplus of ¥1799.60 billion in November, compared to an adjusted (total) current account surplus of ¥1928.90 billion in the prior month. Markets were expecting the nation to post an adjusted (total) current account surplus of ¥1870.40 billion. Japanese (BOP basis) trade surplus fell in November (BOP basis) trade surplus in Japan narrowed to ¥313.40 billion in November, compared to a (BOP basis) trade surplus of ¥587.60 billion in the previous month. Markets were expecting the country's (BOP basis) trade surplus to narrow to ¥254.40 billion. Japanese average office vacancies in Tokyo climbed in December In Japan, average office vacancies in Tokyo climbed 3.61% on a monthly basis, in December. In the previous month, average office vacancies in Tokyo had registered a rise of 3.75%. Japanese coincident index advanced in November The flash coincident index in Japan climbed to 115.10 in November, compared to market expectations of a rise to a level of 115.00. The coincident index had registered a reading of 113.50 in the prior month. Japanese leading economic index rose in November The preliminary leading economic index in Japan advanced to 102.70 in November, compared to market expectations of an advance to a level of 102.60. In the prior month, the leading economic index had registered a reading of 100.80. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017 Bayer HealthCare AG (Germany), Heska Corporation (US), Merial Ltd. (US), Virbac SA (France), Zoetis Inc. (US) Global Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017 Bayer HealthCare AG (Germany), Heska Corporation (US), Merial Ltd. (US), Virbac SA (France), Zoetis Inc. (US) Posted on January 12, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Global Gene-Deleted Vaccines Industry 2017 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/11/2017 — Market Research Report on Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Gene-Deleted Vaccines worldwide. First of all,"Global Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017" report provides a basic overview of the Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry chain structure. The analysis is provided for the Gene-Deleted Vaccines international market including development history, Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry competitive landscape analysis. Do Inquiry for Purchasing Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/103539#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Bayer HealthCare AG (Germany) Biogenesis-Bago (Argentina) Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany) Ceva Sante Animale (France) Heska Corporation (US) Indian Immunologicals Ltd (India) Lohmann Animal Health (US) Merck Animal Health (US) Merial Ltd. (US) Protein Sciences Corporation (US) Virbac SA (France) Zoetis Inc. (US) After that, Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Gene-Deleted Vaccines market. This report "Worldwide Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market 2017" also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Gene-Deleted Vaccines market cost, price, revenue and Gene-Deleted Vaccines market's gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Gene-Deleted Vaccines Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Gene-Deleted Vaccines market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Get Sample Report Here: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/103539#request-sample Related information to Gene-Deleted Vaccines market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Also includes Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry's – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What's more, the Gene-Deleted Vaccines market development trends and Gene-Deleted Vaccines industry marketing channels are analysed. Finally, "worldwide Gene-Deleted Vaccines market" Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-gene-deleted-vaccines-market-2017-bayer-healthcare-ag-germany-heska-corporation-us-merial-ltd-us-virbac-sa-france-zoetis-inc-us-759078.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist QY Market Research Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/market-analysis/global-gene-deleted-vaccines-industry-2016.html Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017 Heska Corporation (US), Merck Animal Health (US), Merial Ltd. (US), Virbac SA (France), Zoetis Inc. (US) Global Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017 Heska Corporation (US), Merck Animal Health (US), Merial Ltd. (US), Virbac SA (France), Zoetis Inc. (US) Posted on January 12, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Global Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Industry 2017 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 01/11/2017 — Market Research Report on Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines worldwide. First of all,"Global Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017" report provides a basic overview of the Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry chain structure. The analysis is provided for the Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines international market including development history, Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry competitive landscape analysis. Do Inquiry for Purchasing Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/103541#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, Bayer HealthCare AG (Germany) Biogenesis-Bago (Argentina) Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH (Germany) Ceva Sante Animale (France) Heska Corporation (US) Indian Immunologicals Ltd (India) Lohmann Animal Health (US) Merck Animal Health (US) Merial Ltd. (US) Protein Sciences Corporation (US) Virbac SA (France) Zoetis Inc. (US) After that, Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market. This report "Worldwide Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017" also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market cost, price, revenue and Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market's gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Get Sample Report Here: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/103541#request-sample Related information to Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Also includes Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry's – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What's more, the Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market development trends and Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines industry marketing channels are analysed. Finally, "worldwide Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines market" Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-hemorrhagic-septicemia-vaccines-market-2017-heska-corporation-us-merck-animal-health-us-merial-ltd-us-virbac-sa-france-zoetis-inc-us-759081.htm Media Relations Contact Joel John Corporate Sales Specialist QY Market Research Telephone: 386-310-3803 Email: Click to Email Joel John Web: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/market-analysis/global-hemorrhagic-septicemia-vaccines-industry-2016.html Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE

▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Financial Earnings, Data In Focus On Wall Street 1/13/2017 8:59 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a modestly higher open on Friday, with stocks poised to extend the recovery from the pullback seen early in the previous session. The upward momentum for the markets comes as traders digest quarterly results from several financial giants as well as some closely watched economic data. Stocks showed a notable recovery attempt after coming under pressure in early trading on Thursday but still ended the session modestly lower. With the drop, the tech-heavy Nasdaq pulled back off the record closing high set on Wednesday. The major averages ended the day in negative territory but well off their lows of the session. The Dow fell 63.28 points or 0.3 percent to 19,891.00, the Nasdaq dipped 16.16 points or 0.3 percent to 5,547.49 and the S&P 500 edged down 4.88 points or 0.2 percent to 2,270.44. Profit taking contributed to the early weakness on Wall Street, with traders cashing in on some of the strength seen in the weeks following President-elect Donald Trump's surprise victory. Analysts suggested that the pullback was partly due to continued uncertainty about Trump's policies following his highly-anticipated press conference on Wednesday. The World Bank noted Trump's proposed tax cuts and spending plans could boost U.S. and global growth but said uncertainty about his trade policies adds to risks. During the press conference, Trump lashed out at the drug industry and called for new bidding procedures in order to lower prices. Stocks did not sustain the early downward, however, with the subsequent rebound possibly reflecting trader concerns about missing out on any further upside. On the U.S. economic front, the Labor Department released a report showing a modest rebound in initial jobless claims in the week ended January 7th. The report said initial jobless claims rose to 247,000, an increase of 10,000 from the previous week's revised level of 237,000. Economists had expected jobless claims to climb to 255,000. A separate Labor Department report showed a smaller than expected rebound in import prices in the month of December. Most of the major sectors climbed well off their worst levels of the day, contributing to the recovery attempt by the broader markets. Significant weakness remained visible among computer hardware stocks, however, with the NYSE Arca Computer Hardware Index falling by 1.2 percent. Financial, airline, and semiconductor stocks also ended the day notably lower, while biotechnology stocks regained some ground after falling sharply on Wednesday. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures are slipping $0.35 to $52.66 a barrel after climbing $0.76 to $53.01 a barrel on Thursday. Gold futures are currently trading at $1,198.10 an ounce, down $1.70 from the previous session's close of $1,199.80 an ounce. On Thursday, gold rose $3.20. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 114.66 yen compared to the 114.72 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Thursday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.649 compared to yesterday's $1.0613. Asia Stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Friday, as disappointing Chinese trade data dented investor sentiment while the dollar edged up from a five-week low versus the yen. Japanese shares rebounded from a two-week low as the dollar edged up and Seven & i Holdings posted better-than-expected third-quarter results. The Nikkei 225 Index climbed 152.58 points or 0.80 percent to 19,287.28, while the broader Topix closed 0.62 percent higher at 1,544.89. Shares of Seven & i Holdings jumped 8.6 percent as the convenience store operator reported a 4 percent increase in operating profit for the nine months ended in November. Takata shares soared as much as 16 percent on reports that the beleaguered airbag maker will announce a deal with U.S. regulators to settle a criminal probe. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index also rose 108.36 points or 0.5 percent to 22,937.38, while China's Shanghai Composite index slid 6.52 points or 0.21 percent to 3,112.76, falling for the fourth day as data showed China's exports declined at a faster-than-expected pace in December. Data from the General Administration of Customs showed that Chinese exports fell an annual 6.1 percent in December, exceeding economists' forecast for a decrease of 4.0 percent. Imports grew 3.1 percent annually in the month, just above the 3.0 percent climb expected by economists. Australian shares fell notably, dragged down by banks as the euphoria over Trump's policy plans faded and investors waited for the U.S. reporting season to kick off. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 Index fell 45.80 points or 0.79 percent to 5,721.10, while the broader All Ordinaries Index closed 44.80 points or 0.77 percent lower at 5,776.80. The big four banks lost 1-2 percent, mining giant Rio Tinto dropped 1.2 percent and smaller rival Fortescue Metals Group declined 2.2 percent. Energy stocks also closed mostly lower despite overnight gains in oil. Bellamy's Australia plunged almost 9 percent to extend losses into a third day amid renewed calls from dissident shareholder Jan Cameron to spill its board. Among the best performers, department store owner Myer Holdings advanced 2.7 percent and coal miner Whitehaven Coal rallied 4.5 percent. Europe European stocks have rebounded on Friday as Fiat Chrysler shares have recovered from Thursday's slump. Fed Chair Janet Yellen's comments on Thursday that the U.S. economy is facing no serious obstacles in the short term also buoyed investor sentiment on a light day on the economic front. While the French CAC 40 Index has climbed by 0.9 percent, the German DAX Index and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index are up by 0.6 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively. Shares of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles have jumped after tumbling as much as 16 percent the previous day as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency accused the company of using undeclared software to pass laboratory emissions tests. Mitchells & Butlers Plc shares have also soared as the British pub operator reported strong holiday sales across all brands. Merck KGaA has risen in Frankfurt after announcing a partnership with Palantir giving the later a cut of Merck's resulting profits. Meanwhile, French media & entertainment firm Technicolor has fallen sharply percent after issuing downbeat trading update for 2016. U.S. Economic Reports Retail sales in the U.S. increased by slightly less than expected in the month of December, according to a report released by the Commerce Department. The Commerce Department said retail sales climbed by 0.6 percent in December after edging up by a revised 0.2 percent in November. Economists had expected retail sales to advance by 0.7 percent compared to the 0.1 percent uptick originally reported for the previous month. Excluding auto sales, retail sales inched up by 0.2 percent in December after rising by 0.3 percent in November. Ex-auto sales had been expected to climb by 0.5 percent. A separate report from the Labor Department showed that producer price growth came in line with economist estimates in December. The Labor Department said its producer price index for final demand rose by 0.3 percent in December after climbing by 0.4 percent in November. Excluding food and energy prices, core producer prices edged up by 0.2 percent in December after rising by 0.4 percent in November. Core prices had been expected to inch up by 0.1 percent. Philadelphia Federal Reserve President Patrick Harker is due to discuss economic mobility at the Benjamin Franklin Birthday Celebration in Philadelphia at 9:30 am ET. At 10 am ET, the University of Michigan is scheduled to release its preliminary report on consumer sentiment in the month of January. The consumer sentiment index is expected to inch up to 98.6 in January after jumping to 98.2 in December. The Commerce Department is also due to release its report on business inventories in the month of November at 10 am ET. Business inventories are expected to climb by 0.6 percent. Stocks in Focus Bank of America (BAC) reported fourth quarter earnings that came in above analyst estimates, although its revenues for the quarter came in slightly below expectations. JPMorgan Chase (JPM) reported fourth quarter results that exceeded expectations on both the top and bottom lines. Wells Fargo (WFC) reported fourth quarter earnings that fell to $0.96 per share from $1.00 per share a year ago. Revenue for the quarter was nearly flat at $21.6 billion. Online music service Pandora Media (P) said it expects to exceed its previous fourth quarter revenue guidance and announced plans to reduce its workforce by about seven percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Week In Review: Trump Murders Drug Stocks; Apple Breaks Out; GM Bullish President-elect Donald Trump accused drugmakers of "getting away with murder" and took aim at the costly F-35 fighter jet again at this week's press conference. (AP) IBD STAFF 1/13/2017 Reprints President-elect Donald Trump slammed the high cost of drugs and the F-35 once again, pressuring related stocks. But General Motors (GM), Amazon (AMZN), consumers and small businesses are bullish. Apple (AAPL) hit a buy point, while JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and other bank stocks reported earnings. Nasdaq Hits High As Apple Trumps Drugs Donald Trump continued to go after companies and industries and he didn't talk much about tax cuts or other stimulus, but the major averages held up well. The Nasdaq rose 1% to all-time highs. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.4% and the S&P 500 0.1%. Drug and biotech stocks tumbled on Trump's pledge to go after high prices. But Apple broke out of a base, joining Alphabet (GOOGL) and Netflix (NFLX). Bank stocks rose modestly Friday after JPMorgan, BofA and Wells Fargo reported earnings and Treasury yields rebounded. Trump: Drugmakers 'Getting Away With Murder' President-elect Trump doubled-down on his criticism of high drug prices, saying Wednesday that the industry is "getting away with murder." He said that "new bidding procedures" are needed, suggesting support for legislation traditionally favored by Democrats, not Republicans. Drug and biotech stocks sold off hard on the comments. Trump also returned to attacking the costly Lockheed Martin F-35 fighter jet, saying he'll save billions of dollars as he pushes more competition. Lockheed, which has said that it is reducing per-jet costs after years of overruns and delays, said that it's promised to "aggressively" reduce F-35 expenses. Lockheed's CEO met with Trump on Friday, their second such meeting since the election. Lockheed rose modestly Friday, but fell 1.3% for the week. RELATED: Trump Says Drugmakers 'Getting Away With Murder', Cites F-35, Ford, Fiat Trump Vows Fighter-Jet Competition, 'Big Things' On Lockheed F-35 JPMorgan Beats, BofA Mixed, Wells Misses Three banking giants kicked off earnings season for the sector on Friday with differing results. JPMorgan Chase beat on earnings and revenue while Bank of America (BAC) topped on earnings but fell short on revenue. Wells Fargo (WFC), still dealing with the fallout from its false accounts scandal, missed on the top and bottom line. All three rose modestly on Friday. RELATED: JPMorgan Beats, Bank Of America Q4 Results Mixed; Wells Fargo Misses Consumers, Business Optimism Soaring The IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Index rose 0.8 point in January to 55.6, a fresh 10-year high after soaring 3.4 points in December. Americans have become much more upbeat since the presidential election, as stock markets have soared on hopes that Donald Trump will cut taxes and regulation and ramp up infrastructure spending to boost economic growth. Meanwhile, the NFIB's small business optimism index spiked in December to a 12-year best. A net 50% of small firms see business conditions improving vs. -7% in October. RELATED: Economic Optimism Hits New 10-Year High As Trump Rally Continues Trump Bump: Small Business Optimism Soars To 12-Year High General Motors, Ford Bullish On Future General Motors sees 2017 EPS of $6-$6.50 up from its 2016 target of $5.50-$6.00. Analysts have expected $6.01 for 2016, but then a decline to $5.71 this year. GM, which recently reported a surprisingly strong 10% gain in U.S. sales for December, also added $5 billion to its stock buyback program. Ford, meanwhile, added $200 million — or 5 cents a share — to its regular quarterly dividend. Ford sees earnings falling this year amid heavy investments, but "improved profitability" in 2018. GM shares rose 3.75% for the week, hitting their best levels in nearly two years. Ford fell 1%. Fiat Chrysler Slammed On Diesel Emissions The EPA accused Fiat Chrysler (FCAU) of cheating diesel emissions standards in some 104,000 recent trucks and SUVs. Fiat Chrysler denied any wrongdoing, but shares fell 10% Thursday after hitting a record high earlier that day. Earlier in the week, Volkswagen (VLKAY) pleaded guilty in relation to its diesel emissions testing, agreeing to pay a $4.3 billion fine. Prosecutors charged 5 VW officials living in Germany. Tesla Motors (TSLA) hired two Apple execs, one of whom will head up the automaker's Autopilot software efforts. CEO Elon Musk once mocked Apple, which has its own unconfirmed "Project Titan" electric car initiative, as a "Tesla graveyard." Tesla also sketched out how it will charge fees for using its Supercharger fees, but only for drivers who order after Jan. 15. Tesla shares rose 3.8% to seven-month highs. RELATED: General Motors Soars On Bullish Earnings Forecast; Ford Looks To 2018 Walgreens-Rite Aid Approval Soon The Federal Trade Commission is expected to approve the drugstore merger between Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) and Rite Aid (RAD) before the Obama administration ends on Jan. 20, the New York Post reported, citing sources. Walgreens announced the $9-a-share deal back in October 2015. Shares of Walgreens rose 0.9% while Rite Aid climbed 3.1% to 8.66. Smaller rival Fred's (FRED), which is buying 865 Rite Aid stores as part of the effort to ease antitrust concerns, fell 8.6%. RELATED: Walgreens-Rite Aid Merger OK Seen Before Trump Takes Office Amazon Will Add 100,000 U.S. Jobs Fresh off another strong holiday season for the e-commerce giant, Amazon said it would expand its "full-time, full-benefit" U.S.-based workforce to 280,000 by mid-2018, from 180,000 last year. Amazon's workforce was 30,000 in 2011. Amazon is adding positions "from engineers and software developers to those seeking entry-level positions and on-the-job training." Amazon's gain is likely to come at the expense of traditional brick-and-mortar retailers and other rivals. Amazon rose 2.7% for the week, closing in on all-time highs. RELATED: Amazon Plants A 'We're Hiring' Sign To Reach 100,000 New Jobs Holidays Weren't Just For Amazon The holidays were rough on retailers not named Amazon.com (AMZN), as online shopping and subdued store traffic hung heavy. But it wasn't all bad: Morgan Stanley analysts called Lululemon (LULU), which lifted the low end of guidance, a holiday "standout" following its appearance of the annual ICR conference. Francesca's (FRAN) and Genesco (GCO) now expect results toward the upper end of previously announced guidance, and Ollie's Bargain Outlets (OLLI) raised its outlook. Wells Fargo analysts like Lululemon and off-price retailers such as TJX Cos. (TJX), but said the said the retail sector is generally almost "uninvestable." Retail sales rose 0.6% in December, slightly below views, and just 0.2% excluding autos. Nonstore sales, including Amazon, led the way while department stores struggled. Oil Prices Swing On U.S. Gains, OPEC Cuts Oil prices fell hard early in the week, then bounced back somewhat as traders try to balance current and future U.S. production gains against OPEC output curbs. But crude futures closed down 3% to $52.37 a barrel, their biggest drop since early November. North American oil companies' spending on exploration and production will rise 27% this year after falling the prior two years, but higher oilfield service costs will account for some of the increase, according to Barclays analysts. Hess Corp. (HES) and Parsley Energy (PE) said they would boost spending this year. The EIA said U.S. crude stockpiles increased by 4.1 million barrels, well above the 1.2 million-barrel increase analysts expected. U.S. production rose 1.9% to 8.95 million barrels per day, the biggest increase in 20 months, with total production level hitting an eight-month high. Russia and Kazakhstan are cutting back output and Saudi Arabia has reduced deliveries to Asia as part of the OPEC deal, but Iraq is reportedly trying to boost exports even further. RELATED:  U.S. Oil Companies To Unleash Spending But Costs Will Rise Too Oil Prices Near $50 Floor As Iraqi Exports Raise OPEC Deal Doubts U.S. Crude Stockpiles, Production Soar, But Prices Rise As OPEC Cuts OPEC, China Lift Oil Prices But U.S. Producers Ready To Pounce Delta Likes Trump, Sees Higher Revenue, Costs Delta forecast flat to 2% unit revenue growth for the first quarter, after cheap fuel and heightened competition sank the metric for two years. The company said margin pressure from higher fuel and labor costs "is likely to peak" in Q1, but that margins should begin expanding by the second half of the year. Delta also said that Donald Trump's victory has already boosted demand and hopes a Trump administration will bring opportunities for tax and regulatory reform, infrastructure improvement, and greater consideration of its case against Middle East rivals. The big U.S. airlines say those carriers have expanded in the U.S. on their governments' dime, an accusation those carriers have denied. Meanwhile, American Airlines (AAL), United Airlines (UAL) and Southwest (LUV) also lifted their Q1 unit-revenue forecasts. RELATED: Delta Air Lines Sees Market Share Pressure Over Atlantic Applied Opto Soars On Earnings; Acacia Cautious On China Shares in Applied Optoelectronics (AAOI) soared 31% on Thursday to a record high after the maker of optical communications devices preannounced Q4 results with both revenues and EPS exceeding expectations.  Internet firms are upgrading data centers to 100 gigabit-per-second technology. Analysts said Applied Optoelectronics has been boosted by demand from Amazon, Microsoft (MSFT) and Facebook (FB). Demand from China has also been driving revenue growth for fiber-optic component makers, but there's been speculation demand has softened. Oclaro stock rose after it said business in China has been strong as normal at a Needham & Co. conference while shares in Acacia Communications (ACIA) fell on more cautious comments. RELATED: Applied Optoelectronics Booms On Facebook, Amazon Data Center Builds Merck Is A Star At JPM Healthcare Conference At the 35th annual JPMorgan Healthcare Conference, Merck (MRK) immunotherapy drug Keytruda was accepted for priority review in combination with chemotherapy to treat lung cancer. Celgene raised its 2017 earnings guidance. Ariad Pharmaceuticals (ARIA) takeout by Japanese Takeda Pharmaceuticals for $24 per share. and Medicines Co. (MDCO) announced strong interim data on an LDL buster different enough to avoid a patent battle with No. 1 biotech Amgen (AMGN). But Trump's harsh rhetoric vs. the drug industry and prices chilled optimism. Chipotle Trending, Jack In The Box Customers 'Forgiving' Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) forecast fourth-quarter EPS and revenue below Wall Street expectations. However, improvements in same-store sales trends helped lift shares during the week. Jack in the Box (JACK) said at the 2017 ICR Conference that its late-night delivery customers, which in San Francisco can have the burger chain's food delivered through a partnership with DoorDash, were more "forgiving" on food quality. Burgers and fries tend not to hold up as well in takeout containers as tacos — Jack's best-selling item — and pizza. Other restaurants are assessing how takeout services from GrubHub (GRUB), DoorDash, Uber Eats and others fit into their business. Gaming-and-sports bar chain Dave & Buster's (PLAY) said it provided an experience that "can't be duplicated at home," while Domino's Pizza (DPZ) touted its digital ordering platform and international growth potential. RELATED: Chipotle Warns, But Stock Jumps On Same-Store Sales Trend Jack In The Box Finds A 'Forgiving' Late-Night-Delivery Customer Tawian Semiconductor Guidance Disappoints Chip foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSM) earned 61 cents per American depositary receipt, up 42% year over year, on sales of nearly $8.25 billion, up 32%. Analysts expected 59 cents and $8.16 billion for TSMC's Q4. But for the current Q1, TSMC sees revenue of $7.44 billion at the midpoint of its guidance. It did not give an earnings target. Wall Street has been modeling TSMC to earn 51 cents per ADR, up 34% year over year, on sales of $7.67 billion, up 25%, in the March quarter. CFO Lora Ho sees weaker demand in Q1 in part due to "above seasonal supply chain inventory at the end of 2016." RELATED: Taiwan Semiconductor Dips On Cautious Q1 Guidance Share this: Related news Apple, Google, Netflix Are In Buy Range; Amazon, Facebook Near Breakouts 11:11 AM ET It's been a FANG-tastic start to the new year, with Netflix, Alphabet and Apple breaking out, and Amazon and Facebook... 11:11 AM ET It's been a FANG-tastic start to the new year, with... Trump Trade: What He Can Do Legally Vs. Nafta, China, Mexico IPhone 8 Could Be Last Hurrah For Apple Smartphone Growth Which Sectors Have Gotten The Trump Bump Or Dump So Far This Year? Cotiviti Aims At Health-Care Waste, Finds Target-Rich Environment Apple Is Moving Into A Spaceship HQ, But Needs Hit Products To Blast Off Wal-Mart Reorganizing E-Commerce Unit As Amazon Pressure Fierce Pandora Plus Is Growing, But Takeover Seen As Less Likely Obama's EPA Cuts Off Trump, Locks In Auto Mileage Standards Early Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Can you build this fast? Promoted Content By Butler Manufacturing Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 5 Ways To Position For 2017's Biggest Tech Trends Investors are putting their money on these trends Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 13 Ways to Increase Your 401k Get a step up on your retirement savings My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High January 13, 2017, 05:39:00 AM EDT By RTT News Shutterstock photo (RTTNews.com) - European stocks rebounded on Friday as Fiat Chrysler shares recovered from Thursday's slump and banks rallied ahead of earnings releases from three of the major U.S. banks due later in the day. Fed Chair Janet Yellen's comments on Thursday that the U.S. economy is facing no serious obstacles in the short term also buoyed investor sentiment on a light day on the economic front. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index was up 0.47 percent at 364.23 in late opening deals after declining 0.7 percent on Thursday to snap a two-day winning streak. The German DAX was moving up half a percent and France's CAC 40 index was gaining 0.6 percent. Shares of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles jumped 4 percent after tumbling as much as 16 percent the previous day as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency accused the company of using undeclared software to pass laboratory emissions tests. Daimler, Volkswagen, BMW, Renault and Peugeot climbed 1-2 percent on a weaker euro. Banks also traded broadly higher, with Commerzbank, Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas and Credit Agricole rising 1-2 percent. French media & entertainment firm Technicolor slumped 19 percent after issuing downbeat trading update for 2016. Drug makers AstraZeneca, Shire and Hikma Pharma rose over 1 percent each in London. Merck KGaA rose 1 percent in Frankfurt after announcing a partnership with Palantir giving the later a cut of Merck's resulting profits. Mitchells & Butlers Plc shares soared 5 percent as the British pub operator reported strong festive period sales across all brands. Grafton Group rallied 7 percent. In a trading update, the building materials and DIY group said its group revenue for the year to the end of December rose by 13 percent on a reported basis and by 10 percent in constant currencies. ITV shares rose over 2 percent after Goldman Sachs upgraded its outlook for the media sector to "attractive" from "neutral". Specialist building products distributor SIG soared 10 percent on reporting a 1.2 percent rise in group sales for the year to the end of December. Gold miner Fresnillo dropped 1.8 percent as gold prices fell from a seven-week high on dollar's strength. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com http://www.rttnews.com This article appears in: News Headlines Referenced Symbols: AZN , BMW , BNP , CRARY , CRZBY More from RTT News Subscribe European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound AEZS Disappoints, EVOK Gets New Lease Of Life, GNMX Calls For Attention Related stocks Articles Subscribe How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1/15/2017 08:02 PM 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution 1/15/2017 06:21 PM Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits 1/15/2017 06:08 PM See headlines for AZN Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Argentina sparks trade war by nationalizing YPF Eurozone risk grows as Spanish yields top 6 percent End of the euro as we know it End of a nuclear era in Japan helps push oil prices higher Mad Men 2.0: Advertising in the Digital Age Medical Marijuna, Inc. Investment AXIM(R) Biotech Receives Positive... Medical Marijuana, Inc. Subsidiary Kannaway® Announces Exclusive Red... TherapeuticsMD Announces Publication of Two Manuscripts on the... Rosenbaum Jay D. Buys Comcast Corp, Lowe's Companies Inc, The... The Pros and Cons Of Currency ETFs View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced AZN 60% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Manufacturing Issues Stall Tesaro Cancer Nausea Drug at FDA Frank Vinluan January 12th, 2017 @frankvinluan @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Boston —  Manufacturing problems have held back several drugs from FDA approval, and the latest example is a Tesaro drug developed to ease nausea and vomiting in cancer patients. Tesaro (NASDAQ: TSRO) said Thursday that the FDA raised no concerns about the safety or efficacy of its drug, rolapitant, nor did the regulator ask the Waltham, MA-based company to do more clinical studies for the intravenous drug. But the FDA is asking the company to provide more information about how the rolapitant produced at one third-party manufacturing site compares to the product produced at another third-party site. Tesaro says it is working to provide that information to the regulator. Investors took the news in stride and Tesaro shares were trading at $147.01 this morning, up 0.76 percent from Wednesday’s closing price. Rolapitant was developed to treat chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. While nausea is a problem experienced by many cancer patients who receive chemotherapy, Tesaro has plenty of company in trying to address this market. Merck’s (NYSE: MRK) aprepitant (Emend) is one of several drugs that treat the condition. The FDA approved Tesaro’s pill version of rolapitant (Varubi) in 2015. Tesaro said the FDA did not raise any concerns about the active pharmaceutical ingredient in the IV formulation, which is the same ingredient used in the rolapitant pill. Tesaro says it has identified “potential deficiencies” at the original contract manufacturer for its IV drug and it has lined up a second drug supplier. Information from this second supplier was included in the company’s application for FDA approval. Tesaro now says it expects that the FDA could issue an approval decision on its drug sometime in the first half of this year. A number of drug developers have made it through clinical trials only to fall short of FDA approval due to issues with the production of the drug. In 2014, Pozen, the former Chapel Hill, NC-based drug developer, cited manufacturing problems as the FDA’s reason for pushing back an approval decision on its aspirin combination drug for cardiovascular disease. Last October, Regeneron and partner Sanofi (NYSE: SNY) said that manufacturing issues delayed FDA approval on its experimental immune-disease treatment, sarilumab. Photo by Flickr user Joel Kramer via a Creative Commons license. Frank Vinluan is editor of Xconomy Raleigh-Durham, based in Research Triangle Park. You can reach him at fvinluan [at] xconomy.com Follow @frankvinluan Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME Tesaro Climbs on Phase 3 Data for Nausea Drug Tesaro Stock Sale Hauls in $409M on Heels of Strong Cancer Data Heron Gains FDA Support For Nausea Drug After A Year Under Review Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Notes From The JPM ’17 Vortex: Trump, Rainstorms & The Price You Pay Xerox’s PARC Gets A New CEO: Tolga Kurtoglu Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The 8 biggest challenges facing clinical trials today Explore the survey report of leading clinical professionals KNect365 Life Sciences The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money European Market Updates   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High 1/13/2017 5:39 AM ET European stocks rebounded on Friday as Fiat Chrysler shares recovered from Thursday's slump and banks rallied ahead of earnings releases from three of the major U.S. banks due later in the day. Fed Chair Janet Yellen's comments on Thursday that the U.S. economy is facing no serious obstacles in the short term also buoyed investor sentiment on a light day on the economic front. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index was up 0.47 percent at 364.23 in late opening deals after declining 0.7 percent on Thursday to snap a two-day winning streak. The German DAX was moving up half a percent and France's CAC 40 index was gaining 0.6 percent. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 was up 23 points or 0.32 percent at 7,315 in late opening deals, on track for its record 14th straight session of gains and its sixth straight weekly advance. Shares of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles jumped 4 percent after tumbling as much as 16 percent the previous day as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency accused the company of using undeclared software to pass laboratory emissions tests. Daimler, Volkswagen, BMW, Renault and Peugeot climbed 1-2 percent on a weaker euro. Banks also traded broadly higher, with Commerzbank, Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas and Credit Agricole rising 1-2 percent. French media & entertainment firm Technicolor slumped 19 percent after issuing downbeat trading update for 2016. Drug makers AstraZeneca, Shire and Hikma Pharma rose over 1 percent each in London. Merck KGaA rose 1 percent in Frankfurt after announcing a partnership with Palantir giving the later a cut of Merck's resulting profits. Mitchells & Butlers Plc shares soared 5 percent as the British pub operator reported strong festive period sales across all brands. Grafton Group rallied 7 percent. In a trading update, the building materials and DIY group said its group revenue for the year to the end of December rose by 13 percent on a reported basis and by 10 percent in constant currencies. ITV shares rose over 2 percent after Goldman Sachs upgraded its outlook for the media sector to "attractive" from "neutral". Specialist building products distributor SIG soared 10 percent on reporting a 1.2 percent rise in group sales for the year to the end of December. Gold miner Fresnillo dropped 1.8 percent as gold prices fell from a seven-week high on dollar's strength. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Market Analysis Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Previous Story Next Story European Market news European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Rebounds On US Optimism European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings European Markets Weaken In Reaction To Trump Statements European Shares Slide As Trump Offers Little Clarity FTSE 100 Snaps Winning Run As Pound Rises CAC 40 Retreats After Trump Remarks DAX Edges Lower On US Policy Uncertainty European Shares Poised For Subdued Start As Trump Speech Disappoints European Markets Finish Higher Despite Slow Start European Shares Rebound From Early Losses FTSE 100 Nudges Higher After Weak Start CAC 40 Retreats Ahead Of Trump Conference <<Previous        26 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary House Approves Resolution Setting Up Repeal Of Obamacare GOP Congressman Threatens To Subpoena Ethics Watchdog Critical Of Trump Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad U.S. Consumer Sentiment Unexpectedly Edges Lower In January India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes U.S. Producer Prices Rise 0.3% In December, Matching Estimates U.S. Retail Sales Growth Falls Just Short Of Estimates In December JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Trump Vows Full Report On Hacking Within 90 Days Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Wall Street On Slippery Grounds Wall Street Set To Open Higher Pending Trump's Speech Wall Street Eyes Greener Pastures European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Hong Kong Market May Snap Winning Streak Indonesia Shares May Extend Losing Streak Stocks May Give Back Ground In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks Close Higher Following Trump-Inspired Volatility - U.S. Commentary Stocks Close Modestly Lower But Well Off Worst Levels - U.S. Commentary Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Extend Slide; FTSE 100 Bucks Trend European Shares Seen Lower As Dollar Loses Further Ground Asian Shares Mixed As Oil Steadies DAX Holds Steady In Lackluster Trade; Banks Drag CAC 40 Gives Up Early Gains As Banks Retreat FTSE 100 Extends Winning Run As Pound Weakens European Shares Extend Slide; FTSE 100 Bucks Trend Sensex Rises 173 Points Despite Muted Global Cues; Nifty Nears 8300 Wall Street Eyes Greener Pastures Bay Street May Steady Along With Oil Prices -- Canadian Commentary Stocks May Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Choppy Trading May Persist On Wall Street Stocks Move Modestly Higher In Morning Trading - U.S. Commentary Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Wall Street falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New York, Jan 12:   The three major US stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of US President-elect Donald Trump’s economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500’s 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 per cent since the November 8 election. Trump had on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at US spy agencies and media companies for what he called a “phony” Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investmentstrategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. “Companies can’t buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we’re seeing a little bit of a gap down today,” said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute’s data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 per cent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 per cent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasda qComposite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 per cent, to5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 per cent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 per cent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. “The fact we’re still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody’s still pretty optimistic,” said McMillan. “The population is confident. They’re willing to spend and they’re making more money and able to spend. That's good news,’’ he said. The S&P’s healthcare sector ended up 0.07 per cent after tumbling 1 per cent in the previous daý’s session because of Trump’s comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 per cent increase for Merck and a 2.5 per cent increase for Eli Lilly after a US appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly’s top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 per cent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (This article was published on January 13, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Sensex ends marginally lower as IT stocks slump TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex ends marginally lower; IT, TECk stocks slump More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks BoFA-ML pegs Sensex target at 29,000 for 2017 Also estimates a double-digit growth rate at 12-14 per cent for earnings in the next fiscal. » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Wall St. falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty By Sinead Carew Reuters12 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas JacksonMore By Sinead Carew NEW YORK (Reuters) - The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phoney" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 <.SPX> dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index <.SPSY> finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector <.SPXHC> ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Kohli, Jadhav set up unbelievable chase for India AFP 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Meet Aunty 72: She Ran 500 Kms in 100 Days, Runs Mumbai Marathon Every Year, Will Inspire You Too! The Better India Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir bags Best Actor, Alia wins Best Actress India Today Meet U.P. 2017 poll candidate, 'Fakkad Baba', who has predicted his victory Ani Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Newbie Mom Shweta Tiwari Shares The First Picture Of Her Adorable Baby Boy Bollywoodshaadis.com A tribute to Indian Army Ani BEST DRESSED & WORST DRESSED At The Filmfare Awards 2017: Sonam, Alia, Jacqueline, Sonakshi Or Parineeti? Spotboye A Jaw-Dropping 18-Month 0% APR Card Is Here NextAdvisorSponsored 2017 Saturn Transit in Sagittarius - Know How This Major Transit Will Affect You Astroyogi 'One China' policy is 'non-negotiable': China tells Donald Trump Catch News Encounter between security forces, terrorists underway Ani Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored When she said YES! Abhishek reminisces about the moment he proposed to Aishwarya! PinkVilla.com Harbhajan and Geeta celebrate their daughter Hinaya Heer's 1st Lohri with this adorable selfie! PinkVilla.com Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 8:00 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business Baxter Healthcare News: Company Agrees To $18M Settlement For Sloppy Manufacturing Practices, Avoids Criminal Prosecution By Marcy Kreiter @marcykreiter On 01/12/17 AT 7:41 PM Close Baxter Healthcare Corp. agreed to pay more than $18 million to avoid criminal prosecution and resolve civil penalties for failure to following proper manufacturing procedures in production of sterile drug products at its North Carolina plant, the Justice Department said Thursday. The agreement includes $16 million in penalties and forfeiture, and $2.158 million in civil payments. Baxter was accused of shipping adulterated large volume sterile intravenous solutions from its North Cove plant in Marion, North Carolina. The solutions were supposed to be made in a clean room with high-efficiency particulate absorption filters in the ceiling. A criminal information filed Thursday alleged after an employee reported in July 2011 there was mold in the filter, manufacturing continued through November 2012 without the filter being changed. An inspection by the Food and Drug Administration found several species of mold. Justice said there was no evidence the mold had any impact on the solutions. Baxter admitted it distributed adulterated products and agreed to implement enhanced compliance provisions, including periodic certifications to the government regarding the implementation of the provisions. “Today’s settlement shows that the government will continue to hold companies accountable for failing to fulfill this critically important responsibility,” said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Benjamin C. Mizer, head of the Justice Department’s Civil Division. The $2.158 million in the civil settlement will go to the Department of Veterans Affairs under the False Claims Act. Christopher Wall, the Baxter employee who brought the situation to light in a whistle-blower suit, will receive $431,535.99 from the civil settlement. Related Stories Americans Turn Overseas For Affordable Medication Jury Orders Gilead To Pay $2.54B In Royalties To Merck Since January 2009, $31.4 billion has been recovered by the Justice Department through False Claims Act cases, with nearly $19.6 billion involving fraud against federal healthcare programs. The settlement still needs federal court approval. Failure to follow proper clean room protocols has had deadly results. Sixty-four people died and 800 were sickened in 2012 by a fungal meningitis outbreak as a result of sloppy manufacturing practices involving injectable steroids at the New England Compounding Center in Framingham, Massachusetts. Baxter Healthcare Corp. reached agreement with the Justice Department to settle charges it ignored good manufacturing standards at its North Carolina plant. Photo: Graham Horn/Creative Commons Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Finance Pauline Hanson gets Trump tickets Woman fined $311 for late pet registration Welfare mum ‘too pretty’ to work CIA warns Trump: ‘Be careful’ Shares to rise on open, dollar flat Finance news you need to know today Jobs that’ll make you rich in 2017 How to write a good cover letter business breaking news Wall St falls before earnings January 13, 20178:55am Reuters Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend The three major US stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of US President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 per cent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at US spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 per cent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 per cent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 per cent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 per cent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 per cent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 per cent after tumbling 1 per cent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 per cent increase for Merck and a 2.5 per cent increase for Eli Lilly after a US appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 per cent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. Jump back to top Right now in finance 2053Readers Retirement age in Australia: The generation that might have ... 1969Readers Marie Buchan: Mum of eight says she is ‘too beautiful’ to wo... 811Readers Knox Council pet registration: Melbourne woman fined $311, s... 576Readers Donald Trump: CIA director John Brennan warning on Russia 479Readers ABS labour force data no longer accurate finance breaking news 11:56IOT says strong interest in selfie drone 11:35Citi sees value in Crown Resorts 11:19Navarre sees potential in Stawell results 11:16Sirtex shares up and down after CEO axed 11:05Politics and the US reporting season Market Charts at 12:31PM AUS/ASIA USA EUROPEAN AUD/USD OIL Switch to Chart Points Change Percent Hang Seng 22937.38 0.0 0.0 ASX200 5749.7 +28.6 +0.5 All Ords 5804.9 +28.1 +0.49 Nikkei 19162.85 -124.43 -0.65 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent DJIA 0.0 0.0 � S&P 500 2274.64 +4.2 +0.18 S&P 100 575.64 -10.07 -1.72 NASDAQ 5574.12 +26.63 +0.48 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent CAC 40 4922.49 +58.52 +1.2 DAX 30 11629.18 +108.14 +0.94 FTSE 7337.81 +45.44 +0.62 Euro Top100 2860.86 +29.14 +1.03 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent AUD/USD 0.932 +0.0 +0.2 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent Oil 52.37 -0.64 -1.21 More Markets Stock Quotes A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall St. falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall St. falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. Posted 13 Jan 2017 00:20 Updated 13 Jan 2017 05:50 A Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) navy personnel stands guard on their Jiangkai II class vessel, CNS Yulin, during a display of warships ahead of the IMDEX Asia maritime defence exhibition at Changi Naval Base in Singapore May 18, 2015. REUTERS/Edgar Su Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Wall St falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jan 12, 2017 | 4:36pm EST US STOCKS-Wall St falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty (Updates to close, adds commentary) * Financials off with bond yields day before big banks' 4th-qtr reports * Merck, Eli Lilly boost health sector * Indexes down: Dow 0.32 pct, S&P 500 0.21 pct, Nasdaq 0.29 pct By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 12 The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) Next In Market News US insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK, Jan 15 Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. MIDEAST STOCKS - Factors to watch - Jan 15 DUBAI, Jan 15 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Sunday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy. UPDATE 2-On sensitive U.S. stopover, Taiwan leader connects to Twitter SAN FRANCISCO, Jan 14 Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, carving a careful diplomatic path on her stopovers in the United States, visited the headquarters of micro-messaging service Twitter Inc on Saturday and reactivated an old account. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty By Reuters Published: 16:39 EST, 12 January 2017 | Updated: 16:39 EST, 12 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 12 (Reuters) - The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Cancer Immunotherapy Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 12, 2017, 15:56 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Overview The growing incidences of cancer and a need to treat them is the key driver of the global immunotherapy market. The number of deaths occurring due to cancer is increasing every year and has therefore forced government bodies to take initiatives for the improvement of the health conditions of people, by investing heavily in research and development and enabling innovation and advancements in technology so as to offer improved treatments. This has pushed the growth of the global cancer immunotherapy therapy. As immunotherapy therapy has a higher success rate and proven efficiency over conventional treatment methods for cancer, its demand is higher and therefore, the market is expected to witness a remarkable growth over the coming years. The treatment pipeline looks promising and is thus, expected to ensure a healthy growth of the market. The report offers forecasts of the overall cancer immunotherapy market over the global level as well as on regional levels. The estimated size of each of the segments and sub-segments has also been given in the report. Macroeconomic indicators, drivers, and restraints impacting the global cancer immunotherapy market have been included along with their impact on each region. Current challenges met by players in the cancer immunotherapy market have been elaborated on, thus giving a brief idea to readers and investors the problems they may encounter while investing in the competitive market. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Trends and Drivers The global cancer immunotherapy market is expected to hold promising growth as there lies immense scope for improvement and development. The increasing number of clinical trials held particularly in immunotherapy is expected to boost the market's growth. With the recognition from various medical bodies as the foremost line of therapy over conventional chemotherapy, cancer immunotherapy is estimated to hold immense potential and growth opportunity in the coming years. However, factors such as high attrition rates during product development phase are anticipated to restrict the growth of the market. Also, an overall lack of awareness about immunotherapy being a better treatment option will impede the growth of the market. The high cost of clinical trials poses a challenge for players in the market. With many types and subtypes of cancer, having a single mode of treatment method is impossible, increasing the attrition rates of new drugs and treatments. Only a handful of contenders in the pipeline pass through the phase III trials and the rest are considered to be inefficient. This is yet another challenge faced by players in the market. Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Segmentation On the basis of therapeutic area, the market is segmented into colorectal cancer, lung cancer, breast cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, and blood cancer. By end users, the global cancer immunotherapy market is segmented into ASC's (ambulatory surgical centers), hospitals, clinics, and cancer research centers. Hospitals are expected to be the leading segment in the market. On the basis of region, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. Asia Pacific is poised to witness significant growth in the market. Key Players Mentioned in this Report are: The report provides studies key players operating in the market. Some of the key players in the global cancer immunotherapy market are: F.Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., AstraZenca Plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Amgen, Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Sanofi, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The report segments the global cancer immunotherapy market as: By Geography: North America Asia Pacific Europe Rest of the World This report gives you access to decisive data such as: Market growth drivers Factors limiting market growth Current market trends Market structure Market projections for the coming years Key highlights of this report Overview of key market forces propelling and restraining market growth Up-to-date analyses of market trends and technological improvements Pin-point analyses of market competition dynamics to offer you a competitive edge An analysis of strategies of major competitors An array of graphics and SWOT analysis of major industry segments Detailed analyses of industry trends A well-defined technological growth map with an impact-analysis Offers a clear understanding of the competitive landscape and key product segments Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04603766-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cancer-immunotherapy-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300390547.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Jan 12, 2017, 15:58 ET Preview: Global Market Study on Bio-Tech Flavors: Vanilla & Vanillin Flavor Type Segment Projected to Be the Most Prominent Segment over the Forecast Period Jan 12, 2017, 15:55 ET Preview: Oil and Gas Terminal Automation Market: Software Segment Anticipated to Dominate the Global Market Throughout the Forecast Period: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 16:04 ETSimulation and Test Data Management Market: North America Region... Jan 12, 2017, 16:02 ETHealth and Fitness Market Report - Focus on Clubs and Equipment -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Cancer Immunotherapy Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 12, 2017, 15:56 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall St. falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall St. falls before earnings and on US policy uncertainty The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. Posted 13 Jan 2017 00:20 Updated 13 Jan 2017 05:50 A Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) navy personnel stands guard on their Jiangkai II class vessel, CNS Yulin, during a display of warships ahead of the IMDEX Asia maritime defence exhibition at Changi Naval Base in Singapore May 18, 2015. REUTERS/Edgar Su Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St falls ahead of earnings and on uncertainty about Trump policies By Reuters Published: 15:37 EST, 12 January 2017 | Updated: 15:37 EST, 12 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew Jan 12 (Reuters) - The three major U.S. stock indexes declined on Thursday as investors awaited fourth-quarter earnings and details of President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy, bringing a pause to a rally driven by his campaign promises of lower taxes and fiscal stimulus. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but three of the S&P 500's eleven sectors were still down, with the financial sector leading the decline a day ahead of its first major earnings reports. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the election of Donald Trump as president. Trump on Wednesday gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending in his first news conference since the election. He instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but he noted that the dip could be temporary if earnings are better than expected. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. At 3 PM ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 61.13 points, or 0.31 percent, at 19,893.15, the S&P 500 5.4 points, or 0.24 percent, lower at 2,269.92 and the Nasdaq Composite off 20.68 points, or 0.37 percent, at 5,542.97. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its S&P's financial index was down 0.7 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. The telecommunications and real estate sectors were the best performers with 0.7 and 0.3 percent increases, respectively, as so-called bond substitute sectors reacted to changes in yields. The S&P's healthcare sector clung to a 0.08 percent increase after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session. The index was helped by a 1.4 percent increase for Merck after multiple broker upgrades and a 2.9 percent increase for Eli Lilly after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd from selling a generic equivalent of its top-selling lung cancer drug. Microsoft fell 1 percent and Apple dropped 0.6 percent, making them the biggest drags on the S&P. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.54-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, a 1.97-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted nine 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 51 new highs and 20 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Steve Orlofsky) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 12, 2017, 13:18 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Jan. 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Overview This report on hospital acquired infection treatment, studies the current as well as future prospects of the market globally. Hospital infections are also referred to as healthcare-associated infections (HAIs), or nosocomial infections or hospital-acquired infection (HAIs). HAIs can be defined as those infections that occur in patients when they are admitted to a hospital or any other health-care facility with which they were not suffering from at the time of their admission. Hospital acquired infection also includes those infections that are acquired in the hospital but appear after the discharge of the patient, as well as the occupational infections among hospital staff. Several antimicrobial drugs have proven their effectiveness in treating a range of hospital infections that are globally prevalent at present. Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Research Methodologies The report is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts, with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via e-mail. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various national and international databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn for each segment for the period from 2016 to 2024, considering the macro and micro-environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the hospital acquired infection treatment market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, expenditure, and regulatory requirements. The market overview section of the report includes qualitative analysis of the overall hospital acquired infection treatment market including the determining factors and market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, market trends and opportunities, along with white space analysis. In addition, market attractiveness analysis by country, isotopic application and end-user along with competitive landscape by key players have been provided which explain the intensity of competition in the market considering different geographical locations. The competitive scenario between market players has been evaluated through market share analysis. These factors would help the market players take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and increase their shares in the global market. Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Scope of the Study The market for hospital acquired infection treatment is segmented into antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal treatment and other treatment. Antibacterial treatment segment is expected to be most attractive segment during the forecast period. Increased consumption of antibiotics globally is fueling the growth of this segment. The hospital infection therapeutics market is also segmented on the basis of infection types, which includes urinary tract infections, hospital-acquired pneumonia, bloodstream infections, surgical site infections and other infections. Urinary tract infection is among the most common hospital acquired infection affecting millions of people worldwide which shows high CAGR during the forecast period. The retail pharmacies segment accounted for the major share of global hospital acquired infection treatment market. Increasing healthcare awareness and development of new antibiotics due to completion in key players is driving demand for the segment. Geographically, the hospital infection therapeutics market has been categorized into five regions namely, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East & Africa. Asia Pacific has the highest growth rate and is expected to overtake Europe in the future. The major factor responsible for high growth rate are rapidly increasing prevalence of hospital-acquired infections in the region, due to unhygienic conditions and improper sterilization treatment. The market size and forecast for each of these regions has been provided for the period 2016 to 2024. Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market: Competitive Landscape A list of recommendations has been provided for new entrants as well as existing market players to help them establish a strong presence in the market and increase their share. The report also profiles major players of the hospital acquired infection treatment market on the basis of various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio and recent developments. Some of the major players profiled in this report include Abbott , AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Cepheid, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc., and Cipla Inc., Astellas Pharma Inc., Aridis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Daiichi Sankyo, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. The Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market is segmented as follows: Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market, by Infection Type Urinary Tract Infections Ventilator Associated Pneumonia Surgical Site Infections Bloodstream Infections Other Hospital Infections (Gastrointestinal Infection, ENT Infections, Skin Infection and Bone Infection) Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market, by Treatment Antibacterial Treatment Beta-Lactams Quinolones Vancomycin Other Antiviral Treatment Acyclovir Foscarnet Antifungal Treatment Amphotericin B Triazoles Other (Antiparasitic, Antiprotozoal and Anti TB Treatment) Global Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market, by Distribution Channel Hospital Pharmacies Retail Pharmacies Drug Store E-Commerce Other Hospital Infection Therapeutics Market, by Geography North America Europe Asia-Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04603760-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hospital-acquired-infection-treatment-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300390349.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Jan 12, 2017, 13:19 ET Preview: Ayurvedic Market Analysis & Trends - Healthcare Products (Ayurvedic Nutraceuticals, Ayurvedic Medicines), Personal Care Products (Skin Care, Oral Care, Hair Care & Fragrances), Distribution Channel (Internet Retailing, Supermarkets) - Forecast to 20 Jan 12, 2017, 13:17 ET Preview: Head-Up Displays : Fixed, Wearable, and Augmented Reality Displays for Automotive, Aerospace, Maritime, and Wearable Applications: Global Market Analysis and Forecasts My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 16:04 ETSimulation and Test Data Management Market: North America Region... Jan 12, 2017, 16:02 ETHealth and Fitness Market Report - Focus on Clubs and Equipment -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Hospital Acquired Infection Treatment Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 12, 2017, 13:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing Market 2016 Geographical Segmentation, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this ma (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 12, 2017 ) Contract manufacturing involves outsourcing manufacturing products to organizations, which helps the organizations offer the same services at a relatively lower cost. Typically, in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors, the sourcing companies seek contract manufacturing services to restructure their resource deployment toward high skill areas such as R&D and marketing. Contract manufacturing has potential growth opportunities in emerging countries such as India and China. Publisher's analysts forecast the global pharmaceutical contract manufacturing market to grow at a CAGR of 6.91% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-pharmaceutical-contract-manufacturing-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global pharmaceutical contract manufacturing market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from various pharmaceutical drug manufacturing outsourcing activities. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Catalent -Lonza -Pfizer CentreOne Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462889/sample . Other prominent vendors -Abbott -Aenova -Amgen -Apotex -Aspen -AstraZeneca -Aurobindo Pharma -Baxter -BERLIN-CHEMIE -Biocon -Biogen -Boehringer Ingelheim -Celltrion -Cipla -Coherus Biosciences -Daiichi Sankyo -Dr. Reddy's Laboratories -Eli Lilly -Emcure Pharmaceuticals -Eurofarma Laboratories -Fareva -Gedeon Richter -Gilead Sciences -GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) -Hospira -Impax Laboratories -Intas Pharmaceuticals -Janssen Pharmaceuticals -Lupin -Merck -Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma -Momenta Pharmaceuticals -Natco Pharma -Nexus Pharmaceuticals -Novo Nordisk -Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals -Par Pharmaceutical -Parenteral Drugs India -Patheon -Piramal -Roche Holding -Sanofi -Synthon -Teva Pharmaceuticals -Valeant Pharmaceuticals -Zentiva -Zhejiang Huahai Pharmaceutical -Zydus Cadila Market driver -High number of US FDA-approved manufacturing facilities in emerging countries. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Capacity utilization issues and lack of information integration. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Huge demand for next-generation biologics. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462889/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health VT Cancer Foundation Forum RSS Feed Newsletter Sign-Up Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT LIve & Net Radio YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Government & Politics Civil Liberties & Freedom Corruption Democracy & Elections Foreign Policy Legislation Veterans Administration (VA) History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Food, Wine & Travel Charities, Giving & Foundations Economy & Business Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) PTSD Heroes Of Interest Education Environment Humor Peace, Causes & Activism Religion Veteran Service Organizations (VSO's) Media Military WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Editorial Board-Staff VT Writers Book Store Custom Weapons Official Store Apps Polls Job Center Contact Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search The Dodgy Dossier A World in Disarray: American Foreign Policy and the Crisis of the Old Order US ‘Only Interested’ in Independent Kurdistan Due to Oil, But It Comes at a Cost ‘Israel prefers to support Al Qaeda over Hezbollah’ Media Shuns Paris Conference While Israel Orchestrates Demonstrations Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Trump-Russia Scandal: Constitutional Crisis Brewing? Or World War III ? Trump reveals details on his Russia policy ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board View Latest Posts >>> Overpriced: Trump Wipes $24.6 Bln Off Drug and Biotech Stocks in 20 Minutes By GPD on January 12, 2017 During his press conference on Wednesday, the US President-elect Donald Trump said US medicines are made overseas and are too expensive, and proper bidding could help lower the costs, provoking a selloff in big pharma and biotech stocks.  ___________ Sputnik: US big pharma suffered a major hit during Wednesday’s press conference of the President-elect Donald Trump, who blasted drugmakers for making their product overseas and subsequently importing it, and vowed to introduce proper bidding procedures in order to curb drug prices and “save billions.” Biotech and drugmaker stocks slumped in the immediate aftermath of these remarks, reflecting the market perception of the big pharma as artificially overpriced. Pharmaceutical and biotech equities crashed on Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump blasted the “big pharma” lobbying practices as artificially driving prices and supporting vicious foreign trade patterns. “They’re getting away with murder,” Trump said. “Pharma has a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power and there is very little bidding. We’re the largest buyer of drugs in the world and yet we don’t bid properly and we’re going to save billions of dollars.” The US government, Trump said, is paying much more for medicines than the open market price would be, therefore, transparent bidding is vital in order to counter the powerful pharma lobbies. Subsequently, the market sentiment shifted toward expectations of lower biotech and drug industry premiums down the road, resulting in a selloff in related stocks. “Our drug industry has been disastrous, they’re leaving left and right,” Trump said. “They supply our drugs but they don”t make them here, to a large extent.” Obamacare, Trump said, must be repealed and replaced “essentially simultaneously.” The iShares Nasdaq Biotech exchange-traded fund (ETF) plunged 4pc in its biggest one-day decline in three months. S&P Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences Index dipped 1.7pc “When the president-elect says we’re going to negotiate drug pricing, you have to take that seriously, but at the same this is a complicated issue because there’s not going to be clarity on drug pricing reform anytime soon,” Brad Loncar of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF said. “When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it.” Initially, when Trump was still a candidate for the US presidency, he was perceived as pharma industry champion, and his most recent remarks align him with Congress Democrats in a way, who, however, tend to favour tougher administrative regulation rather than proper and transparent competitive bidding. Trump might have become disgruntled with select industries doing business with the US government most recently because of high costs of their services to US taxpayers, and President-elect is committed to cut the expenses of the federal government as part of his fiscal strategy. During the 20 minutes of Trump’s press conference, big pharma lost some $24.6 bln out of its aggregate market value of $906.8 bln. In particular, equities of Celgene dropped 3.5pc on Wednesday afternoon; Johnson & Johnson retreated 1.61pc; Bristol-Myers dropped 5.5pc; Pfizer declined by 2.75pc; Amgen slid 2.27pc; AbbVie lost 4.2pc; Gilead shed 2.3pc; and Eli Lilly tumbled 2.6pc. Shares of the Kenilworth, NJ-based Merck & Co., Inc were surprisingly up 1.67pc because of the news of the Food and Drug Administration having decided to speed up their review of Merck’s proposed lung-cancer medicine. Previously, Trump criticised defence enterprises for overcharging the US government, including the highly publicised story focusing on Air Force One, dubbed by Trump as “too expensive.” During the press conference on Wednesday, Trump mentioned Lockheed Martin, Ford, and United Technologies amongst the companies whose business practices are harmful to the US economic interests, mainly, in the form of consumer goods being produced overseas and subsequently imported into the US. The drug industry, on its part, has greatly benefitted from the Obamacare reform, which attracted more funds out of Americans’ pockets into the sphere of medical services. The bloated budget spending of the past eight years has also resulted in significant redistribution of wealth towards the well-connected Washington lobbies, with pharma being among the biggest. Despite his critical stance on the issue of drug prices, and the cautious support from the Democrats, including the now-again-independent Bernie Sanders, Trump is still seen by big pharma as good news. The S&P Biotech Index is still 9pc above its election day level. “We look forward to working with the new administration and Congress to advance proactive, practical solutions to improve the marketplace and make it more responsive to the needs of patients,” Stephen Ubl of Washington-based Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) said. ___________ Related Posts: Trump reveals details on his Russia policy Mattis Dumps Trump on Israeli Capitol Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? Russian Hacking – No Big Deal NEO – Five American Diplomats Trump Can Reset Détente With The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on January 12, 2017, With 2322 Reads Filed under Government & Politics. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 9 Responses to "Overpriced: Trump Wipes $24.6 Bln Off Drug and Biotech Stocks in 20 Minutes" LC  January 12, 2017 at 10:10 pm $$$$$ 250 billion dump could’ve been better::::: Stocks are worthless lottery tickets fooling the steeple as investments. They ain’t NO investments!!!!! Drops like that show they’re scams Dump all stocks if you have any folks Log in to Reply stonehillady  January 12, 2017 at 2:52 pm Who allowed Big Pharma to advertise on TV, their advertising budget could pay the debt of some of our smaller states. It’s outrageous what Americans put up with when it comes to false advertising, after when most of these drugs side effects, which they do claim, is organ failure and death. They should ban advertising like they did tobacco and most booze. Stop the advertising, since when do you tell your Dr., hey look, I saw this drug on TV, can I try it ? These Big Pharma Companies are worse then drug pushers on some sleazy downtown corner. End the ads, lower the prices, let the Dr.’s decide, what they want to prescribe. Log in to Reply tonto  January 12, 2017 at 1:43 pm This is very good news… Log in to Reply JohnZ  January 12, 2017 at 1:13 pm Pig Pharma actually pays people to drum up phony illnesses and diseases using abbreviations to scare people into buying their dangerous drugs. The FDA, completely corrupted by pig pharma has signed off on many of these worthless drugs, many of them cause more harm than good. It’s all about profit, profit, profit. Meanwhile America has the most expensive healthcare system in the world while producing the least results. Time for a reboot. As for the loss of pharma shares on Wall St.? who gives a crap! Log in to Reply Andrew_Bukanov(Russia)  January 12, 2017 at 12:51 pm + Log in to Reply Peter Johnson  January 12, 2017 at 11:56 am You people over there should nationalise your health service. When I lived in the US our health insurance (Blue Cross Blue Shield) was 160p a month for a family of five — two young healthy adults and three healthy little kids. No-one needed anything on a regular basis. Here in England the healthcare is F.R.E.E. and is far far far beyond Blue Cross Blue Shield in the US. It also costs about a third of the thenper capita healthcare in the US where many people have no health care and others have to make sure they don’t take any risks with their employment because they need the health benefits Log in to Reply wjabbe  January 12, 2017 at 11:09 am Most real estate in New York is also overpriced too. You hardly read about the cheapest piece of junk there for less than $1 million. Who in their right mind would pay millions of dollars to buy a condo in a tall building like Trump Tower? Image if a fire broke out. How would you escape? Why they do not even put exterior stairs for fire escapes on these dangerous fire traps any more do they? I don’t care how carefully they are constructed, electrical or other types of fires can happen and most furnishings are quite flammable and give off horrible fumes too. Many of the windows do not even open. The higher up you are the harder it is to get down in an emergency. I bet most of these owners do not even have a plan of escape should a fire break out. When I travel I only stay at motels in a ground floor room. Even then you could die in a fire. New York is a price inflated cesspool fire trap. Just think of what would happen if real estate prices there dropped to what most people can afford? What would the poor rich elitist snobs do for money? Log in to Reply joetv  January 12, 2017 at 10:48 am Any super large short sale positions cashed? Log in to Reply joetv  January 12, 2017 at 10:47 am The totally fabricated Zika threat was promoted and, used to extort how much R&D money from the US tax payer$? Oh, don’t forget to get your flu shot. Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments The Dodgy Dossier A World in Disarray: American Foreign Policy and the Crisis of the Old Order US ‘Only Interested’ in Independent Kurdistan Due to Oil, But It Comes at a Cost ‘Israel prefers to support Al Qaeda over Hezbollah’ Media Shuns Paris Conference While Israel Orchestrates Demonstrations Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Trump-Russia Scandal: Constitutional Crisis Brewing? Or World War III ? Trump reveals details on his Russia policy Mattis Dumps Trump on Israeli Capitol Tapes show Netanyahu hesitant to cross Sheldon Adelson Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? Why Did the Al-Jazeera Expose Fail? YRTW No 89 and 90 Breakout! Nuclear Radiation Down – Again! What’s Up? The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming! Pakistan: Uproar over Missing bloggers Syrian War Report – January 13, 2017: Israel Strikes Airport Near Damascus Russian Hacking – No Big Deal Syria, Turkey, Russia To Coordinate Counter-Terrorism Efforts In Northern Syria? China, Russia Agree to Counter US Anti-Missile System Syrian Army warns Israel it will respond after military airport bombed near Damascus Trump Presidency Stillbirth: McCain, Intel Chiefs Say “Trump Owned” (updated) (9818) ESSENTIAL READING: The Zionist plan for the Middle East (7052) Vladimir Putin: Pedophilia Is Essentially Satanic (6915) NATO: Russia is making us look really bad (5089) Syrian Army warns Israel it will respond after military airport bombed near Damascus (4921) Who Forced Russia to Intervene in Syria? (4247) The Nasty Truth About Yemen (4184) Triumph in the Sky: Russia Blankets Syria With S-300, S-400 Air Defense Network (3914) New Cold War: Israel Seeks Revenge (3877) The Plot Against Britain… (3858) Khalid Talaat: The Dodgy Dossier Edward Longshanks: Trump-Russia Scandal: Constitutional Crisis Brewing? Or World War III ? Edward Longshanks: Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Edward Longshanks: Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Khalid Talaat: Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? LC: Trump Presidency Stillbirth: McCain, Intel Chiefs Say “Trump Owned” (updated) Edward Longshanks: Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Edward Longshanks: Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again Khalid Talaat: Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? Edward Longshanks: Media Shuns Paris Conference While Israel Orchestrates Demonstrations VT Readers Poll Do you support an independent investigation into Russia hacking of USA election? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Johnson Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood Personal Finance View all Commit to Fifteen Minutes of Financial Literacy a Day to Get Your Finances in Order Commit to Fifteen Minutes of Financial Literacy a Day to Get Your Finances in Order Broke? Here are five tips to boost your finances Resolve to replace your bad financial habits National News View all American Legion backs VA on disability claims on toxic waste exposure American Legion backs VA on disability claims on toxic waste exposure U.S. veterans exposed to tainted water at Marine base to get benefits Southern Utah veterans cemetery being considered Foundation News View all Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Meet Veterans Today Cancer Foundation Executive Director Jacquie Salinas Cancer Care for Our Veterans VA Research on Cancer Career News View all Return The Favor: Veterans Take Up Farming Return The Favor: Veterans Take Up Farming New Detroit, Grand Rapids veterans homes carry $108 million price tag Acumen, LLC Joins HireVeterans.com! Network News View all VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN Esteemed Broadcaster Dan Yaseen Joins VT VT Thanks Readers While Reviewing 2016 and Updates for 2017   Listen Live Radio TV Video Mexico Gas Crisis Hands Trump Commanding Leverage Short End of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest RAG RADIO: ‘Celebrating The Rag’ and how Austin became weird! Short End of The Stick with Mike Harris: Alex Powers is the guest Israel: One State Solution “Forced LIVE Organ Harvesting in China” TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH From Veterans Today Network Updated: Syrian Special Forces captured 14 US Coalition officers captured in Aleppo The Coming War on Pedophilia? UPDATED: Turkish Intel Murders Russian Ambassador in Ankara, in Erdogan False Flag Ploy What really happened to Hitler and the Third Reich Nazi High Command? Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) A Storm Is Coming The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Trump Presidency Stillbirth: McCain, Intel Chiefs Say “Trump Owned” (updated) Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World Berlin Terror Attack: The Only Option for Israel? CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Syria officially reveals data about foreign Intel officers in Aleppo Vladimir Putin: Pedophilia Is Essentially Satanic Alex Jones Explodes in Blubbering Rage at Mere Mention of My Name BOMBSHELL! Kissinger explains why neocons (not Russia) hacked the election for Trump CNN sympathizes with Ankara assassin UFOs and the Secret German Space Program The Khazarian Mafia and their marionettes want to rule the world Qatari princess having sex with seven men Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia ESSENTIAL READING: The Zionist plan for the Middle East Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial NEO – Happy New Year Donbass, from Killer John McCain and Co. Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Israel spy satellite discovers secret Russian missile cache in Syria Christmas Myth: Was Jesus Jewish? SpaceX finds cause of explosion that destroyed Israeli satellite The role of the Spetsnaz in the liberation of Aleppo BREAKING: Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooting; Awaiting Trump’s inane response by Tweet The Silent Coup: Putin vs. the Oligarchs Vladimir Putin morally and intellectually humiliates Satanist Masha Gessen again Russia and UN Condemn Trump on Israel and it won’t go away Sandy Hook Hoax: How we know it didn’t happen Trump and the Red Menace, Is Russia the Target? DealDash a Scam? 90% OFF or Rip-Off? Syrian Army warns Israel it will respond after military airport bombed near Damascus NATO: Russia is making us look really bad Zio-Gladio strikes Europe! Berlin suspect, NATO auditor shot dead Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) Bibi sweating a ‘midnight surprise’ as the UN before Obama leaves And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. Trump’s Nazi Supporters Aghast as Mossad Chief Joins Trump Transition Team Kill Them All Who Forced Russia to Intervene in Syria? Washington Post: We lied about Russian operation hacking the US American Insanity: Time to End Billions of Taxpayer Monies Sent to Fund Crazy 19th Century Zionist Dreams Mainstream Media Confirm Dalai Lama is A CIA Asset Russia tells Assad there is no ‘military solution’ for Syria Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video VT Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Policy | Job Board | Job News | Money | Forums | Net Radio | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Veterans Today Cancer Foundation | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share DAX Edges Lower On US Policy Uncertainty 1/12/2017 4:49 AM ET German shares fell notably in early deals Thursday, with U.S. President-Elect Donald Trump's warning to the drug industry and his comments about making Mexico pay for a border wall weighing on markets. The benchmark DAX was down 62 points or 0.54 percent at 11,583 in opening deals, reflecting investor disappointment at Trump's first press conference since winning the presidential election in November. Meanwhile, investors ignored a government report, which showed that the German economy expanded at the fastest pace in five years in 2016. GDP grew 1.9 percent in 2016 after expanding 1.7 percent in 2015. Deutsche Telekom, Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius, Merck and Siemens were among the worst performing stocks. Volkswagen slid half a percent after it agreed to a $4.3 billion deal with U.S. regulators over its 2015 diesel emissions scandals. Shares of Hella KGaA Hueck & Co., a supplier of lighting technology and electronic products for the automotive industry, rose over 1 percent after announcing solid first-half earnings results. Sugar producer Südzucker rallied 3 percent after lifting its FY operating result outlook. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher Following Earnings News, Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Sensex, Nifty Snap Three-day Winning Streak European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Rebounds On US Optimism Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Sensex, Nifty Marginally Higher In Early Trade Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Cautious Trades <<Previous        116 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out04:50 GMT +316 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Overpriced: Trump Wipes $24.6 Bln Off Drug and Biotech Stocks in 20 Minutes © AP Photo/ Matt Rourke Business 19:13 12.01.2017Get short URL 45570291 During his press conference on Wednesday, the US President-elect Donald Trump said US medicines are made overseas and are too expensive, and proper bidding could help lower the costs, provoking a selloff in big pharma and biotech stocks. © AFP 2016/ SAUL LOEB US Senate Votes 51-48 on Budget Resolution to Repeal ObamacareKristian Rouz – US big pharma suffered a major hit during Wednesday's press conference of the President-elect Donald Trump, who blasted drugmakers for making their product overseas and subsequently importing it, and vowed to introduce proper bidding procedures in order to curb drug prices and "save billions." Biotech and drugmaker stocks slumped in the immediate aftermath of these remarks, reflecting the market perception of the big pharma as artificially overpriced. Pharmaceutical and biotech equities crashed on Wednesday after President-elect Donald Trump blasted the "big pharma" lobbying practices as artificially driving prices and supporting vicious foreign trade patterns. "They're getting away with murder," Trump said. "Pharma has a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power and there is very little bidding. We're the largest buyer of drugs in the world and yet we don't bid properly and we're going to save billions of dollars." The US government, Trump said, is paying much more for medicines than the open market price would be, therefore, transparent bidding is vital in order to counter the powerful pharma lobbies. Subsequently, the market sentiment shifted toward expectations of lower biotech and drug industry premiums down the road, resulting in a selloff in related stocks. "Our drug industry has been disastrous, they're leaving left and right," Trump said. "They supply our drugs but they don"t make them here, to a large extent." Obamacare, Trump said, must be repealed and replaced "essentially simultaneously." The iShares Nasdaq Biotech exchange-traded fund (ETF) plunged 4pc in its biggest one-day decline in three months. S&P Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences Index dipped 1.7pc "When the president-elect says we're going to negotiate drug pricing, you have to take that seriously, but at the same this is a complicated issue because there's not going to be clarity on drug pricing reform anytime soon," Brad Loncar of the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF said. "When somebody that high profile says something that negative, people do not want to invest in it." © AFP 2016/ MANDEL NGAN US Voters Want Obamacare Repealed With Concrete Replacement - PollInitially, when Trump was still a candidate for the US presidency, he was perceived as pharma industry champion, and his most recent remarks align him with Congress Democrats in a way, who, however, tend to favour tougher administrative regulation rather than proper and transparent competitive bidding. Trump might have become disgruntled with select industries doing business with the US government most recently because of high costs of their services to US taxpayers, and President-elect is committed to cut the expenses of the federal government as part of his fiscal strategy. During the 20 minutes of Trump's press conference, big pharma lost some $24.6 bln out of its aggregate market value of $906.8 bln. In particular, equities of Celgene dropped 3.5pc on Wednesday afternoon; Johnson & Johnson retreated 1.61pc; Bristol-Myers dropped 5.5pc; Pfizer declined by 2.75pc; Amgen slid 2.27pc; AbbVie lost 4.2pc; Gilead shed 2.3pc; and Eli Lilly tumbled 2.6pc. Shares of the Kenilworth, NJ-based Merck & Co., Inc were surprisingly up 1.67pc because of the news of the Food and Drug Administration having decided to speed up their review of Merck's proposed lung-cancer medicine. © AP Photo/ Jon Elswick Obama Vows to Publicly Support Healthcare System if Better Than ObamacarePreviously, Trump criticised defence enterprises for overcharging the US government, including the highly publicised story focusing on Air Force One, dubbed by Trump as "too expensive." During the press conference on Wednesday, Trump mentioned Lockheed Martin, Ford, and United Technologies amongst the companies whose business practices are harmful to the US economic interests, mainly, in the form of consumer goods being produced overseas and subsequently imported into the US. The drug industry, on its part, has greatly benefitted from the Obamacare reform, which attracted more funds out of Americans' pockets into the sphere of medical services. The bloated budget spending of the past eight years has also resulted in significant redistribution of wealth towards the well-connected Washington lobbies, with pharma being among the biggest. Despite his critical stance on the issue of drug prices, and the cautious support from the Democrats, including the now-again-independent Bernie Sanders, Trump is still seen by big pharma as good news. The S&P Biotech Index is still 9pc above its election day level. "We look forward to working with the new administration and Congress to advance proactive, practical solutions to improve the marketplace and make it more responsive to the needs of patients," Stephen Ubl of Washington-based Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) said. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 291 Related: 'Trump is Pro-US and Will Defend His Country's Interests' - Moscow BuzzFeed's Response to Trump's 'Pile of Garbage' Remarks? Bumper Stickers Trump: US Intel Chief Clapper Refutes 'Made-Up, Phony' Memos Tags: drug, Obamacare, pharmaceutics, NASDAQ, Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply cast235 20:34 12.01.2017 | 4 | Edit | Delete The Pharma is very bad with U.S citizens. Why they LOBBY.... First they want to offset loses. Countries like China India can make the same drugs ultra cheap. So this is the NASTY congressmen deal. They Allow people to pay a premium , for drugs that somewhere else are cheap. Who discovered this? Congress. And did NOTHING!! There was once, anyone can find old articles, what was called the Canadian connection. Not mafia NO. ' Was that people could buy in Canada , ONLINE meds and get them inside U.S. Why they did this? A pill that was ..example, 45.00 U.S dollars each, you could buy it for maybe 3 to 10 dollars!!!! Congress went FURIOUS about it. Oh I found tapes, they were so mad, that went like the Russophobia hacking. The pharma was called in. The ONLY way to keep GLOBALIZED was to MILK U.S citizens, for the exact same pills, by same manufacturer. China, and others were selling the same pills that were 45.00 U.S at 2 U.S in Canada. This , forced the PHARMA to cut the price. However, they MUST make the dough, or they out of business. So the loses are added to pharma used by U.S Citizens. The civilians bail out the pharma companies, to keep GLOBALISM alive hoping one day it be possible to MAKE IN U.S. WAIT, until TRUMP HIT a TOE with this issue.,...OUCH!!! Reply FightForTruthin reply tocast235(Show commentHide comment) 21:08 12.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete cast235 for FDA top Advisor/Liason position. *applause* Reply Igor 22:38 12.01.2017 | 2 | Edit | Delete Sounds like president Trump is taking the 'bull by the horns'. It is about time. Wake up America.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 04:31Chinese Museum Demands Return of Sculptures From US University Collection 03:56US Churches Prepare to Become Sanctuaries If Trump Keeps Deportation Promises 03:45Japan Considers Launching Visa-Free Air Travel Between Hokkaido, Southern Kurils 03:28Paris Peace Conference Ends With Call for Two-State Solution, Dialogue 02:46Lufthansa Flight Makes Emergency Landing in Moscow Over Windscreen OverheatingAll news Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 26281 Daesh Terrorists Destroy Myth of Germany's Indestructible Leopard 2 Tank 13820 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 11681 US Navy’s ‘Night Hunter’ Drone Ship to Stalk Russian Subs 8643 Don't Even Try It: Crimea Protected by Russia's Newest Missile Defense System 7892All news 'Kosovo is Serbian,' New Train from Belgrade to North Kosovo Announces 86 Ottawa's New Foreign Minister is 'Catastrophe for Canadian-Russian Relations' 75 Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 70 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 70 US House Speaker Ryan Has Town Hall Meltdown, Calls Russia a 'Global Menace' 52All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Somewhere Over the Clouds: A View of Moscow From Above All TV Must Be RT Countries the US Bombed in 2016 News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Drug Delivery Technology Market Worth 1,669.40 Billion USD by 2021 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Jan 12, 2017, 10:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, January 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market research report "Drug Delivery Technology Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Liquid), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active), Transmucosal (Oral)), Patient Care Setting (Hospital, ASC) - Global Forecast to 2021", published by MarketsandMarkets, market is projected to reach USD 1,669.40 Billion by 2021 from USD 1,179.20 Billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period. Continue Reading MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 170 market data Tables and 37 Figures spread through 252 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Drug Delivery Technology Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/drug-delivery-technologies-market-1085.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report.  Increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, increasing demand for biologics, technological advancements, and new product launches are some of the major factors driving the growth of the Drug Delivery Technology Market. Furthermore, self-administration & home care and rising demand for biosimilars and generic drugs offer significant growth opportunities for player operating in the market. On the other hand, risk of needle-stick injuries and side effects of drugs may restraint the growth of the market. The Drug Delivery Technology Market is segmented based on route of administration, facility of use, and region. Speak to Analyst: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalyst.asp?id=1085 On the basis of route of administration, the market is segmented into oral, injectable, topical, nasal, ocular, pulmonary, implantable, and transmucosa. The topical drug delivery segment is expected to register the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The high growth in this segment can primarily be attributed to the factors such as convenience and ease of use, ease of dosage, painlessness, noninvasiveness, and enhanced patient compliance. On the basis of facility of use, the market is segmented into the hospitals, ambulatory surgical centers/clinics, home care settings, diagnostic centers, and other facilities of use. In 2016, the hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be primarily attributed to advantages such as the significant number of inpatient and outpatient visits in hospitals as compared to other end users and the requirement of large volumes of drugs and their respective delivery devices to cater to the demand of this patient pool. Download PDF Brochure@ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=1085 Asia is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Opportunities in the Asian market have attracted huge investments by major companies in the area of R&D activities. In addition, the region has low costs of labor and clinical trials, which has further served to draw market players to Asia. The drug delivery technology is highly competitive market, comprising of various players. Prominent players in the Drug Delivery Technology Market include Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (U.S.), F. Hoffman-La Roche (Switzerland), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), 3M Company (U.S.), Becton, Dickinson and Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc, (U.K.), Sanofi (France), and Antares Pharma, Inc. (U.S.).     Browse Related Reports:  Injectable Drug Delivery Market by Type (Device, Formulation), Therapeutic (Hormonal, Oncology), Usage Pattern (Curative Care, Immunization), Administration (Skin, Musculoskeletal), End User (Hospital, Home Care Setting) - Global Forecast to 2020. http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/injectable-drug-delivery-market-150.html European Injectable Drug Delivery Market by Type (Device, Formulation), Therapeutic (Hormonal, Oncology), Usage Pattern (Curative Care, Immunization), Administration (Skin, Musculoskeletal), End User (Hospital, Home care Setting) - Forecast to 2020. http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/european-injectable-drug-delivery-market-1205.html About MarketsandMarkets:  MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Telephone No: 1-888-600-6441. Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/healthcare/medical-devices Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets Jan 12, 2017, 11:30 ET Preview: Direct-Fed Microbials Market Worth 1,399.6 Million USD by 2022 Jan 12, 2017, 10:00 ET Preview: Brushless DC Motors Market Worth 8.15 Billion USD by 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 13, 2017, 11:30 ETRubber Bonded Abrasives Market Worth 1.47 Billion USD by 2026 Jan 13, 2017, 10:30 ETMarine Engines Market Worth 13.53 Billion USD by 2021 Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Drug Delivery Technology Market Worth 1,669.40 Billion USD by 2021 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Jan 12, 2017, 10:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Autoimmune and Inflammatory Immunomodulators Market 2016 Geographical Segmentation, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Autoimmune and Inflammatory Immunomodulators Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 12, 2017 ) Immunomodulators are the drugs that help to regulate the immune system. These drugs either stimulate the weak immune systems or moderate the overactive immune systems. Though many drugs are available in the market, there still exists a huge unmet need in the autoimmune and inflammatory immunomodulators market as there are no medicines that provide complete cure to some diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease. Publisher's analysts forecast the global autoimmune and inflammatory immunomodulators market to grow at a CAGR of 7.01% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-autoimmune-and-inflammatory-immunomodulators-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global autoimmune and inflammatory immunomodulators market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Autoimmune and Inflammatory Immunomodulators Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AbbVie -Johnson & Johnson -Amgen -F. Hoffmann-La Roche -Pfizer Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462893/sample . Other prominent vendors -AstraZeneca -Avaxia Biologics -Biogen Idec -Bristol-Myers Squibb -Boehringer Ingelheim -Eli Lilly -Enlivex Therapeutics -Gilead Sciences -Immune Pharmaceuticals -Merck -Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma -Neovacs -Prometheus Laboratories -Sandoz -Sanofi -Swedish Orphan Biovitrum -Takeda Pharmaceuticals -UCB Market driver -Development of novel therapies using innovative technologies. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Discontinuation of drugs under development leading to substantial loss in revenue. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Advent of biosimilars expected to improve the treatment rates. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462893/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Major Pharma Short Interest Declines Ahead of Trump Comments By Chris Lange January 12, 2017 10:50 am EST Print Email Tweet The short interest data have been released for the December 30 settlement date. Pharmaceutical companies usually are involved in a lengthy process in getting their drug candidates to market through clinical trials. There is a fair amount of risk involved, should a study come back negative or a candidate not be approved. Conversely, if a drug gains FDA approval or passes a clinical trial, there can be big upside. Drug prices have been under pressure due to the campaign rhetoric. But now that the election is over and Hillary Clinton — one of the main antagonists of these companies — is no longer running, the pressure has seemingly let up. However, recent comments from Trump have reignited discussion about the industry, suggesting that it may be “getting away with murder.” It’s worth noting that the short interest data were compiled before Trump made this comment. Much more is to be seen from this industry going forward, much less these stocks. 24/7 Wall St has put together a bullish and bearish case for 2017 for the Dow’s health care sector. Keep in mind that short sellers betting against big pharma are taking on an added risk. They have to pay out the ongoing high dividends on top of the cost of borrowing the shares. The December 30 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest moves in these selected pharmaceutical stocks were mixed. Short interest in Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) increased slightly to 44.49 million shares from the previous 44.19 million. Its shares were last seen at $32.45, within a 52-week trading range of $28.25 to $37.39. The number of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares short decreased to 17.31 million from 18.75 million in the previous period. Its shares were trading at $62.69, in a 52-week range of $47.97 to $65.46. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.’s (NYSE: TEVA) short interest remained flat at 19.47 million shares, compared to the previous level. Shares were last trading at $34.30, in a 52-week range of $33.56 to $64.31. The short interest drop in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) was to 12.53 million shares, compared to the previous reading of 13.35 million. Shares were last trading at $56.48, within a 52-week range of $49.03 to $77.12. The number of shares short in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) decreased to 33.40 million, compared to the previous 38.02 million. The stock was trading at $60.61, in a 52-week trading range of $50.71 to $68.12. Eli Lilly and Co.’s (NYSE: LLY) short interest increased to 10.76 million shares from the previous 7.63 million. The stock was trading at $75.51. The 52-week range is $64.18 to $84.80. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Short Sellers Back Off Major Semiconductors America’s 400 Richest Taxpayers Could Get $7 Million Tax Cuts If ACA Is Repealed » Read more: Healthcare Business, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, short interest, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street edges higher after banks report strong results Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Fri Jan 13, 2017 | 3:06pm EST Wall Street edges higher after banks report strong results By Noel Randewich The S&P 500 rose on Friday after major U.S. banks kicked off the fourth-quarter earnings season with strong results, helping fuel confidence about a recent market rally. Wall Street has surged since President-elect Trump's unexpected election victory on optimism he will cut corporate taxes, spend on infrastructure and deregulate banks. With stocks trading at valuations well above historic averages, many investors believe further gains will depend on S&P 500 companies handing in strong report cards over the next several weeks. Major banks on Friday did not disappoint: Bank of America (BAC.N), JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Wells Fargo (WFC.N) all posted quarterly profits above analysts' expectations. They also expressed optimism about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the election in November. Their shares surged over 2 percent but later gave up most of those gains. Wells Fargo was 1.04-percent higher and JPMorgan added 0.43 percent. The S&P financial sector has jumped about 17 percent since the election, outpacing the S&P 500's 6.1 percent rise. "Earnings are key going forward, and we're off to a decent start," said Mike Baele, managing director with the Private Client Reserve of U.S. Bank in Portland, Oregon. The Dow declined, with McDonald's (MCD.N) and other consumer stocks down after a report showed U.S. retail sales and core retail sales increased less than expected in December. Trading volumes were light ahead of a three-day weekend. At 2:42 pm ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was down 0.14 percent at 19,863.26 points, while the S&P 500 .SPX had gained 0.10 percent to 2,272.67. The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 0.39 percent to 5,569.18. The biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq was from Facebook (FB.O), which jumped 1.6 percent after Raymond James upgraded the stock. The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is expected to have risen 6.2 percent in the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "We've come a long way very quickly so there's scope for a pullback, but overall the outlook for 2017 is relatively positive," said Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.49-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.06-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 30 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 113 new highs and 10 new lows. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Next In Business News Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity SYDNEY Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concerns over Britain's exit from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico BERLIN President-elect Donald Trump has warned the United States will impose a border tax of 35 percent on cars that German carmaker BMW plans to build at a new plant in Mexico and export to the U.S. market. Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's investigation into what caused some Galaxy Note 7s to catch fire has concluded that the battery was the main reason, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Dow, S&P Set for Worst Day in Three Months as Trump-Trade Fizzles ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Dow, S&P Set for Worst Day in Three Months as Trump-Trade Fizzles Published January 12, 2017 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print U.S. President-elect Donald Trump (Copyright Reuters 2016) The S&P 500 and the Dow were set for their worst day since October as the lack of details on economic policy in Donald Trump's speech took the wind out of a record-setting post-election rally. Continue Reading Below The losses were broad-based. All of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with the technology, financial and industrial sectors all down 1 percent or more. In his first news conference since election, Trump on Wednesday gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending. He instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and media houses over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. Trump also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble on Wall Street. "Some wind has been taken out of the reflation trade, at least for the short term," said Jeff Zipper, managing director at the Private Client Reserve, U.S. Bank in Florida. "There is a high probability of more volatility if his agenda does not go through or may take longer than he expects." Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT At 11:06 a.m. ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 177.03 points, or 0.89 percent, at 19,777.25 and the S&P 500 was down 20.34 points, or 0.89 percent, at 2,254.98. The Nasdaq Composite was down 65.74 points, or 1.18 percent, at 5,497.91, set for its biggest one-day drop since Dec. 1. The CBOE Volatility Index or Wall Street's "fear gauge," ticked up 11.6 percent, the most since the U.S. election. The dollar was at a one-month low, while gold rose to its highest since late November. The financial index tumbled 1.5 percent, set for its worst day since Sept. 29. The decline comes one day before a trio of big banks report results, kicking off the fourth-quarter earnings season. Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided Wednesday's carnage, gained 2.1 percent after multiple broker upgrades. The drugmaker's fellow Dow component Disney Co was off 1.7 percent at $107.62 after Pivotal cut its rating on the stock to 'sell'. Microsoft fell 1.8 percent and Apple dropped 1.2, making them the biggest drags on the S&P and the Nasdaq. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,080 to 728. On the Nasdaq, 2,157 issues fell and 527 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed six new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 28 new highs and 16 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set for weak open as Trump speech disappoints By Reuters Published: 08:50 EST, 12 January 2017 | Updated: 08:50 EST, 12 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 12 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set for a lower open on Thursday after President-elect Donald Trump gave little clarity on his promises of boosting economic growth that had powered a record-breaking rally on Wall Street for two months. Trump, in his first news conference on Wednesday, gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending, and instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and news agencies over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. He also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble in Wall Street. However, a rise in energy and technology stocks helped the market close higher on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq ending at a record high for the fourth session in a row. Dow e-minis were down 36 points, or 0.18 percent at 8:32 a.m. ET on Thursday, with 21,201 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were down 5.5 points, or 0.24 percent, with 131,309 contracts traded and Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 13.75 points, or 0.27 percent, on volume of 23,981 contracts. "The indices are trading lower as investors rethink yesterday Trump press conference," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York. "The fact that there was no mention of fiscal policy is weighing on the greenback this morning (and) causing a cautious mood in the equity arena." The dollar fell to its lowest level in nearly one month on Thursday. Prices of safe-haven gold rose to their highest since late November. With Trump's comments at the back of their minds, investors will turn their focus to the earnings season, which will kick off in earnest on Friday when a trio of big banks report. S&P 500 companies' earnings in the fourth quarter are estimated to have risen 5.7 percent - the best in three years - largely due to a rise in financial stocks, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided the carnage in the sector on Wednesday, gained 1.4 percent to $62.52 premarket after multiple broker upgrades. The drugmaker's fellow Dow component Disney Co was off 1 percent at $108.28 after Pivotal cut its rating on the stock to 'sell'. Apple was off 0.58 percent at $118.97. A report from the U.S. Labor Department showed the number of Americans applying for unemployment benefit rose less than expected to 247,000 last week. Economists had estimated a rise to 255,000. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Wall St. falls before earnings and on U.S. policy uncertainty By Sinead Carew ReutersJanuary 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas JacksonMore By Sinead Carew NEW YORK (Reuters) - The three major U.S. stock indexes closed lower on Thursday as investors waited for fourth-quarter corporate earnings and details of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's economic policy eight days ahead of his inauguration. While stocks pared losses as the session wore on, all but four of the S&P 500's 11 sectors ended lower, with financials leading the decline a day ahead of the first major earnings reports in that sector. The S&P had risen 6.4 percent since the Nov. 8 election. Trump on Wednesday dashed investor hopes for new details on his policy plans in his first news conference since the election, instead lashing out at U.S. spy agencies and media companies for what he called a "phony" Russia dossier and repeated promises to reform healthcare policies. On top of policy uncertainty, the market is missing stock buyback support in the quiet period ahead of earnings and individuals are putting more money into bonds than stocks, according to Jeffrey Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab in Boston. "Companies can't buy shares, and individuals all of a sudden stopped buying since the election. That could be the reason we're seeing a little bit of a gap down today," said Kleintop, but the dip could be temporary if earnings beat expectations. Kleintop cited Investment Company Institute's data on Wednesday showing the biggest cash flows to bond funds from stock funds since the election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> fell 63.28 points, or 0.32 percent, to close at 19,891, the S&P 500 <.SPX> dropped 4.88 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,270.44 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dipped 16.16 points, or 0.29 percent, to 5,547.49. The S&P had fallen as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the session, and its financial index <.SPSY> finished off 0.74 percent, as yields on long-dated bonds fell. Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham, Mass. said the stock market's continued proximity to its post-election peak was a positive sign. "The fact we're still bouncing along the ceiling means to me that everybody's still pretty optimistic," said McMillan. "The population is confident. They're willing to spend and they're making more money and able to spend. That's good news," he said. The S&P's healthcare sector <.SPXHC> ended up 0.07 percent after tumbling 1 percent in the previous day's session because of Trump's comments. The index was helped by a 0.9 percent increase for Merck <MRK.N> and a 2.5 percent increase for Eli Lilly <LLY.N> after a U.S. appeals court said it could block Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd <TEVA.TA> from selling a generic equivalent of Eli Lilly's top-selling lung cancer drug. JPMorgan Chase <JPM.N> was one of the biggest drags on the S&P 500 the day before its earnings report was due, losing nearly 1 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.96-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 10 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 60 new highs and 21 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, higher than the 6.5 billion average in the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 371 messages11%72%17% 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus Call It Quits After Century and a Half of Entertainment Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam 264 messages4%70%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1543 messages6%57%37% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 651 messages7%68%25% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 198 messages6%73%21% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Major Winter Storm on the Move Victoria Olsteen Hit With A New Lawsuit Classyhour.comSponsored Atlanta hits back after Trump’s attack on Lewis 7124 messages5%61%34% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1464 messages5%69%26% Kremlin counts days to Trump's inauguration, blasts Obama Jack Thom: When millions of government employees were hacked by China, Obama didn't care. When millions were hacked at Yahoo, Target,banks, Obama didn't care. Hacks into the private servers of the DNC... not our government mind you, wow, all of a sudden Obama cares. Why? Because it showed how corrupt the DNC is, and how prejudiced they are. Conveniently these sanctions occurred even before the full briefing on intel. Obama is doing everything he can to blame Russia, Comey, .. anybody for Clinton's loss, even creating a new Cold War to try and smear Trump. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.8k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints Source : Last Updated: Thu, Jan 12, 2017 18:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Futures down: Dow 44 pts, S&P 6.5 pts, Nasdaq 13.75 pts By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 12 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures fell on Thursday after President-elect Donald Trump gave little clarity on his campaign-trail promises of boosting economic growth that had powered Wall Street for two months. * Trump, in his first news conference on Wednesday, gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending, and instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and news agencies over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. * He also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble in Wall Street. * However, a rise in energy and technology stocks helped the market close higher on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq ending at a record high for the fourth session in a row. * But, Trump's comments hit the dollar, which fell to its lowest level in nearly one month on Thursday. Prices of safe-haven gold rose to their highest since late November. * With Trump's comments at the back of their minds, investor will turn their focus to the earnings season, which will kick off in earnest on Friday when a trio of big banks report. * Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided the carnage in the sector on Wednesday, gained 1.6 percent to $62.60 premarket after multiple broker upgrades. * Apple was off 0.65 percent at $118.97. * Tesaro slipped about 3 percent to $141 in thin trading after the FDA rejected its drug, Rolapitant IV. * In economic data, a report is expected to show weekly jobless claims rose to 255,000 last week from 235,000 a week earlier. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1330 GMT). Futures snapshot at 7:01 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were down 44 points, or 0.22 percent, with 18,157 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were down 6.5 points, or 0.29 percent, with 106,904 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 13.75 points, or 0.27 percent, on volume of 19,565 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jan 12, 2017 | 7:36am EST US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints * Futures down: Dow 44 pts, S&P 6.5 pts, Nasdaq 13.75 pts By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 12 U.S. stock index futures fell on Thursday after President-elect Donald Trump gave little clarity on his campaign-trail promises of boosting economic growth that had powered Wall Street for two months. * Trump, in his first news conference on Wednesday, gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending, and instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and news agencies over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. * He also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble in Wall Street. * However, a rise in energy and technology stocks helped the market close higher on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq ending at a record high for the fourth session in a row. * But, Trump's comments hit the dollar, which fell to its lowest level in nearly one month on Thursday. Prices of safe-haven gold rose to their highest since late November. * With Trump's comments at the back of their minds, investor will turn their focus to the earnings season, which will kick off in earnest on Friday when a trio of big banks report. * Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided the carnage in the sector on Wednesday, gained 1.6 percent to $62.60 premarket after multiple broker upgrades. * Apple was off 0.65 percent at $118.97. * Tesaro slipped about 3 percent to $141 in thin trading after the FDA rejected its drug, Rolapitant IV. * In economic data, a report is expected to show weekly jobless claims rose to 255,000 last week from 235,000 a week earlier. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1330 GMT). Futures snapshot at 7:01 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were down 44 points, or 0.22 percent, with 18,157 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were down 6.5 points, or 0.29 percent, with 106,904 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 13.75 points, or 0.27 percent, on volume of 19,565 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Next In Market News BRIEF-Andersons says plans to exit retail business * To exit retail business and close its remaining four retail stores in q2 of 2017 UPDATE 1-Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut -London Times * He says Brexit will be "a great thing" (Recasts, adds quotes, details) FOREX-Sterling slides to 3-month lows on 'hard Brexit' fears * Yen benefits from risk aversion, as dollar comes under pressure MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints By Reuters Published: 07:36 EST, 12 January 2017 | Updated: 07:37 EST, 12 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 12 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures fell on Thursday after President-elect Donald Trump gave little clarity on his campaign-trail promises of boosting economic growth that had powered Wall Street for two months. * Trump, in his first news conference on Wednesday, gave no details on tax cuts or infrastructure spending, and instead lashed out at U.S. spy agencies and news agencies over what he called a 'phony' Russia dossier. * He also blasted pharmaceutical companies over high drug prices, causing health stocks to snap a six-day winning streak and a wobble in Wall Street. * However, a rise in energy and technology stocks helped the market close higher on Wednesday, with the Nasdaq ending at a record high for the fourth session in a row. * But, Trump's comments hit the dollar, which fell to its lowest level in nearly one month on Thursday. Prices of safe-haven gold rose to their highest since late November. * With Trump's comments at the back of their minds, investor will turn their focus to the earnings season, which will kick off in earnest on Friday when a trio of big banks report. * Merck, one of the few health stocks that avoided the carnage in the sector on Wednesday, gained 1.6 percent to $62.60 premarket after multiple broker upgrades. * Apple was off 0.65 percent at $118.97. * Tesaro slipped about 3 percent to $141 in thin trading after the FDA rejected its drug, Rolapitant IV. * In economic data, a report is expected to show weekly jobless claims rose to 255,000 last week from 235,000 a week earlier. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1330 GMT). Futures snapshot at 7:01 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were down 44 points, or 0.22 percent, with 18,157 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were down 6.5 points, or 0.29 percent, with 106,904 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 13.75 points, or 0.27 percent, on volume of 19,565 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Business Secrets of my success: Bayer's Najoh Tita-Reid Najoh Tita-Reid Thursday 12 January 2017 12:20 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard Tita-Reid said her biggest break was avoiding being married off at a young age What do you do? I’m the general manager for Bayer consumer healthcare in the UK and Ireland. My division includes brands ranging from Berocca and Rennie to the women’s intimate health range Canesten. Positives? I like that our products are genuinely helping people feel better, faster. We’re also helping save the NHS millions by providing products, advice and self-diagnosis tools for people that allow them to care for themselves and save them from visiting a GP until they need their expertise. I like that my job allows me to build brands and customer relationships, be that through retailers, pharmacists, GPs, nurses or specialists.  Negatives? As a leader, you’re always outnumbered. The calls on your time from internal demands like email can take over your life if you don’t manage it properly. Biggest break? My biggest break was that, when I was 11, my grandmother tried to marry me off in our village in Cameroon to a very respectable family. I explained that I did not want to get married at 11 because I wanted to graduate from university and run a company one day. She looked at me in the middle of the bush and stared intensely after working hard to arrange such a marriage, and simply said: “Then surround yourself with the best, learn from the best, strive to be the best, and lift as you climb.”  I knew as we walked back to our village that evening, looking at other young women with families, that I had my first big break in life.   Wow! And professionally? It was in my final year at secondary school in America. I knew I wanted to be a general manager of a business and asked one of the professors how to do it. He said I needed an internship at Procter & Gamble because they’d trained more CEOs than any other company. I said: “how do I get one of those?” and he said I wouldn’t: I was only 16 and they only hire MBAs.  Nothing spurs me more than being told I can’t do something, so I asked every adult I met for a year if they could help, and eventually one said P&G were opening up their intern programme to a few non-MBA students. I applied and got a P&G internship at 17 and had exceptional mentors. I worked hard to get an invitation back every summer through college, and the experience was so positive I stayed for 18 years. I took my African grandmother’s advice and learned from the best. Biggest setback, and what did it teach you? I got a job as Merck’s general manager for Western Europe consumer care and moved my husband and two young kids over here. But just a few months later the business was sold to Bayer. It felt like being the child of a single parent who suddenly tells you they’re getting married and the wedding’s tomorrow. It was, like: “Who is he? Do I still get to live in the house? Do I get to keep my bedroom?” Eventually, after being interviewed many, many times, I secured my dream job, which I have now. After sleepless nights of the unknown for myself and my family, it turned out great. I tell young people all the time: get experience because one day when things get shaken up, and they will, your experience is all you can rely on. How is your work-life balance? You have got to accept that there is no balance. I am a mother, a wife, a daughter, a sister, and I work eight to 12 hours a day. I only have a few hours to be with my family and perform all those other roles too. So I found that striving for harmony, not balance, helped me stop feeling guilty. I focus on trying to make sure everything is working well, and if not, I pause and work it out. We have childcare and I have taken the lessons from my upbringing and created a supportive “village” around us of fellow parents and friends to help out with things. It really does take a village to raise a family. What’s helped you most in your career? So many things! I was born and raised in the US but my dad is African, and every summer when I was growing up, we’d go to my family’s village. It has its own king and a tribe. You had to walk to get water and carry it back on your head. You’d bathe out of a bucket, make your own toys. Growing up with that, you will rarely hear me complain or think something is impossible: there is always someone who has it worse and I believe anything is possible! More about: Business entrepreneur Work Life career Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Home   Equities UK Global Europe US Asia Emerging markets Specialist Bonds   Multi-asset Managed funds Property Commodities Alternatives Absolute Return   Markets UK Global Economics Currencies   Funds Unit trusts/OEICs Investment Trusts VCTs/EIS Platforms ETFs Pensions Regulation People moves Events Financial library Industry blogs Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Absolute Return Breakfast Briefing 2017 The Investment Week Absolute Return Breakfast Briefing will provide you with key insights from leading industry experts. Date: 31 Jan 2017 South Place Hotel 3 South Place London EC2M 2AF, London Asia Breakfast Briefing 2017 The Investment Week Asia Breakfast Briefing will provide you with key insights from leading industry experts. Date: 07 Feb 2017 Furniture Makers' Hall, 12 Austin Friars, London, EC2N 2HE, London Professional Adviser Awards 2017 The must attend event of the financial services awards calendar, the Professional Adviser Awards celebrate the very best of the financial advice industry. Date: 09 Feb 2017 The Brewery, London Edinburgh Breakfast Briefing 2017 The Investment Week Edinburgh Breakfast Briefing will provide you with key insights from leading industry experts. Date: 21 Feb 2017 Waldorf Astoria Edinburgh - The Caledonian Princes Street, Edinburgh EH1 2AB Scotland, Edinburgh View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Whitepapers Latest Whitepapers Iain Richards: Technology is bringing responsible investment into the mainstream Intelligent use of technology is paving the way for mainstream application of Environmental, Social and Governance (or ESG) principles in asset management.  Download Three degrees of resilience James Clunie talks about how resilience is not just one dimension but should be apparent in the investment process, the emotional temperament of the fund manager and communication between manager and client. Download Find whitepapers Search by title or subject area View all whitepapers Sign in You are currently accessing Investment Week via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Apps Register Industry blogs Investment Week Home Equities Bonds Multi-asset Markets Funds Regulation People moves You are currently accessing Investment Week via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   US Pharma stocks plunge after Trump's attack on drug pricing Pharmaceuticals are 'getting away with murder' Laura Dew @LauraDewIW 12 January 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Shares in pharmaceutical and biotech companies fell last night after US President-Elect Donald Trump revealed plans to force the industry to bid on government business during his first press conference since the election. Speaking yesterday, Trump accused pharmaceutical companies of "getting away with murder" over the high costs of drugs in the US and their use of overseas locations for drug production, according to Bloomberg. The President-Elect said: "We have got to get our drug industry back. Our drug industry has been disastrous. They are leaving left and right. They supply our drugs but they do not make them here, to a large extent.  Related articles Woodford abandons 'house of cards' US pharma stock What next for biotech sector under a Trump presidency? Woodford: Carney will never raise interest rates Why investors need not be concerned by Hillary's plans to clamp down on drug pricing Three Pioneer managers: Our take on Trump/Clinton impact on equities/bonds/dollar/EMs "And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding procedures for the drug industry because they are getting away with murder." How could a new president impact the US's complex healthcare system? The largest pharmaceutical companies were hit following his speech, with Bristol-Myers Squibb seeing its share price fall 5.3%, while AbbVie was down 3.6%, Merck's share price fell 2.8% and Gilead was trading 1.2% lower. Overall, the Nasdaq Biotechnology index was down 3%. The fall-out has also spread to Europe with shares in Shire down 3.7%, Roche trading 2% lower and Novartis falling 1.8% this morning. Following Trump's election in November, pharma stocks initially rose as the President-Elect was perceived to be less concerned with drug pricing than rival Hillary Clinton.  Democrat Clinton had been particularly vocal on high prescription drug prices and her plans to crack down on healthcare companies. However, Trump's latest speech signals a u-turn, as he looks to control drug prices and repeal elements of Obamacare. At the conference yesterday, he said: "We are going to get a health bill passed, we are going to get healthcare taken care of in this country. "The plan will be to repeal and replace Obamacare. We are going to have healthcare that is far less expensive and far better." Ketan Patel, manager of the EdenTree UK Equity Growth, said: "The pharmaceutical sector will have to endure more painful days ahead following the strong rhetoric from President-elect Trump.  "The repeal of Obamacare is very much at the forefront of Trump's agenda to push back on drug prices, but he has offered very little in terms of an alternative framework to ensure the most economically vulnerable parts of the electorate will have access to a healthcare system that is already the most expensive in the world." Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics US pharmaceuticals Donald Trump US About the author Laura Dew @LauraDewIW Laura Dew is deputy news editor at Investment Week. She joined IW in September 2013 from Financial Planner, the official magazine for the Institute of Financial Planning (IFP). She regularly writes about areas such as emerging and frontier markets, property, financial regulation and UK equities. Laura is also responsible for the wealth management and platform beats.     Read more on Laura More on US Soros loses $1bn on bearish bets against Trump Took bearish positions post-election Markets 13 January 2017 AllianzGI's Riddell: The US dollar is now a 'risk on' currency US dollar stands to suffer in next market wobble US 12 January 2017 Where are the opportunities in US small caps? Helped by strengthening US dollar US 11 January 2017 What will be President Obama's economic legacy? Farewell speech today US 10 January 2017 More news AXA IM unveils global Robotech fund Unconstrained multi-cap approach Funds 13 January 2017 Skandia founder Bradshaw passes away Was chairman of Nucleus and River & Mercantile Fund management 13 January 2017 Nutmeg to cut fees and launch low cost products As competition intensifies Companies 13 January 2017 Soros loses $1bn on bearish bets against Trump Took bearish positions post-election Markets 13 January 2017 Financial Stability Board unveils raft of proposals to tackle fund liquidity concerns Publishes 14 recommendations Fund managers 12 January 2017 Add a comment Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Back to Top Most read Winterflood's top investment trust picks for 2017 Gross: Trump's pre-term policies reminiscent of Mussolini Woodford: Why my fund underperformed the FTSE All-Share in 2016 Sterling falls as May signals 'hard' Brexit Redwood: Will 2017 be as good as 2016? Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Apps © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited 2016 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / U.S. Vaccines Market to Exhibit 4.30% CAGR 2014-2020 Due to Government-Led Awareness Initiatives U.S. Vaccines Market to Exhibit 4.30% CAGR 2014-2020 Due to Government-Led Awareness Initiatives Posted on January 12, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/12/2017 — Transparency Market Research has recently announced the publication of a new market research study, titled "U.S. Vaccine Market – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020". According to the research report, the U.S. vaccine market is anticipated to exhibit a 4.30% CAGR between 2014 and 2020. The market research report on the U.S. vaccine market is an effort to provide a comprehensive analysis including market overview, product segmentation, market trends, and vendor analysis. Browse Full U.S. Vaccine Market (Human Vaccines: Hepatitis, Influenza, Meningococcal, Pneumococcal, HPV, Combination Vaccines; Animal Vaccines: Canine, Feline, Porcine, Bovine, Ovine, Poultry and Equine) – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020 Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-vaccine-market.html Increased consumption of chicken in recent years has boosted the demand for poultry vaccines in the U.S.; moreover, rising prevalence of zoonotic diseases has propelled the U.S. animal vaccines market. The remarkably low risk of fatal and serious side effects of vaccines and awareness initiatives by government and non-profit organizations have fueled the U.S. vaccines market. On the other hand, the rigid regulatory pathway and high cost associated with vaccine handling, storage, and transportation are some of the restraining factors that are curbing the growth of this market. The U.S. vaccine market has been broadly classified into the human vaccine market and the animal vaccine market in the U.S. On the basis of type, the human vaccine market is further divided into pediatric and adult vaccines. Furthermore, according to different antigens, the U.S. human vaccine market has been segmented into meningococcal, influenza, human papillomavirus (HPV), hepatitis, pneumococcal, combination vaccines and more. In 2013, in terms of revenue, the combination vaccines segment comprised the largest segment of the human vaccine market. Nevertheless, the pneumococcal vaccines market is expected to develop as the biggest segment till 2020, thanks to the projected increase in the sales of Prevnar 13 throughout the forecast period. In addition, the meningococcal vaccines segment is also expected to grow rapidly in the coming years. The U.S. animal vaccines market has been classified into companion vaccines and livestock vaccines. Further classification of companion animal vaccines has been done into canine and feline, whereas the livestock animal vaccines segment has been segmented into the poultry, bovine, porcine, ovine, and equine sub-segments. In 2013, the canine vaccines segment held a slightly larger share than the feline vaccines segment in terms of revenue, owing to the higher average cost of canine vaccination. In livestock animal vaccines, in 2013, the bovine segment held the biggest share in the market, followed by porcine vaccines. Nevertheless, the poultry vaccines segment has been expected to exhibit a progressive CAGR between 2014 and 2020. The U.S. vaccine market has gained traction in recent years and is expected to be one of the fastest growing markets in the healthcare segment. Some of the dominating players in the U.S. human vaccine market are Sanofi, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Ltd., Novartis International AG., and GlaxoSmithKline plc. As there is stiff competition among all these players in the U.S. market, introducing innovative and new vaccines is one of the ways used by these companies to remain dominant in the market. Some of the other prominent players in the U.S. animal vaccine market are Merial (animal health department of Sanofi), Merck & Co., Inc., Zoetis, Inc., and Boehringer Ingelheim. In 2013, Zoetis, Inc. accounted for the biggest share in the U.S. animal vaccine market, followed by Merck & Co., Inc. Download Sample Copy of Report at: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=553 Key segments of the XYZ market U.S. Human Vaccine Market, by Type: Pediatric Adult U.S. Human Vaccine Market, by Antigen Hepatitis (A & B) Influenza Meningococcal Pneumococcal Human Papillomavirus (HPV) Combination Vaccines (DTaP, DTaP-Hep B-IPV, DTaP-IPV and DTaP-IPV) Others U.S. Animal Vaccine Market, by Animal Type: Companion Animal Vaccine Market Canine Feline Livestock Vaccine Market Porcine Bovine Ovine Poultry Equine Browse Our new press releases: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/us-vaccine-industry-htm For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/us-vaccines-market-to-exhibit-430-cagr-2014-2020-due-to-government-led-awareness-initiatives-759184.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Transparency Market Research Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Nasdaq posts another record high as earnings season kicks off Stocks slump as the Trump rally loses air Stocks rebound in wake of Trump volatility Dow Jones falls after flirting with 20,000 Stocks slide as Dow 20,000 slips away Dow brushes against 20,000 on weak jobs report Stocks wilt as post-election trade reverses Dow Jones closes within reach of 20,000 Stocks climb as 2017 kicks off right What a trade war with China could do to the economy Stocks fall as Dow 20,000 remains out of reach Stocks rebound in wake of Trump volatility 3 / 11 InvestorPlace Anthony Mirhaydari 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Stocks slump as the Trump rally loses air Dow Jones falls after flirting with 20,000 Click to expand Replay Video Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot The comments by Jeff Sessions in Washington sent shockwaves through states like Colorado where marijuana is legal. CBS Denver Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean The President-elect tweeted his support of the company after an anti-Trump group called for a boycott. CNN Money China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports China's customs agency said on Friday U.S. President Donald Trump may limit the growth of China's exports by imposing greater trade protectionist measures. According to Reuters, customs spokesman Huang Songping said China is the biggest loser in the anti-globalization trend. He added it will be difficult for China's foreign trade to improve in 2017 due to rising costs and other factors. China is the world's largest trading nation. It could be heavily exposed to protectionist measures this year if Trump follows through on campaign pledges to brand it a currency manipulator and impose heavy tariffs on imports of Chinese goods. Wochit Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wall Street ends choppy session higher, health lags on Trump comments Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot CBS Denver 2:04 Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean CNN Money 1:01 China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports Wochit Business 0:58 Ferrero says Nutella is safe to consume, despite concerns Wochit News 0:47 Nintendo anounces 'Switch' release date Reuters 1:14 How to eat on just $3 a day CNBC 2:40 ExxonMobil exploits poor nation's corruption for oil in Africa MSNBC 4:08 Is 2017 going to be the year for tech IPOs? Bloomberg 3:48 Apple is going Hollywood with new content plan The Wall Street Journal. 1:59 Wet winter brings parts of California out of 5-year drought Newsy 0:55 New Istanbul airport will be world's busiest CNBC 0:31 Is this the anti-smartphone? Fox Business 1:27 AT&T, Verizon are massively boosting cell coverage on the Mall for Inauguration Day The Washington Post 1:35 Amazon will add 100,00 American jobs Wochit Business 0:39 As the iPhone turns 10, what's next for smartphones? The Wall Street Journal. 2:10 Legal experts: Trump's business plan falls short CNN Money 3:21 UP NEXT U.S. equities suffered another bout of volatility on Wednesday after intense fireworks were seen at President-elect Donald Trump’s first press conference in months. Issues such as Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee, a “fake news” report from BuzzFeed and more were discussed. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.5%, the S&P 500 gained 0.3%, the Nasdaq Composite added 0.2% and the Russell 2000 gained 0.2%. Treasury bonds were stronger, the dollar was hit hard in the wake of Trump’s comments (disappointment at the lack of stimulus discussion) after trading higher earlier in the session, gold gained 0.9% and oil gained despite a larger-than-expected U.S. inventory build. © Provided by InvestorPlace 01117-Dow-Jones Energy stocks led the way on the oil bounce, climbing 1.2%. Utilities gained 1% on yield relief from the strength in bonds. Healthcare stocks were the laggards, down 1%, after Trump criticized drug pricing and the lack of a bidding process as part of the Medicare drug benefit. Specifically, he said the industry was “getting away with murder” and had too much power over policy setting in Washington, D.C. 10 Stocks to Buy for Donald Trump's Second Wind Continuing the strength seen in automakers and auto supply chain stocks, American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL) gained 3.4% after raising 2017 sales and margin guidance ahead of expectations. Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD) rose 3.4% after the NY Post reported that federal regulators are looking to complete the proposed merger with Walgreens  Boots Alliance Inc (NASDAQ:WBA) soon. And drug maker Merck & Co, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) shrugged off the weakness in its sector to rise 2.9% thanks to the announcement of a FDA priority review for an advanced lung cancer treatment. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts Supervalu Inc. (NYSE:SVU) fell 7.5% after missing fiscal third-quarter operating earnings expectations by barely 30% on weakness in its wholesale grocery business. Buy Today’s Trump Dump in Biotech Stocks - XBI IBB Technically, the Dow remains parked just below the 20,000  level as breadth continues to deteriorate and evidence of buying activity in safe haven assets — Treasury bonds and gold — rises. Edge subscribers enjoyed another 1.9% gain in their ProShares Ultra 20+Year Tsury ETF (NYSEARCA:UBT) position. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to MSN Money readers. Previous Next Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Why Foot Locker, Inc. Makes a Suitable Value Investment (FL) InvestorPlace How NCR Corporation (NCR) Can Sustain its Momentum in 2017 InvestorPlace Why Infosys Ltd ADR (INFY), GameStop Corp. (GME) and Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (HOV) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks InvestorPlace 2018 Dodge Demon: 7 Things About Chrysler’s (FCAU) New Muscle Car InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville 7 Blue-Chip Dividend Stocks That Are Dead Weight Right Now By Scutify Jan 11, 2017 8:56 am PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. With the likelihood of a trio of rate hikes expected this year, dividend stocks have earned a little more than their fair share of bad press. See, as is the case with bond prices, higher interest rates push the value of dividend stocks downward. Source: Shutterstock That's not the only headwind working against some of these income-oriented investments, however, which has struck even the bluest of blue-chip dividend stocks. A handful of well-known dividend-payers that people largely own for their payouts may prove surprisingly disappointing for the foreseeable future. Either these companies can't afford to continue the payout at current levels, they're overvalued or these outfits are on the verge of cyclical problems. In some cases, more than one liability may apply. With that as the backdrop, here's a closer look at seven blue-chip stocks income seekers may want to avoid until something significant changes; that change may well include a sizeable price setback. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: Ford (F) Source: Jens Mayer via Flickr (Modified) Why It's Dead Weight: Lower profits incoming In the shadow of reports that December's auto sales were fantastic to top off a record-breaking year for car sales, it's tough not to like Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F). More of the same could prove to be a very good year for the company, and the current trajectory is a compelling one ... particularly if Trump can truly put the U.S. economy in higher gear and more money in people's pockets. Investors may not want to put the cart too far in front of the horse, however. Any impact Trump may have could take months if not years to reach full speed. A big chunk of the Trump plan calls for Ford and its peers to keep production here at home, where it costs more. That eats into earnings. Profit margins are already a narrow 4.7%, and even-thinner margins won't exactly give the carmaker a major motivation to share more of the wealth with shareholders. That's not to say the current quarterly dividend of 15 cents per share is in jeopardy. It is to say, though, the recent rise in the value of F shares (up 11% since the election) could be tough to justify in the foreseeable future. Remember, even Ford itself warned in September that its 2017 profits would roll in lower than 2016's, as bigger-picture demand continues to deteriorate. Not that much has changed for the better in the meantime. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: Caterpillar (CAT) Source: Anthony via Flickr Why It's Dead Weight: Deterioration of mining; Hefty payout ratio The headwind Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) has faced since 2015 is well documented. Not only did adeterioration of the mining and drilling business take a toll on the company's top and bottom line, the U.S. dollar's multi-year ascension has made it nearly impossible for Caterpillar's all-important overseas customers to afford its equipment. It's barely broken even over the course of the past four reported quarters, versus 2014's net income of $3.7 billion. This hasn't prevented CAT from paying a dividend, even though doing so hasn't always been easy over the course of the past couple of years. In fact, Caterpillar's continued increase in its payout even when things were fiscally lean is admirable, even if a bit uncomfortable. Caterpillar is paying 77 cents per share now, versus only 70 cents per share two years ago. But the budding economic revival and recovering commodity prices will turn the company's fortune around before time catches up with the company? Maybe. But, not only has the dollar not peeled back to more beneficial levels for the company, it actually ran to new multi-year highs late last year. That means at least part of the company's headwind has persisted through the end of last year. And the expectations aren't high to begin with. The pros expect earnings to fall from 74 cents per share to 66 cents for last quarter, with sales expected to fall similarly. The current quarter results will feel that pain as well. The greenback is largely expected to pull back as 2017 wears on, but there's not a lot for CAT shareholders to be excited about at least through the next quarterly report. ADVERTISEMENT Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: Ameren Corp (AEE) Source: Shutterstock Why It's Dead Weight: Historically low yield When most investors think of dividend stocks, "Steady Eddie" utility stocks often come to mind first. And well they should. Cars and computers may be cyclical, but consumers always keep the lights on. And of the top blue-chip dividend stocks within the utilities sector, Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE) is the creme of the crop, with a 3.4% yield from a non-growth business. Its dividend coverage ratio (the amount of profits dished out as dividends) of 65% is slightly lower than the industry norm of 67%; and better still, the $12 billion outfit has been steadily increasing its payout since 2011. Investors are looking for more of the same increases going forward. So what's wrong with AEE as an income-oriented investment? The stock's 65% gain over the course of the past four years - and the 23% gain just since the January 2016 low - has far exceeded dividend growth during that time, pushing the yield for the company to historically low levels. Granted, sometimes you have to pay for (or make sacrifices for) a quality name like Ameren. This isn't one of those times. There are other utility stocks out there that are just as strong that pay a higher yield. As the markets start to realize it, AEE is apt to be pressured lower. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Source: Shutterstock Why It's Dead Weight: Lackluster pipeline With a current yield of 4.7%, GlaxoSmithKline plc (ADR) (NYSE:GSK) has superficially has earned a spot on the market's short list of top dividend stocks. Look beyond the snapshot, however, and you might not like what you find. There's a reason GSK shares have barely broken even over the course of the past year, are down 9% for the past couple of years, and are in the red to the tune of 26% since this point in the year 2014. That is, GlaxoSmithKline has one of the least compelling drug R&D pipelines in the business. To its credit, it is getting better. Its efforts to target the OX40 protein on cancer cells holds promise, and it's got two HIV drugs in phase-3 trials that are showing great results. Its shingles vaccine appears to work quite well too. A closer look at each of those drugs, their prospects and their competition, however, takes a great deal of the shine off. The shingles vaccine Shingrix, for instance, will have to compete with an established drug from Merck, while its flagship HIV development is a drug taken in tandem with a Johnson & Johnson treatment, cutting into its total revenue potential. GlaxoSmithKline doesn't have any breakout drugs in the works, and even fewer of the items in its pipeline are in a position to bolster revenue in the early part of this year. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: IBM (IBM) Source: Shutterstock Why It's Dead Weight: Eroding profitability Last month, International Business Machines Corp.(NYSE:IBM) logged its eighteenth straight quarter of year-over-year declining revenue. The earnings trend hasn't fared much more impressively. Yet, last quarter's numbers offered a glimmer of hope in that the deterioration of revenue seems to have stabilized, and a number of massive initiatives has led to talk of a turnaround that doesn't seem illegitimate. Between that and the 3.3% yield it currently sports despite a 28% rally since early January of 2016, ol' "Big Blue" might just look like one of the market's top blue-chip dividend stocks again. Don't confuse "better" with "good," however, and don't confuse one or two improved quarters with a trend. As Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha explained last month, "[O]ur closer examination highlights that a series of non operational, non recurring items are supporting the EPS. We believe the structural profitability may continue to erode." ADVERTISEMENT Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: BP (BP) Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Why It's Dead Weight: Oil uncertainty; Unwieldy payout ratio With a current dividend yield of 6.3% and the prospect for higher crude oil prices, oil giant BP plc (ADR)(NYSE:BP) makes for an interesting prospect. When one takes a closer look at BP's books though, red flags start to wave. Yes, BP has swung back to profitability after getting hit hard - along with oil prices - in early 2016, thanks to the 100% rebound crude has logged over the course of the past twelve months (almost to the day). Goldman Sachs expects oil prices to at least hold steady for the foreseeable future, bolstering the bullish argument for BP. It's going to take a lot more than "holding steady" from oil prices for BP to be restored as one of the market's top dividend stocks, however. Last quarter's earnings of 29 cents per share was the most profitable in the past four quarters, yet the company has continued to dish out a quarterly dividend of 59.5 cents per share. How does that work for that long? BP is borrowing to keep the dividend payments going. If the profit level were anywhere close to the payout and/or if crude oil was destined to move to a price of $100 per barrel in the near future, it may be worth considering. Neither of those conditions are in sight, however, and the market is starting to put two and two together. Dead-Weight Dividend Stocks: Altria (MO) Source: Peyri Herrera via Flickr (Modified) Why It's Dead Weight: Expensive; Slow growth Last but not least, while Altria Group Inc (NYSE:MO) has historically been one of the quintessential dividend stocks (currently paying out 3.6%) and has somehow found a way to continue growing despite the advent of e-cigs and outright cessation efforts, time has been catching up with the company. Indeed, it seems to have caught up with MO headed into the thick of 2017. It's a premise easy to counter just by pointing out how Bank of America analysts recently upgraded Altria to a "buy" and that its iQOS vaporizer will likely win the FDA's approval as a safer alternative to actually burning tobacco. There's more bark than bite to the optimism, though. Altria is still fighting an uphill battle it's ultimately going to lose, and the stock's price has rallied a lot faster than earnings have, or will in the foreseeable future. Last year's 16% rally from MO has left the stock at a trailing price-earnings ratio of 25.4, and a forward-looking P/E of 20.3. Once traders figure out earnings only grew 8% last year and will likely only grow 10% this year (and that assumes iQOS is a hit), shares are apt to see pressure. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. This article was written by James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer for InvestorPlace on Jan 10, 2017. This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 The Corporate Bond Market: Binge-Borrowing 2 Is Today The Day I Short Facebook For Their Next Earnings Miss? 3 This Stock Carries The Most Downside Risk In 2017 4 Describing 'Reflation' 5 Disruptive Marketing Technology - bBooth ($BBTH) Identified as Potential Takeover Target in CRM See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2017 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ח טבת תשע"ז   |   Sunday, January 15, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stock Indexes Close Higher After Wavering Much of the Day U.S. Stock Indexes Close Higher After Wavering Much of the Day Wednesday, January 11, 2017 at 10:29 pm | י"ג טבת תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4 percent. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a press conference Wednesday, President-elect Donald Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry in order to stem drug costs “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index, sliding 8.5 percent, from $1.30 to $14.01. Perrigo slid $5.77, or 6.9 percent, to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped $3.31, or 6.2 percent, to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.71 to $61.63. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. The major indexes in Europe were mixed. Germany’s DAX rose 0.5 percent, while France’s CAC 40 was essentially flat. Britain’s FTSE 100 gained 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, a strong earnings forecast from Samsung Electronics helped drive gains on the South Korean stock market, where the Kospi added 1.5 percent and hit its highest close in over a year. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 percent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.8 percent. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.43, or 2.8 percent, to close at $52.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price oil sold internationally, gained $1.46, or 2.7 percent, at $55.10 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 5 cents to $1.59 a gallon and heating oil rose 4 cents to $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas futures slipped 5 cents to $3.22 per 1,000 cubic feet. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent from 2.38 percent late Tuesday. In currency markets, the dollar fell to 115.43 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0576 from $1.0560. The pound, which has been declining amid concern that Britain might break off completely from the European Union’s single market, gained ground on the dollar. The British currency strengthened to $1.2208 from $1.2163. Among metals, the price of gold rose $11.10 to $1,196.60 an ounce. Silver slipped 2 cents to $16.83 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.61 a pound. Filed under: Energy, Health Care, Nasdaq, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stock Indexes Close Mostly Higher; Oil Price Rebounds  U.S. Stock Indexes Close Slightly Lower; Oil Rises U.S. Stock Indexes Close Lower on Thurs. as Market Snaps 3-Day Rally U.S. Stock Indexes Edge Higher in Midday Trading; Oil Rises U.S. Stocks Recover From An Early Slump and Close Higher  More in Business Wells Fargo Quarterly Earnings Fall in Wake of Bogus-Accounts Scandal Lockheed CEO Tells Trump Company Will Add 1,800 F-35 Jobs in Fort Worth Tax Filers Claiming Earned Income Tax Credit to Face Refund Delay This Year AUTO REVIEW: 2017 Genesis G90 Flagship Sedan Carves Out a Spot for Modest Luxury Nasdaq Hits Record; Bank Earnings Validate Wall St. Rally OP-ED A ‘Good Relationship’ With Russia Shouldn’t Be Trump’s Priority Don’t Defund the U.N. — Find Other Ways to Help Israel The Zeal to Repeal When Words Sprout Wings P.M. Netanyahu’s Delaying Tactics on Shabbos Great People in Our Midst Hypocritic Oath Searching for Answers Cold War Relic, Present Day Threat President Obama’s Foreign Policy Was Error After Error The Horrific Florida Shooting Russia Hacking Report is an Indictment of Obama, Not Trump Trump Has Made a Smart Choice for Education Secretary A Hate March and The Reaction It Elicited Features Can Wealth and Torah Go Together? Parashat Vayechi Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 15 Teves/January 13 For the Boys Editorial Cartoon – January 13, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 15 Teves/January 13 Sudoku – January 13, 2017 הרה”ק רבי חיים שמואל מחענטשין זי”ע Sudoku – January 12, 2017 This Day In History 14 Teves/January 12 Nichum Aveilim 14 Teves/January 12 Mild Meat Don’t Let Detox Diets Deceive You Weather » Brooklyn 36°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) S&P 500 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9409 GBP 0.8307 ILS 3.8184 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Holiday Closures: Martin Luther King Jr. Day Fire rips through Fourth Plain strip mall Vancouver Public Schools says timing right for bond measure Weather Eye: Expect some mess when nature cleans away all this snow Finding care can be a pain in Clark County Community Foundation taking scholarship applications Public meetings for the week of Jan. 15 One hurt, one arrested in stabbing at Vancouver Mall Ilani hiring event draws about 1,600 people Grand National pigeon show comes to Clark County Wildlife officials: Feeding birds is fine but not necessary Go ahead, feed the birds. Just realize that you’ll probably get more out of it than they will. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Girls basketball: Union 51, Heritage 31 Boys basketball: Union 71, Heritage 27 Gonzaga stays perfect with rout of St. Mary’s Lewis’ 3 TDs spark Patriots to win Girls basketball: Seton Catholic 54, Castle Rock 33 High school scoreboard 1/15 Clark shakes off snow for sweep of SWOC Late run costs Huskies at Stanford, 76-69 Seahawks season ends with playoff loss to Falcons Seahawks season ends with playoff loss to Falcons Matt Ryan threw for 338 yards and three touchdowns, leading the Falcons to a 36-20 victory over the Seattle Seahawks… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories The cost of dining out Weight when to go to work if feeling ill Failed home sales see bump Human connections can give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn Immigration talk spurring farmers Apple seeking original shows for music service A trial for DirecTV Now is free, but it’s a hard sell for some Berko: Broker hit the bullseye on these 3 strong companies Home video sales shrank again in 2016 as viewers opt for streaming A Siri for your finances? Digit says, ‘Trust me’ The cost of dining out Sorry, diners: Although restaurants got pushback for raising menu prices in 2016, they aren’t expected to cave in and lower… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Duplicity’ delivers packed plot Affleck on roller coaster again ‘Her Every Fear’ a compulsive thriller ‘Patriots Day’ stars focus on the details Chazelle, Jenkins get another award nod Report: Moon may have formed from many small ones World’s most fashionable women feted ‘The Young Pope’ gets politics Sleeper Sac a Snuggie for the kids Works of influential political cartoonist Herblock on display in county Check It Out: Suggestions for Year of the Rooster Cock-a-doodle-doo! In case you hadn’t heard, 2017 is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese astrology. If you felt… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In our View: Farewell, Obama Jayne: Jim Moeller contentedly ponders his political future Estrich: Obamacare may not look so bad Will: Exposing the attack on cold, hard reality Blame game changer Local View: Pointed questions for Trump’s education secretary pick Letter: Keep homeless in mind Letter: An amoral society Letter: Trump saves jobs Letter: Adjust Electoral College Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 15-21 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Annual holiday party for students delayed by snow finally gets its day Everybody has a story: Vets’ friendship stays afloat with cross-country game Volunteer Opportunities Free Clinic raises $185,000 at fundraiser Rocksolid Community Teen Center earns grant in honor of retired teacher Knights, society team up to buy Coats for Kids School’s first Blanket Drive collects 54 blankets Friends of the Carpenter day center receives largest in-kind donation in its history Innovative Services receives grant for assessment kits Happy Hoppers dancers help sort Walk & Knock donations Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Indexes waver, end higher By ALEX VEIGA, Associated Press Published: January 11, 2017, 4:34 PM A   A Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4 percent. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump spoke about the need for the government to stem drug costs by creating new bidding procedures. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index, sliding 8.5 percent. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. “The heavy load comes in the coming weeks,” said Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank’s Private Client Reserve. “There’s a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like.” The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry “because they’re getting away with murder.” The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Endo International posted the biggest loss, tumbling $1.30 to $14.01. Perrigo slid $5.77, or 6.9 percent, to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped $3.31, or 6.2 percent, to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company’s drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.71 to $61.63. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. In currency markets, the dollar fell to 115.43 yen from 115.73 yen late Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0576 from $1.0560. The pound gained ground on the dollar. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Opinion Cory Booker’s Bogus Excuse Betrays Progressives Senator votes against amendment, showing loyalty lies with donors By Michael Sainato • 01/13/17 8:00am U.S. Sen. Cory Booker on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC. Alex Wong/Getty Images If Sen. Cory Booker was serious about making a bid for the presidency in 2020, as several pundits have speculated, then he just put a huge dent in his odds of winning. Booker was one of 13 Democrats who voted against an amendment Bernie Sanders proposed that would allow pharmacists to import identical, but much cheaper, prescription drugs from Canada and other countries. In contrast, 10 Republicans voted in favor of the amendment, including Senator Ted Cruz and Senator John McCain. “Millions cannot afford the medicine they desperately need, but at the same time the drug companies make out like bandits and their CEOs earn exorbitant compensation packages,” said Senator Sanders on the Senate Floor on January 11. “We are the only major country not to negotiate drug prices with the pharmaceutical industry. You could walk into a drugstore today and the price could be double or three times what you paid a year ago, and there is no law to stop them. They can and they will raise prices as high as the market will allow. And if people die as a result of that, not a problem for them. People get sick, not a problem for them.” Sanders‘ supporters started a movement on social media to flood the Democratic Senators who voted against the bill with phone calls to vocalize their disdain with this trend of establishment Democrats siding with their donors over the working and middle class. Booker, Sen. Bob Casey, and other Democrats who voted “no” claimed that the amendment didn’t have drug safety provisions, but this claim is misleading because the amendment paves the way for future legislation that would have those safety provisions. They bet on ignorance of that nuance to escape the PR disaster the Democrats who voted against the amendment now find themselves in. Booker is one of the top recipients of campaign donations from the pharmaceutical industry, and these donations played a major role in helping him win his 2013 election. Merck & Co, Johnson & Johnson, Novo Nordisk, Novartis, and other big pharmaceutical companies have poured money into Booker, and the investment paid off with his recent vote. In 2013, the Guardian called Booker, “a neoliberal egomaniac who sees government as nothing more than a charity for billionaires and corporations to support as they please.” Booker certainly lived up to that definition by sabotaging this progressive amendment. Up NextHotshot Banker Writes Slashing Yelp Review of Posh Restaurant; Owner Fires Back Article continues below More from Style & Design Hotshot Banker Writes Slashing Yelp Review of Posh Restaurant; Owner Fires Back Up NextHotshot Banker Writes Slashing Yelp Review of Posh Restaurant; Owner Fires Back Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Solid Tumors Drugs Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 13, 2017 ) The rising prevalence of various cancers, which has led to innovations and technological advancements, drives the development of new immunotherapy drugs that are more effective than the available drugs to treat solid tumors. Solid tumors are an abnormal mass of tissue that do not contain cysts or liquid areas. These may be malignant (cancerous) or benign (not cancerous). They affect bones, organs, and muscles. Based on the type of the cells, solid tumors can be carcinomas, sarcomas, and lymphomas. Publisher's analysts forecast the global solid tumors drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 8.6% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-solid-tumors-drugs-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global solid tumors drugs market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of branded drugs, generics, and biosimilars used to treat solid tumors. It also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are anticipated to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the branded drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - F. Hoffmann-La Roche - Novartis - Celgene - Johnson & Johnson - Pfizer - BMS Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303202/sample Other prominent vendors - AbbVie - AbGenomics - ADC Therapeutics - Advantagene - Agensys - Almac Group - Ambrx - Argos Therapeutics - Array BioPharma - Astellas Pharma - AstraZeneca - Bayer - Biogen - Biotech Pharmaceutical - Boehringer Ingelheim - Boston Biomedical - Celldex Therapeutics - Chugai Pharmaceutical - Cold Genesys - CTI BioPharma - Daiichi Sankyo - DNAtrix - Ds-Pharma - Eleison Pharmaceuticals - Eli Lilly - Endo Pharmaceuticals - Formation Biologics - Fortress Biotech - Genmab - GSK - Immatics Biotechnologies - Immunogen - Immunomedics - Intas Pharmaceuticals - Kairos Therapeutics - Kyowa Hakko Kirin - MedImmune - Merck - Mersana Therapeutics - Morphotek - Neovii Biotech - NewLink Genetics - Northwest Biotherapeutics - Novartis - OncoMed Pharmaceuticals - Oxford Biotherapeutics - Peregrine Pharmaceuticals - Polaris Pharmaceuticals - Sanofi - Seattle Genetics - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals - Stemcentrx - Synthon Biopharmaceuticals - TG Therapeutics - XBiotech Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303202/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash For Capital Region residents, looming ACA action stokes fear Cuomo: 2020 rumors are ‘flattering, even if not true’ Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Crowds brave cold and rain for MLK march Military's shift from oil may face challenge Anti-immigrant rhetoric decried Trump, activist John Lewis spar Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Ex-pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Suns surprise Spurs in Mexico City Lewis stars for Pats Canadiens rally past Rangers in third Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Bring resumes out to the fair Takata takes guilty plea, will pay $1B Number Of The Day GOP leaders vague on replacement bill Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Arts briefs 2 members of R&B band Tower of Power hit by train, injured People in the news: Three charged in Paris heist Good things to do for the week ahead Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays High & Low Sipping: Wine pick of the week Today's Birthdays Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives NYC: 17 Ways to Celebrate the 2017 Lunar New Year Mayor and business officials tout new and improved Sch’dy The best pop-up ad I’ve ever seen For Capital Region residents, looming ACA action stokes fear TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Siena basketball focused on Fairfield guards Some Capital Region municipal websites still fail to post Capital Region Trump backers bound for D.C. inaugural Churchill: Got soy or almond milk? This column is for you Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Historic in Saratoga Springs Duo to share unusual story of Albany building's move Jennifer Lopez's Hidden Hills home for sale High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Birthday freebies: 80-plus things you can get for free on your Disney World on a budget: Tips and tricks to help you save Couponing 101: Tips to help you get started on the path to saving Save on skiing/snowboarding with these tips and discount lift MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Stock-indexes-close-higher-after-wavering-10851862.php Stock indexes close higher after wavering Investors look ahead to 4th-quarter earnings reports later this week Associated Press Published 9:48 pm, Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Wednesday, nudging the Nasdaq composite to its fifth record-high close in a row. Rising crude oil prices gave energy companies a boost, including oil rig operator Transocean, which rose 4 percent. Traders also bid up shares in utilities. Health care stocks fell after President-elect Donald Trump spoke about the need for the government to stem drug costs by creating new bidding procedures. Pharmaceutical company Endo International led the decliners in the Standard & Poor's 500 index, sliding 8.5 percent. The stock market spent much of the day wavering between small gains and losses as investors sized up outlooks from several companies ahead of the latest batch of corporate earnings reports. "The heavy load comes in the coming weeks," said Tim Dreiling, regional investment director for U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "There's a little bit of a wait-and-see on what those earnings numbers look like." The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 19,954.28. The S&P 500 index added 6.42 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,275.32. The Nasdaq gained 11.83 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,563.65. The index has risen every day this year. During a press conference Wednesday morning, Trump said the government has to create new bidding procedures for the pharmaceutical industry "because they're getting away with murder." The remarks sent health care stocks broadly lower, particularly pharmaceutical companies. At one point, drugmakers and one prescription drug distributor accounted for the nine biggest losers in the S&P 500. Endo International posted the biggest loss, tumbling $1.30 to $14.01. Perrigo slid $5.77, or 6.9 percent, to $77.88. Mallinckrodt slumped $3.31, or 6.2 percent, to $50.44. Not all drugmakers had a bad day. Merck rose 2.9 percent on news that the Food and Drug Administration will do a quick review of one of the company's drugs for its potential to treat a type of lung cancer. The stock added $1.71 to $61.63. Big U.S. companies start reporting fourth-quarter earnings this week. On Friday JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Bank of America release their results. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Men's 3pc Long-Sleeve Shirt, Tie, Bow Tie Set for $7 + pickup... WalmartPosted 1 day 12 hr ago SHOP NOW Air Hogs Star Wars RC Advanced TIE Fighter for $33 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW Corelle Livingware 16-Piece Dinnerware Set for $29 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW Custom Canvas Prints at Personalization Mall: 50% off + $5 off... Personalization MallPosted 1 day 9 hr ago Most Popular 1 Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash 2 Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal Albany crash 3 Fired doctor says St. Peter's sabotaged her practice to steal... 4 Firefighters snuff Route 9 blaze 5 Rotterdam man faces multiple drug charges 6 SEEN: Wine & Dine for the Arts Grand Gala Reception 7 Toll Gate in Slingerlands closed as owner recovers from major... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
