Menu Search Home 50+ Innovation Leaders Biotech Diagnostics Health IT Medical Devices Payers Pharma Policy & Regulation Providers Population Health Events Resource Center About Us Advertising Contact us Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email What if the disease you’re targeting isn’t economically viable? Inova Health System and ContinuumRX launch JV Three important FDA debates flared this week Everybody Else Is Reading This Cure Forward, a clinical trial service for cancer patients, is suspending its services Test your sperm count at home with Sandstone Diagnostics’ Trak device With CBO report, impact of AHCA on California comes into clearer focus Undeterred by late-stage failure, Merck licenses a new Alzheimer’s asset Study using Valera Health app shows boost in engagement from patients with depression, anxiety Hospital CIOs voice their thoughts on data security, mobile communication Everybody Else Is Reading This What should trigger a CAPA in medical device manufacturing? Can telehealth solve America’s genetic counselor shortage? CBO: AHCA would leave 23 million more uninsured by 2026 How should digital health vendors interpret New York’s move to flex its regulatory muscle? Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email MedCity News Patient Engagement Healthcare Convergence Investing & Startups Big Data Precision Medicine Events 50+ Innovation Leaders Learn the future of healthcare innovation at MedCity CONVERGE, July 31-Aug. 1 in Philadelphia. Save $400 now. Wilson Sonsini tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index for 2nd straight year Diagnostics What if the disease you’re targeting isn’t economically viable? By Juliet Preston Post a comment / at 9:47 PM Shares1 There’s a difference between rare and neglected diseases, Valerie Pasquetto tells me as we sit in a small workspace in San Diego, California. It’s the home of a non-profit startup called Drugs & Diagnostics for Tropical Diseases (DDTD) where Pasquetto work as VP of operations. Founder and President Marco Biamonte is to her left, alongside a tray of ripe mangos that are perfectly on-brand.  The thing about rare diseases, she explains, is that despite the small patient populations they can be highly lucrative. There are solid patient advocacy groups and incentives for companies to pursue targeted therapies. R&D costs can be more than recouped by charging hundreds of thousands of dollars per patient per year for the eventual drug. Neglected diseases, on the other hand, might affect millions of people worldwide. They’re neglected because there’s no money to be made selling tests or drugs, because the people affected are among the three billion worldwide that live on less than $2.50 a day. Unless there’s an immediate outbreak risk in the developed world, the developed world looks the other way. In 2011, Biamonte began a startup journey that ultimately led him to a potential diagnostic for a neglected tropical disease. Instead of turning away when the economic reality sunk in, DDTD embraced the field and restructured to become a fully non-profit diagnostics company. It was a fork in the road. “There are pros and cons both ways,” Biamonte said. “But the bottom line was; in my heart, I wasn’t doing this to make money and so it was very difficult for me to go and tell investors there would be a profit in it.” Loa loa The World Health Organization (WHO) has a list of 16 neglected tropical diseases. DDTD’s lead program is a test for loiasis (aka African eye worm), which doesn’t even make that list — though it affects over 10 million people worldwide. Loiasis is caused by an infection with a nematode worm called Loa loa, which is transmitted by deer flies. It is considered endemic in West and Central African nations such as Cameroon, Nigeria, and the Republic of Congo. While loiasis isn’t particularly debilitating in itself, the populations it hits are also affected by river blindness (onchocerciasis) and elephantiasis (lymphatic filariasis). And it just so happens that the treatment for those infections, Merck’s Mectizan (ivermectin), can in rare cases be fatal if the patient is coinfected with Loa loa. “The adult worm lays a crazy-high amount of embryos in the bloodstream. In some extreme cases, it can be 100,000 – they call them microfilariae – per milliliter of blood.” Biamonte explained. “What happens when you take ivermectin is all those embryos die at once. And you have this mass of necrotic embryos in your system, including in the brain that causes some inflammation and encephalopathy.” Patients can go into a coma and in rare cases, even die. The side effects with ivermectin only occur in a small subset of patients infected with a lot of microfilariae. It becomes a very real threat, however, when mass drug administration programs are deployed. Merck has donated 600 million doses of ivermectin for the treatment of river blindness and elephantiasis. Those need to be deployed, but it’s not economically or practically possible to test every individual for loiasis before they get the drug. Loa Antibody Rapid Test In mid-May, DDTD announced the launch of its Loa Antibody Rapid Test. Designed with the ivermectin conundrum in mind, it’s designed to both rule-in and rule-out patients in the field. The test is small, cheap, and stable at high temperatures for months on end. It requires just a few drops of blood, fed directly into a device that is roughly the size of a human thumb but around half as thick. The results are delivered like a pregnancy test; if a strip appears after 20 minutes then Loa loa antibodies are present. It’s currently a research use only (RUO) tool, Biamonte stressed, which means it can’t be used to inform individual treatment recommendations. Instead, it works as a mapping tool. A team of epidemiologists would be armed with the test and deployed to a region where the infections are common. They would test sample populations of perhaps 100 people from different villages, Biamonte said, feeding the information into a computer model that can predict the likelihood of an adverse event if the local populations are treated with ivermectin. Areas that are co-endemic with Loa loa could thus be excluded from the ivermectin-based interventions. Beyond loiasis, the technology could be applied to other diseases and rapidly deployed in response to an epidemic. All that is needed are the small plastic test kits and a different reagent to identify the antibodies of interest. While DDTD hasn’t yet run clinical trials (largely due to funding restraints) the diagnostic has been independently validated by Thomas Nutman, head of clinical parasitology at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID). Staying afloat Amazingly, DDTD has delivered this test to the market with funding and donations of roughly $500,000. It hasn’t been easy. Biamonte discovered the hard way that the startup world is built around for-profit companies. The same kinds of channels just don’t exist for companies that can’t offer a return on investment. Even Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) grants are out of reach because they require a for-profit component. “These are things that, being a non-profit, worked against us,” he said. The money it has raised has come through a mixture of grants and help from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the U.K.-based Wellcome Trust, and San Diego philanthropists. It borrows equipment and instruments from its neighbor, nanoComposix, with whom it maintains a close relationship. Other companies have gifted the team tools. The actual tests are manufactured by a San Diego-based company with facilities in Tijuana, Mexico. Shockingly, for those coming from the for-profit life sciences world, the startup has also cut costs by not filing patents for its technology and test. It just goes to show how neglected these diseases are. There’s no one else in the wings willing to champion this cause and there’s definitely no money to be made. According to Biamonte, the biomarkers that inform these sorts of tests often sit on the shelf for years before anyone attempts to turn them into a functional product. With no money, there’s no urgency — just a giant cluster of unmet needs. Looking ahead, there is much more DDTD can do — provided they can get the necessary funding and support. In November 2016, it announced a partnership with Janssen Diagnostics, a Johnson & Johnson company, to explore new approaches to detecting river blindness. The team is also working on partnerships with humanitarian organizations and the World Health Organization to get the loa test deployed where it’s needed most. Long term, Biamonte would like to get it approved for clinical use. The team has so far bypassed the expensive clinical trial process by focusing on research applications. But there’s much more this test, the technology, and the dedicated team could do with some funding to keep them moving forward. Photo: drpnncpp, Getty Images Shares1 Topics California, DDTD, Loasis, Merck, San Diego, Tropical diseases —ADVERTISEMENT— Inova Health System and ContinuumRX launch JV —ADVERTISEMENT— Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. No comments GOT NEWS? SEND US A TIP  MedCity >> Inbox Get the latest industry news first when you subscribe to our daily newsletter. Promoted Wilson Sonsini Tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index For 2nd Straight Year The Life Sciences Law Firm Index identifies the most active and relevant firms for life science companies… Brian Dalton From the MedCity Team With RenalGuard, patients with kidney problems can still undergo cardiac interventions Arundhati Parmar  |  8:02 am, May 23 Cure Forward, a clinical trial service for cancer patients, is suspending its services Stephanie Baum  |  11:26 am, May 26 What if the disease you’re targeting isn’t economically viable? Juliet Preston  |  9:47 pm, May 27 Inova Health System and ContinuumRX launch JV Erin Dietsche  |  2:54 pm, May 26 Promoted The Future Of Innovative Healthcare Shopping Report When it comes to healthcare shopping, transparency is key for payers’ consumer strategy. But how […] CHANGE HEALTHCARE × Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Shares1
Science Now Discoveries from the world of science and medicine Science Science Now Immunotherapy drug opens a new era of precision medicine for cancer Mel Evans / Associated Press In a first, the FDA approved the Merck drug Keytruda this week as treatment for a wide range of cancers with a specific genetic signature. In a first, the FDA approved the Merck drug Keytruda this week as treatment for a wide range of cancers with a specific genetic signature. (Mel Evans / Associated Press) Melissa HealyContact Reporter With little fanfare, the Food and Drug Administration did something this week that it's never done before: The agency approved a single prescription drug, pembrolizumab (marketed by Merck as Keytruda) for treatment of solid tumors in any organ so long as the malignancy bears a specific genetic signature. In the fast-moving field of cancer treatment, the FDA’s announcement marks an important milestone, close to two decades in the making. Increasingly, cancer will no longer be identified, categorized and treated by the organ it inhabits, or in which it first gained its foothold. In a shift that is already underway, cancers will be known by — and treated for — the common genetic mutations that nurture and sustain them. In clinical trial evidence cited by the FDA this week, pembrolizumab induced complete or partial tumor shrinkage in about 40% of patients with one of 15 end-stage malignancies. And for 78% of those patients, that response lasted six months or more. A trial reported earlier this year found that in 17 of 30 advanced cancer patients, pembrolizumab stopped or reversed the progression of cancer, and 24 patients were still alive a year after starting the drug. All of those subjects, of course, had cancers with the genetic mutation that pembrolizumab is designed to target. In the treatment of patients with metastatic cancers that have failed all other treatments, that record of success constitutes a “home run,” said Dr. Bert Vogelstein of Johns Hopkins University’s Kimmel Cancer Center. Vogelstein’s 1993 research laid the groundwork for the discovery of pembrolizumab’s broad cancer-fighting powers. With the FDA’s announcement, drugs like pembrolizumab have also begun to change the way that physicians, patients and government regulators think of cancer. No longer will they see all cancers of the lung, breast, colon, brain, liver, pancreas and prostate as distinct from one another. Instead, they will look for the common genetic mutations that give rise to cancers no matter where they’re found. And they’ll treat those cancers with a drug that uses that common signature as a homing beacon, either for the immune system or for targeted cancer drugs to attack. It’s a key principle of what’s called “precision medicine” — the idea that cancer therapies should zero in on a tumor’s specific molecular fingerprint, and not, as most chemotherapies do, harm healthy cells in the process of attacking malignant ones. In the cancers pembrolizumab treats, the mutations occur in the complex of genes that govern DNA repair. Deficiencies in the DNA’s “mismatch repair system” generate mutant proteins on the surface of cancer cells, and pembrolizumab trains the immune system to attack those targets. The mutations that make pembrolizumab effective had already been found in melanoma, non-small-cell lung cancer, head and neck cancer and Hodgkin’s lymphoma, and the FDA had already approved the drug for those cancers before this week. But this week’s FDA approval goes further: It makes clear that the drug’s molecular targets are also common in colorectal, endometrial and gastrointestinal cancers, and less frequently present in cancers of the breast, prostate, bladder, and thyroid gland. All told, scientists believe about 4% of advanced cancers bear the genetic signature that would make them treatable by Keytruda. The appearance of such a cancer workhorse will bring about profound changes on the cancer landscape — not just for patients but for researchers and drug regulators as well. Organizations representing, say, people with pancreatic cancer will make common cause with groups that advocate for colorectal cancer patients. In cancer centers, specialists in, say, melanoma will start (in fact, have already started) treating patients with a range of other cancers. When drug companies and their academic partners set out to test the effectiveness of a prospective cancer drug, they’ll have to recruit trial subjects using a new and much less obvious criterion than they’ve used in the past: the genetic signatures their tumors bear. Even before the FDA’s announcement this week, all these processes were underway. The FDA’s decision recognizes that fact, said Dr. Svetomir Markovic, an immunologist at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., who specializes in treating melanoma. But the decision also puts cancer physicians — as well as insurers, who will be called on to pay Keytruda’s $100,000-per-year price tag — on notice that a new era is at hand, said Markovic. “The field of cancer medicine is changing at lightning speed,” he said. Physicians “are having a hard time keeping up, and I can only imagine that people who are regulating it are doing the same,” he added. “But this decision by the FDA is really wonderful: It has made it easier for us to secure treatment for our patients who may have run out of options that may help.” Two other immunotherapy drugs have been approved for cancer treatment — nivolumab (marketed as Opdivo) and ipilimumab (Yervoy) — but neither has been shown to treat cancers across such a broad spectrum. Several other immunotherapy drugs are in early trials, and could yet prove to be the sort of workhorse that pembrolizumab appears to be. “In many ways we’re at the end of the beginning of immunotherapy: There’s clear benefit but it’s still a minority of patients that get long-term benefit,” said Markovic of the Mayo Institute. “We will get better at this.” Markovic suggested that the newly recognized powers of pembrolizumab, as well as the FDA’s new openness to cancer drugs that blur traditional distinctions, could prompt drug companies, physicians and patient groups to take a second look at some abandoned cancer drugs. With a clearer idea of which patients they might help, and a willingness to design and conduct innovative clinical trials, some failures may look more promising, he said. “We just needed to take the first step in showing that this long-believed theory — that the immune system can kill cancer — is true,” Markovic added. “It indeed can.” Caption Motion graphic shows highlights of Cassini's missions from 2004-2017. Motion graphic shows highlights of Cassini's missions from 2004-2017. Caption Motion graphic shows highlights of Cassini's missions from 2004-2017. Motion graphic shows highlights of Cassini's missions from 2004-2017. Caption The Great American Eclipse The Great American Eclipse Caption New research from Georgia Tech reveals how frog tongues work. New research from Georgia Tech reveals how frog tongues work. Caption According to independent analyses by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the 1.78-degree jump over the mid-20th-century average marks the third year in a row that global temperatures have reached record-shattering levels. According to independent analyses by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the 1.78-degree jump over the mid-20th-century average marks the third year in a row that global temperatures have reached record-shattering levels. Caption Underwater explorers discovered an underwater brine pool at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico. The pit of super-salty water and dissolved methane kills any critter unlucky enough to fall inside. Underwater explorers discovered an underwater brine pool at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico. The pit of super-salty water and dissolved methane kills any critter unlucky enough to fall inside. melissa.healy@latimes.com @LATMelissaHealy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Drugs and Medicines Medical Research Cancer Food and Drug Administration Lung Cancer Mayo Clinic Colon Cancer Roger Moore dies at 89; debonair British actor played James Bond in 7 movies Forcing women to have children is akin to slavery, says a devoutly Christian abortion doctor Chicago police tighten rules guiding officers' use of force Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 62°
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Presentations to Look for at ASCO By Chris Lange May 27, 2017 8:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet It almost the end of May, and that means one thing for biotech investors. The king of biotech and pharma events is about to take place. The 2017 annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) is set to run from June 2 to June 6 in Chicago. This conference has the potential to make or break companies, with winners walking away from this event with a nice gain and losers trying to pick up the pieces. The abstracts for ASCO were released about a week ago, and stocks are already moving in anticipation. Many more companies have yet to release their presentation information for ASCO as well. 24/7 Wall St. wanted to make a brief list of companies that have already signaled that they will be presenting data, or that data will be presented on their behalf, at the 2017 ASCO annual meeting. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) is expected to present incremental new insights on Ibrance and talazoparib. At the same time, data for dacomitinib in first-line EGFR+NSCLC remains under embargo until June 5. Credit Suisse has an Outperform rating for the shares with a $38 price target. The stock closed Friday at $32.14 a share, with a consensus analyst price target of $37.53 and a 52-week trading range of $29.83 to $37.39. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) is reporting more data on executing on I-O/chemo, and an update on the progress with Keytruda+IDO. Credit Suisse has an Outperform rating with a $72 price target. Shares closed the week at $64.92, with a 52-week range of $55.10 to $66.80 and a consensus price target of $69.30. AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) focused on ABT-414 in its abstract, and according to analysts early data looks promising, but they are curious for the update that concerns side effects. Credit Suisse has a Neutral rating with a $65 price target. Shares of AbbVie ended the week at $66.06, with a consensus price target of $72.28 and a 52-week range of $55.06 to $68.12. Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) will be presenting further details on abemaciclib with the MONARCH-2 data in abstract 1000. This study looked at abemaciclib in combination with fulvestrant in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer who had progressed on prior endocrine therapy. Credit Suisse has an Outperform rating for Eli Lilly, with an $87 price target. Shares were last seen at $78.05, with a consensus price target of $89.10 and a 52-week range of $64.18 to $86.72. BlueBird Bio Inc. (NASDAQ: BLUE) will present updated data from its Phase 1 study of bb2121. Shares of BlueBird last traded at $78.70, with a consensus price target of $98.17 and a 52-week range of $36.62 to $100.40. Epizyme Inc. (NASDAQ: EPZM) is presenting updated data at ASCO from its Phase 2 trial of tazemetostat in INI-1 negative solid tumors. Shares of Epizyme closed Friday at $15.60, with a consensus price target of $24.38 and a 52-week range of $7.02 to $18.50. Juno Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ: JUNO) will report an update from its Transcend study of JCAR017. Shares of Juno closed at $23.30. The 52-week range is $17.52 to $49.72, and the consensus price target is $30.50. Kite Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ: KITE) is presenting an update from its Zuma-3 study, as well as additional data from the ZUMA-1 study. Its shares closed at $73.11, with a consensus price target of $84.92 and a 52-week range of $39.82 to $88.58. Merus B.V. (NASDAQ: MRUS) will report the full dataset from the Phase 1 study of HER2 × HER3 MCLA-128. Shares of Merus closed the week at $19.17, within a 52-week range of $7.26 to $33.63. The consensus price target is $31.23. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Fiat 500L Takes an Average of 6 Months to Sell, Worst of Any Car Best Buy and More of the Biggest Earnings Winners From The Past Week » Read more: Healthcare Business, biotech, featured, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft America's Six-Figure Jobs The Most Dangerous City in Every State Customer Service Hall of Shame Recent Disney’s Pirates of the Caribbean Sequel Should Win the Weekend, Despite Lukewarm Reviews Verizon’s Reign as DJIA’s Worst Performing 2017 Stock Now at 6 Weeks Apple Continues as Best Performing DJIA Stock of 2017 Best Buy and More of the Biggest Earnings Winners From The Past Week Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Does Cognizant Technology Fit the Bill as Buffett's Ideal Business? Why I Won't Go Near Brick-and-Mortar Apparel Stocks Right Now Disney Earnings Give a Look at How ESPN Is Facing the Future Deckers Outdoor's stock soars 19% to 9-mo. high, paces NYSE advancers Amazon's stock rises 0.2%, closes at record every day this week S&P 500 ekes out new closing record Should You Buy Wynn Resorts (WYNN) Stock? Here's Why You Should Add Aflac (AFL) Stock to Portfolio Now Global Payments (GPN) to Provide Samsung Pay in Hong Kong Mother of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick killed in boat accident Jet owned by Elvis auctioned after sitting 35 years Trump's trip: Conventional images and unconventional talk 'Pirates 5' Eyes Box Office Domination While 'Baywatch' Drowns Doing The Right Thing Shouldn’t Be This Remarkable Top Trump Economic Adviser: Coal Doesn't Make Sense Anymore Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Scheduled maintenance- beginning May 27th @9:30pm PT and ending on May 28th @5:30am PT. News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Technology Which Biotechs Benefit Most Under Trump's Tax Reform Vision? President Donald Trump speaks with pharmaceutical industry leaders during a meeting at the White House on Jan. 31. (AP) ALLISON GATLIN 8:00 AM ET Reprints Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN), Gilead Sciences (GILD) and Biogen (BIIB) would benefit the most among biotechs under President Trump's proposed tax reform, a measure that would cut the corporate tax rate by 20%. Under Trump's proposal "no business of any size, from a Fortune 500 to a mom-and-pop shop to a freelancer living job to job, will pay more than 15% of their business income in taxes," making corporate inversions unnecessary." The U.S. corporate tax rate is currently 35%. That means Regeneron, Gilead and Biogen — all of which have guided to adjusted tax rates at or above 25% in 2017 — could see a serious boost in cash if Trump's proposal passes. Though, analysts say, it's all about compromise inside the Beltway, so that 15% rate is still up in the air. Trump's approval rating jumped to 39% in May from 34% in April, and he gained 7% in the IBD/TIPP Presidential Leadership Index after unveiling his tax reform proposal. It was the first month-over-month increase since Trump became president. But that doesn't mean Big Pharma and biotech are totally sold on Trump's proposal — a four-page document released April 26. Shares of biotechs and drugmakers collectively lifted less than 1% that day, though generic drug stocks popped 2.8%. Gilead Chief Executive John Milligan noted uncertainty in Washington is the norm. "So I think we've kind of learned to filter that out and focus on the things that are right for the company," he said on Gilead's May 2 first-quarter earnings conference call. "There may be tax reform. There may be repatriation. But you can't count on it and you can't wait for it, either." Corporate Tax Rate Trimmed Trump's plan would slash the U.S. corporate tax rate to 15% from 35%, benefiting companies whose consolidated tax rates remain well above that level. Consolidating taxes allows a firm to treat a group of wholly- or majority-owned companies as a single entity for tax purposes. U.S.-domiciled drugmakers typically pay 37%-40% in consolidated taxes, Canaccord analyst Dewey Steadman told Investor's Business Daily. But companies that acquire a foreign firm can move their tax domicile outside the U.S. to the acquired company's often lower-tax homeland. When Mylan (MYL) acquired a generics manufacturer from Abbott Laboratories (ABT) in 2014, it kept its operational headquarters in Pennsylvania, but reincorporated in the Netherlands. In March, Mylan said it expected to pay a 16.5%-18.5% tax rate in 2017. Similarly, Allergan (AGN) guided in February to a 13.5% adjusted tax rate in 2017. Allergan's corporate headquarters are in Ireland. In April 2016, Pfizer (PFE) scrapped its $160 billion attempt to acquire Allergan a day after the U.S. Treasury unveiled new rules to curb inversions. Former President Barack Obama called global tax avoidance a "huge problem" and urged Congress to close the loophole for good. Trump, on the other hand, says his tax reform proposal would make inversions unnecessary "by making America's tax rate one of the best in the world." Regeneron, Gilead and Biogen would be among the biggest winners of this cut, Evercore analyst Umer Raffat said in an April 26 report. Regeneron has guided to an effective tax rate of 32%-38% in 2017. Gilead sees 25%-28%. In the first quarter, Biogen paid 23% in adjusted taxes. Among drugmakers, Pfizer, Eli Lilly (LLY), Merck (MRK) and Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) all guided to effective tax rates between 20%-25% for 2017. Canaccord's Steadman and Mizuho analyst Salim Syed told IBD everything in politics is subject to negotiation. "Smaller biotechs say it's obviously positive for the future, but everyone is taking a wait-and-see approach," Steadman said. "A 20%-22% rate is probably what's going to happen, but they're not changing their capital expenditures or organizational structure in the meantime." IBD'S TAKE: Looking for the latest on biotech and drug news? Be sure to bookmark IBD's Biotech And Pharma Industry And Stock News page. Could Repatriation Drive Deal Making? A second facet of Trump's plan would allow the one-time repatriation of corporate cash parked overseas at a discounted 10% tax rate. This would be followed by an end to the deferral of taxes on corporate income earned abroad. Evercore's Raffat says Amgen (AMGN) would benefit the most among drugmakers under this provision. Amgen has $34.4 billion in cash stashed overseas. That's money Amgen could use to help boost its war chest amid generic rivalries and a battle with Regeneron/Sanofi (SNY) on the cholesterol front. The same could be said for Gilead — $27.4 billion in overseas cash — which is facing dwindling sales in its hepatitis C drug franchise. Gilead had been under pressure for months amid analyst chatter that it should buy something to bolster sales. Incyte (INCY) is a likely candidate, analysts say. According to Raffat, Merck and Pfizer have a respective $21.9 billion and $15 billion in cash outside the U.S. Lilly, Bristol, Celgene (CELG), Biogen and AbbVie (ABBV) each have under $10 billion parked overseas. That cash could be repatriated for research and development, or used to fuel M&A. Pfizer Chief Executive Ian Read offered a similar view as Gilead's Milligan on the company's May 2 first-quarter earnings conference call. Though he expects industry consolidation to continue over time, the political atmosphere remains a major deterrent. "I believe there is simply too much redundancy and fragmentation, both globally and in the U.S., for the sector to continually efficiently deliver medicines to society," he said. "However, there is a lack of clarity on potential tax reform, health care policies of the U.S. and uncertainties in the European markets." Canaccord's Steadman doesn't expect a wave of M&A even if Trump's tax reform passes muster with Congress. There's no need to attempt Pfizer-Allergan-like mergers for inversion purposes, he said. Though the appetite for U.S. biotechs looks healthy. "We'd see a decline in those big inversion-type mergers that were not necessarily strategic, but you could see an appetite for U.S. biotech assets just because the tax picture looks better," he said. "The net result is actually a decrease in large mergers but maybe an increase in valuations for biotech, but I don't think it drives much more M&A." Uncertainties Abound There's much that's still murky in Trump's tax proposal, analysts say. "The general theme is tax reform would be a good thing for biotech," Mizuho's Syed told IBD. "But we don't exactly know what tax reform is going to be. There are still a lot of pieces moving around. Repatriation? A border tax? We don't have all the components of it." A border tax, though, could be an extreme drawback for U.S. companies with manufacturing in less expensive countries. Such an adjustment could exempt exports from taxation, while taxing imports, PwC analysts Doug Strang and Kathy Michael wrote in a Feb. 6 report. In a January speech at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said a tax would eliminate the tax incentives for U.S. companies to move their manufacturing overseas. "Coupled with the new lower GOP tax rates on local businesses and ending double-taxation of U.S. earnings overseas, this establishes America as a 21st century magnet for new jobs, technology breakthroughs and headquarters," he said. "The GOP tax plan is already driving companies to ask themselves, 'How soon can we bring our suppliers back to the U.S.?'" For most companies, relocating their operations back to the U.S. would be a "paperwork nightmare," Canaccord's Steadman said. In the current plan — which doesn't include a border tax provision — there's nothing to incentivize companies to bring operations back to the U.S. But it could be enough to keep newer and smaller companies from re-domiciling overseas, he said. "It's probably enticing future companies to not leave the U.S., I think that's the core goal of what they're trying to do," he said. "If they were U.S.-domiciled at a lower rate, they wouldn't have to leave cash in a foreign subsidiary and that cash would be based in the U.S. which would encourage investment in the U.S." RELATED: Did Gilead Just Provide Some 'Incyte' Into A Potential Deal? Dow's Pfizer Tops Earnings Views But Sales Come Up Short How Lilly's New Drug Could Spark A Deeper Rivalry With Pfizer, Novartis ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Total prescriptions of Pfizer's eczema drug Eucrisa have flattened out over recent weeks as Regeneron and Sanofi's Dupixent has picked up steam. (Regeneron) Are Regeneron, Sanofi Treading On Pfizer In Eczema? 5/26/2017 Total prescriptions of Pfizer's eczema drug Eucrisa have flattened out over recent weeks as Regeneron and Sanofi's Dupixent has picked... 5/26/2017 Total prescriptions of Pfizer's eczema drug Eucrisa have flattened out... Biotech And Pharma Industry And Stock News Biogen Spinoff Bioverativ Squares Off With Roche After $400 Million Buy Regeneron, Sanofi Undercut Amgen, AbbVie In Rheumatoid Arthritis Amgen, Gilead, Biogen Won't Lead The Biotech Boom — So Who Will? Despite Market Plunge, These Three Stocks Are At New Highs Indexes Bounce Back; Chips Buoy Nasdaq; Facebook Shrugs Off EU Fine Stocks Cling To Gains; Apple, Netflix Lead Nasdaq; Time To Buy Biotechs? Recovering Biotech Stock Enters Buy Zone; Earns Rating Upgrade Today's Spotlight Stay Current with FANG Stocks Want to know how FB, AMZN, NFLX, & GOOGL are doing? Check our latest news and investing insight. MarketSmith Premium Find top stocks with MarketSmith Premium. Take a 3-week trial today. Special Webinar – May 31 Learn advanced buying strategies & see examples of how these techniques can boost portfolio profits. More News The Nasdaq composite's volume, especially at inflection points, has provided clues to success. Volume Speaks Volumes About Stock Trades Tips for living a secure retirement include budgeting, spending from taxable accounts first, and health care planning. (©cromary/stock.adobe.com) Don't Quit Your Job Before Taking These 5 Retirement Steps The time to build an ark is when the sun is shining Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Build your watch list and action plan with a look at stocks set to report. INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Press Esc to close Sunday 28 May 2017 News updated at 12:14 PM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Petition in Pak SC seeks immediate execution of Jadhav      CBSE declares Class XII results, Raksha Gopal tops      PM greets country on Ramzan      British Airways cancels all flights from London after IT snag      Cognizant layoff plea closed in favour of sacked staff: Govt      Pak calls on UN, int'l community to stop violence in Kashmir      AAP to decide on June 6 if it will fight Gujarat polls      People must save Ganga river, insult to it equal to 'rashtra droh': Adityanath      Separatists call for bandh after protests over killing of Hizbul commander      Woman raped by brothers-in-law on husband's behest      China hopes Indian leaders to be present at next OBOR meet      New rules would help plug gap of regulate animal markets      Uphaar tragedy: Accused who threatened AVUT chief apologises      Public money cannot be used to defend Kejriwal: ASG to LG      Rahul meets Saharanpur victims, blames Yogi govt for violence      Civilian killed as protests erupt across Kashmir      Jaitley to launch Aeronautical Test Range in Karnataka tomorrow      New arrests in Manchester bombing, 11 in custody      Blast in Illegal Quarry kills six workers in Andhra Pradesh      India announced $ 500 million fresh Line of Credit to Mauritius      Hizbul operative remanded in judicial custody      'Beef fests' held in Kerala, CM appeals to PM to repeal new cattle law      MHA ask states to set up investigation cells in all districts      Rohit fails dope test, to be stripped off Asian youth medal      Can you call man 'goonda' for selling spurious seeds? No, says SC      Car bomber kills 18 in east Afghanistan on 1st day of Ramadan      India provides help as death toll tops 100 in Lanka floods      Who was Sabzar Bhat?      Rahul leaves for Saharanpur, UP police says will stop him at border      Burhan Wani's successor among eight militants killed in Valley encounters     Next Story Severe underemployment more serious than unemployment: Niti Aayog Read more >> You are here: Home » Business » Sun Pharma's 2018 sales may fall as US market gets tougher Sun Pharma's 2018 sales may fall as US market gets tougher Reuters, Mumbai, May 28 2017, 1:03 IST The world's fifth-largest generic drugs maker is the latest to offer a bleak US forecast, echoing recent comments by rivals Dr Reddy's Laboratories and Lupin. image for representation. India's largest drug group Sun Pharmaceutical Industries said that its US sales might fall this year because of pressure on drug prices, signalling tough market conditions in the United States for generic drugmakers. “The US generics industry is facing rapidly changing market dynamics, (and) increased competitive intensity and customer consolidation is leading to pressure on pricing,” Sun’s Managing Director Dilip Shanghvi said on a call with analysts after the company reported lower than expected fourth-quarter earnings. “We may even have a single digit decline in consolidated revenue for full-year 2018 versus full-year 2017.” The world’s fifth-largest generic drugs maker is the latest to offer a bleak US forecast, echoing recent comments by rivals Dr Reddy’s Laboratories and Lupin. India’s nearly $16 billion drugs industry faces an uncertain future in its largest export market, the United States. A wave of consolidation between the US drug distributors has hit the negotiating power of drugmakers. There is also uncertainty around big healthcare policy changes by the US President Donald Trump . “For many things there is a new normal that is getting established,” Sun’s Shanghvi said in response to analysts queries on how the company planned to deal with the increasing challenges. “We are clearly at the level of profitability where we were 12 years back ... we need to execute better.” Sun’s plan, like that of other large Indian drugmakers, is to make niche products where there's less competition, such as for ophthalmology and dermatology. Sun has been working on fixing problems at its western India-based Halol plant, where the US Food and Drug Administration has raised concerns about quality control violations. Shanghvi said that the company was continuing to fix those issues as it awaited another inspection, which it had no visibility on. It is also partnered with the US firm Merck & Co Inc on developing tildrakizumab, a new drug for psoriasis that Shanghvi said might be launched next year. Hit by a 34% fall in U.S. sales, Sun's profit for the quarter ended March fell 14% to Rs 1,224 crore ($189.94 million), lower than the Rs 1,500 crore that 21 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected, on average. Sales in its second-largest market, India, were up 10 percent, but the business will face a one-time hit from a nationwide tax reform that the government plants to implement July onwards, Shanghvi said. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos RBS gets a week to end investor suit or face trial New civil suit facing Fiat Chrysler UK business sounds alert on election pledges China-Hong Kong bridge to unity, or tentacle of Beijing control? Netflix stealing the limelight at Cannes Japan hits longest GDP growth run in a decade Wall St tumbles as turmoil in Washington spooks investors Pink diamonds sparkle for super-rich UK exporters wary despite Brexit windfall Videos more Watch: Heavy rainfall lashes Bengaluru, uproots trees Watch: Search ops continues to find 3 holed-up terrorists Watch: 8 killed after car rams into tree Tendulkar's biopic gets a thumbs-up from fans Sushma Swaraj meets Mauritius PM Pravind Kumar Jugnauth Shocking! 3 people drown to death in Hirakud reservoir Floods in Sri Lanka: Rescue workers search for survivors Piece of Berlin Wall up for auction Clashes as Venezuela protesters target military base Children beaten at shelter home Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Dalits asked to use soaps, scent before meeting Yogi 2.Tie Arundhati Roy to Army jeep instead of stone-pelter suggests Paresh Rawal 3.Army major who tied man to jeep in Kashmir awarded 4.19 dead in suspected terror attack at Manchester Arena in UK 5.Passengers vandalise Tejas Express on its inaugural journey 1.Bill seeking H-1B limits exemption for foreigners with US PhD introduced 2.Live a life of abundance 3.Men of valour and courage 4.'India, China differences in RCEP offer opportunities for US' 5.Sad over recent IT layoffs, says Narayana Murthy 1. Sad over recent IT layoffs, says Narayana Murthy 2. Woman raped by brothers-in-law on husband's behest 3. Sachin-Anjali romance in biopic cute: daughter Sara 4. Brad Pitt makes a surprise appearance, chats with SRK 5. Meeting with Modi not political, says Nitish Photo Gallery Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with his Mauritian counterpart Pravind Kumar Jugnauth... Congress president Sonia Gandhi pays tributes to first prime minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru... Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi meeting the victims of Saharanpur caste violence at... A Policeman in action against stone pelters during violent clashes which erupt following the... Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia addressing a press conference in New Delhi... Congress activists took out a rally in Kolkata on Saturday, demanding improvement in law and... Youth Congress organised Beef Festivals in front of Ernakulam BJP office in Kochi... Spiritual leader the Dalai Lama confer the Avalokiteshvara Empowerment from the Main Tibetan... The completely damaged house where two militants including a top commander of Hizbul Mujahideen... A group of protesters who have blocked the road near the scene of a fierce gunbattle between... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline Review, H1 2017 ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline Review, H1 2017 this report provides an overview of the Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) pipeline landscape.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 27, 2017 ) Thyroid cancer is a cancer that starts in the thyroid gland. Symptoms include lump that can be felt through the skin on neck, difficulty swallowing, pain in neck and throat and swollen lymph nodes in neck. Predisposing factors include female, high levels of radiation and inherited genetic syndromes. Treatment includes surgery and thyroid hormone therapy. Report Highlights Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) , complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA) , route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Thyroid Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, and Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 1, 3, 29, 21, 1, 10 and 2 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 3 and 5 molecules, respectively. Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Publisher's proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/thyroid-cancer-pipeline-review-h1-2017 Report Scope - The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) . - The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. - The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. - The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. - The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. - The pipeline guide evaluates Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA) , drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. - The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. - The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001709419/sample Reasons to buy - Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. - Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. - Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) . - Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. - Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. - Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it's most promising pipeline therapeutics. - Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Thyroid Cancer (Oncology) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. - Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. - Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Key Company profiles AbbVie Inc Advenchen Laboratories LLC AstraZeneca Plc Bayer AG BeiGene Ltd Biovista Inc Blueprint Medicines Corp Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Celgene Corp Celldex Therapeutics Inc Cytori Therapeutics Inc Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd Ecrins Therapeutics SAS Eisai Co Ltd Ensol Biosciences Inc F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Genelux Corp Genmab A/S GlaxoSmithKline Plc Gradalis Inc Hutchison MediPharma Ltd Ignyta Inc Immune Pharmaceuticals Inc Immunomedics Inc Johnson & Johnson Loxo Oncology Inc MacroGenics Inc MaxiVAX SA Merck & Co Inc Merck KGaA Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc Nerviano Medical Sciences Srl Novartis AG Ono Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Pfizer Inc Plexxikon Inc Rodos BioTarget GmbH Savoy Pharmaceuticals Inc Synactix Pharmaceuticals Inc Tarveda Therapeutics Inc Vaccinex Inc Vascular Biogenics Ltd Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001709419/discount List of Tables Number of Products under Development for Thyroid Cancer, H1 2017 Number of Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 Number of Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 (Contd..1) , H1 2017 Number of Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 (Contd..2) , H1 2017 Number of Products under Development by Universities/Institutes, H1 2017 Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 (Contd..1) , H1 2017 Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 (Contd..2) , H1 2017 Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 (Contd..3) , H1 2017 Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 (Contd..4) , H1 2017 Products under Development by Universities/Institutes, H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Target, H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Target, H1 2017 (Contd..1) , H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Target, H1 2017 (Contd..2) , H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Mechanism of Action, H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Mechanism of Action, H1 2017 (Contd..1) , H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Mechanism of Action, H1 2017 (Contd..2) , H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Route of Administration, H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Molecule Type, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by AbbVie Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Advenchen Laboratories LLC, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by AstraZeneca Plc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Bayer AG, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by BeiGene Ltd, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Biovista Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Blueprint Medicines Corp, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Celgene Corp, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Celldex Therapeutics Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Cytori Therapeutics Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Ecrins Therapeutics SAS, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Eisai Co Ltd, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Ensol Biosciences Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Genelux Corp, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Genmab A/S, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by GlaxoSmithKline Plc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Gradalis Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Hutchison MediPharma Ltd, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Ignyta Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Immune Pharmaceuticals Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Immunomedics Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Johnson & Johnson, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Loxo Oncology Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by MacroGenics Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by MaxiVAX SA, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Merck & Co Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Merck KGaA, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Nerviano Medical Sciences Srl, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Novartis AG, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Ono Pharmaceutical Co Ltd, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Pfizer Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Plexxikon Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Rodos BioTarget GmbH, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Savoy Pharmaceuticals Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Synactix Pharmaceuticals Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Tarveda Therapeutics Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Vaccinex Inc, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Pipeline by Vascular Biogenics Ltd, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Dormant Projects, H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Dormant Projects, H1 2017 (Contd...1) , H1 2017 Thyroid Cancer - Discontinued Products, H1 2017 Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001709419/buy/2000 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Anal Cancer - Pipeline Review, H1 2017 ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Anal Cancer - Pipeline Review, H1 2017 this report provides an overview of the Anal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline landscape.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 27, 2017 ) Anal cancer starts in the anus. Symptoms include rectal bleeding, rectal itching, a lump or mass at the anal opening, pain or a feeling of fullness in the anal area, narrowing of stool, pain or a feeling of fullness in the anal area. Predisposing factors include HPV infections, smoking and lowered immunity. Report Highlights Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Anal Cancer - Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Anal Cancer (Oncology) , complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA) , route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Anal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Anal Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 9, 3, 5 and 2 respectively. Anal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Publisher's proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/anal-cancer-pipeline-review-h1-2017 Report Scope - The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Anal Cancer (Oncology) . - The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Anal Cancer (Oncology) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. - The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. - The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. - The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Anal Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. - The pipeline guide evaluates Anal Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA) , drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. - The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. - The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Anal Cancer (Oncology) Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001709440/sample Reasons to buy - Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. - Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. - Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Anal Cancer (Oncology) . - Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. - Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. - Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it's most promising pipeline therapeutics. - Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Anal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. - Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. - Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Key Company profiles Advaxis Inc Amgen Inc Atara Biotherapeutics Inc Bayer AG BeiGene Ltd Cell Medica Ltd Eli Lilly and Company Immunovaccine Inc ISA Pharmaceuticals BV Merck & Co Inc Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc Ono Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Oryx GmbH & Co KG PDS Biotechnology Corp Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd Taiwan Liposome Company Ltd Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001709440/discount List of Tables Number of Products under Development for Anal Cancer, H1 2017 Number of Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 Products under Development by Companies, H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Target, H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Mechanism of Action, H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Route of Administration, H1 2017 Number of Products by Stage and Molecule Type, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Advaxis Inc, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Amgen Inc, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Atara Biotherapeutics Inc, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Bayer AG, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by BeiGene Ltd, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Cell Medica Ltd, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Eli Lilly and Company, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Immunovaccine Inc, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by ISA Pharmaceuticals BV, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Merck & Co Inc, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Ono Pharmaceutical Co Ltd, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Oryx GmbH & Co KG, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by PDS Biotechnology Corp, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Pipeline by Taiwan Liposome Company Ltd, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Dormant Projects, H1 2017 Anal Cancer - Discontinued Products, H1 2017 Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001709440/buy/2000 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
