Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: The 3 Best HIV Drug Stocks to Buy in 2017 Gilead Sciences, GlaxoSmithKline, and Merck stand out as the top HIV drug stocks. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Apr 9, 2017 at 3:03PM An estimated 36.7 million people around the world have HIV. Around 17 million of them are taking prescription drugs to treat their condition. The total global HIV drug market totals more than $20 billion annually.  There are several choices for investing in HIV drug stocks. Three of the best options for long-term investors are Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD), GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK), and Merck (NYSE:MRK). Here's why these HIV drug stocks could be solid picks in 2017. Image source: Getty Images. Gilead Sciences Gilead Sciences claims the highest market share of any HIV drugmaker. The big biotech had eight HIV drugs combine for sales of more than $12.8 billion in 2016. Gilead's Truvada is the top-selling HIV drug in the world.  A new HIV drug could be on the way soon from Gilead. The biotech is scheduled to wrap up a late-stage study of bictegravir in combination with F/TAF (Descovey) this year. Analysts project the drug could eventually reach peak annual sales of more than $5 billion.  While Gilead's growth was due primarily to its HIV franchise for much of the company's history, in recent years its hepatitis C virus (HCV) drugs have made even more money. Last year, Gilead's HCV drugs combined to generate revenue of $14.8 billion. However, HCV sales are falling significantly, partially because of increased competition but resulting even more from lower patient starts, as the sickest HCV patients have been cured.  The biotech's stock now trades at less than 9 times expected earnings. Many observers think Gilead will soon make one or more key acquisitions to help boost its bottom line. In the meantime, Gilead pays a dividend that currently yields 3.11%. This combination of low valuation, potential for growth through acquisitions, and strong dividend make Gilead Sciences an attractive option for long-term investors. GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline's HIV drugs, Tivicay and Triumeq, combined for sales of nearly $3.4 billion in 2016. What's especially impressive about that amount is that it more than doubled the combined sales of the two drugs in 2015.  HIV represents the fastest-growing market for GlaxoSmithKline's pharmaceuticals segment. However, the company continues to generate significant revenue from its respiratory-drug franchise. In addition, GlaxoSmithKline enjoys solid growth from its vaccines and consumer healthcare business units.  GlaxoSmithKline awaits regulatory approval for several products, including the Shingrix shingles vaccine and rheumatoid arthritis drug sirukumab. The company's pipeline also features multiple promising HIV drugs in late-stage development, plus two respiratory-disease candidates and several experimental drugs for treating rare diseases.  The company's growth prospects make GlaxoSmithKline's stock much more reasonably valued than its trailing-12-month earnings multiple of 91 indicates. Glaxo stock trades at less than 15 times expected earnings. In addition, the dividend currently yields 4.77%.   Merck Merck's sole HIV drug, Isentress, made sales of nearly $1.4 billion last year. However, that reflected a drop from the $1.5 billion in revenue for the drug in 2015. The company hopes to rejuvenate its fortunes in the HIV market with experimental drug doravirine. Merck reported positive results from a late-stage study of the drug in February. Two other late-stage studies of doravirine are also in progress. However, the biggest story for Merck these days centers on its wildly successful cancer drug, Keytruda. The drug generated sales of $1.4 billion last year, but that's practically a drop in the bucket for its potential. Analysts think Keytruda could reach peak annual sales of close to $8 billion.  Merck stock trades at 15 times expected earnings. Its dividend yield stands at 2.95%. Keith Speights owns shares of Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has the following options: short June 2017 $70 calls on Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Apr 9, 2017 at 3:03PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.13 down $0.11 (-0.17%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $41.47 up $0.05 (0.12%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $66.58 up $0.10 (0.15%) Read More 3 Top Healthcare Stocks to Buy Now 3 Tempting High-Yield Dividend Stocks You Should Avoid 3 Underdog Stocks We're Watching Closely 3 Healthcare Stocks That Are Looking Cheap How a Major Drugmaker Plans to Cure Disease... Without Drugs Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The 3 Best HIV Drug Stocks to Buy in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $GSK, $GILD
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Holt Capital Advisors L.L.C. dba Holt Capital Partners L.P. Lowers Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Focused Wealth Management Inc Sells 1,284 Shares of Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Freestone Capital Holdings LLC Lowers Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Shares Bought by Ancora Advisors LLC Hilltop Holdings Inc. Cuts Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Two Sigma Investments LP Buys New Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) Two Sigma Investments LP Invests $164,000 in Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc (BBW) Short Interest in Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Grows By 9.6% Five9 Inc (FIVN) Position Cut by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Buys New Position in BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stake Cut by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Sells 20,334 Shares of Trina Solar Limited (TSL) William Blair Investment Management LLC Lowers Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Guardian Capital LP Has $672,000 Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Acquires 511 Shares of General Electric Company (GE) Guardian Capital Advisors LP Raises Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Raymond James Financial’s (RJF) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Nomura Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Stake in Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. (GIFI) 500.com Ltd (WBAI) Stake Decreased by Fmr LLC Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Freestone Capital Holdings LLC Lowers Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Freestone Capital Holdings LLC decreased its position in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 14.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 8,384 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,466 shares during the period. Freestone Capital Holdings LLC’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $494,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. KBC Group NV increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 32.7% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 1,398,162 shares of the company’s stock worth $87,259,000 after buying an additional 344,592 shares during the last quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 6.6% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 369,150 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,039,000 after buying an additional 22,736 shares during the last quarter. JT Stratford LLC bought a new stake in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $2,394,000. DAVENPORT & Co LLC increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 13.3% in the third quarter. DAVENPORT & Co LLC now owns 1,871,109 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,776,000 after buying an additional 219,289 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Amtrust Financial Services Inc. bought a new stake in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $1,006,000. Institutional investors own 74.10% of the company’s stock. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.13 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $64.62 and a 200 day moving average of $62.49. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 1-year low of $53.06 and a 1-year high of $66.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $173.33 billion, a PE ratio of 44.77 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. The business earned $10.10 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.22 billion. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The business’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.93 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were issued a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.98%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 92.61%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Freestone Capital Holdings LLC Lowers Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/freestone-capital-holdings-llc-lowers-stake-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. MRK has been the subject of a number of research reports. Vetr downgraded shares of Merck & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $52.27 price target for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Bryan, Garnier & Co began coverage on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Friday, January 13th. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC cut shares of Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $67.72. In other news, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total value of $5,881,697.64. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 105,559 shares in the company, valued at $6,751,553.64. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 160,809 shares of company stock valued at $10,261,846 over the last quarter. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 April 2017 by Military News MilliporeSigma Announces First Stops in National Curiosity Cube™ Tour BILLERICA, Mass., Apr. 05 /CSRwire/ –  MilliporeSigma today announced nine stops for the first half of its national, year-long Curiosity Cube™ tour. Built on the company’s successful Curiosity Labs™ program, the Curiosity Cube™—a 22×10-foot, retrofitted shipping container that has been transformed into a mobile science lab—is sparking scientific curiosity through interactive, hands-on science experiments. The Curiosity Cube™ tour started in San Francisco and has since made stops in San Diego, Sacramento and Seattle. With a goal of reaching 350,000 students this year, the mobile science lab will visit more than two dozen locations across the United States, including Laramie, Wyoming (April 7-13); Austin, Texas (April 17-30); Houston (May 1-14); Kansas City, Missouri (May 15-28) and St. Louis (May 29-June 30). “As our Curiosity Cube™ travels the United States, we look forward to engaging curious minds of all ages to explore careers in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM),” said Renee Connolly, Head of Communications & Corporate Responsibility, MilliporeSigma. “A commitment to STEM education today means more scientific breakthroughs in the future. We are proud to offer this first-ever program.” All Curiosity Cube™ experiments are staffed by MilliporeSigma employees—allowing visitors to ask questions and discuss possibilities of future careers in the industry. To help execute the Curiosity Cube™ experience, MilliporeSigma is collaborating with Betabox—a provider of on-demand, customized mobile lab spaces supplied with advanced equipment and technologies to promote hands-on learning. Equipped with these tools, the Curiosity Cube™ allows visitors to become immersed in specific science topics—from learning about how DNA works to building their own, custom microbe using a 3D printer. To learn more, or to follow the Curiosity Cube™ tour and other MilliporeSigma activities, visit www.thecuriositycube.com and follow #SPARKCuriosity on Twitter and Facebook. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in health care, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses— Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials—and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company—since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark “Merck” internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About the Corporate Responsibility Efforts of the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Through its Corporate Responsibility initiatives, the life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, harnesses the collective expertise, passion and energy of employees to minimize its environmental footprint and positively impact communities around the world. The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is uniquely positioned to solve the toughest problems in life science through its efforts aligned with strengths in research, innovation and collaboration with the global scientific community. This helps differentiate its business and provides a competitive edge for its customers, while accelerating access to health for people everywhere. The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany demonstrates its commitment to Corporate Responsibility through extensive programs in three main areas: Greener Products and Solutions—which includes Design for Sustainability, Green Chemistry, Packaging and Recycling initiatives; Employee and Community Engagement; and Sustainable Operations. Contact: Karen Tiano MilliporeSigma CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Slovakia: Higher ARPS Following Migration to FTTx and 4G Services to Boost Revenue Growth in Telecom Market | MRH Next PostNext Cox Enterprises Amplifies The Trust for Public Land’s Mission to Create Parks and Protect Land for People Search Recent Posts HNA Optimizes American Property Layout – High-end Office Building at Midtown Manhattan on sale comScore Announces Official Worldwide Box Office Results for Weekend of April 9, 2017 comScore Announces Official Worldwide Box Office Results for Weekend of April 9, 2017 HNA Optimizes American Property Layout – High-end Office Building at Midtown Manhattan on sale HNA Optimizes American Property Layout – High-end Office Building at Midtown Manhattan on sale Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Suivez Capital.fr : Abonnez-vous à la Newsletter Se connecter DIAPORAMAS VIDÉOS QUIZ Bourse . Accueil . Actualités . Analyses de la séance . Interviews . Vidéos . Indices . Cotations de A à Z . Palmarès actions . Devises . Matières premières Finances perso . Accueil . Actualités . Conseils . Interviews . Dossiers . Les taux 2016 des contrats d'assurance vie . Guide de la succession . Comparateur de banques . Comparateur Livrets d'épargne . Palmarès Sicav, FCP, trackers . Comparateur de contrats Assurance vie . Comparateur contrats Assurances Auto, Moto, Habitation, Santé... . Comparateur de crédits conso . Comparateur de rachats de crédits . Comptes d'une famille . Grand Concours de l'Assurance vie Immobilier . Accueil . Actualités . Conseils . Interviews . Dossiers . Prix, ville par ville . Annonces immobilières . Immobilier neuf et défiscalisation . Estimer le prix d'un logement . Comparateur de crédits immobiliers . Calculettes crédits . Comparateur de crédits Travaux . Sélection de SCPI . Tribune d'Henry Buzy-Cazaux Carrière . Accueil . Actualités . Guide du manager . Coaching . Conseils juridiques . Dossiers . Entreprendre . Un patron, un conseil . Les pionniers du management . Le guide de l'expatriation . Offres d'emploi . Estimer son salaire . Faire un bon CV . Trouver une franchise . Chroniques d'experts d'Harvard Business Review France . Ce mois-ci dans Management Retraite . Accueil . Actualités . Conseils . Interviews . Dossiers . Guide de la retraite . Moteurs de calcul . Lexique commenté . Comparateur de contrats d'assurance vie Enquêtes . Accueil . Succès . Dérapages . Hommes et Affaires . Stratégie . Economie . Révélations . Documents . Dossiers . Clins d'oeil . Dans le bureau des patrons . Histoire éco Art de vivre . Accueil . High-Tech . Conso . Loisirs . Plaisirs de la table . Foires aux vins 2016 . Meilleures enseignes . Diaporamas Abonnement magazines Bourse Actualités @AOF Publié le 07/04/2017 à 14:10 MERCK & CO : la FDA dit non au Sitagliptin (AOF) - Merck & Co est attendu en baisse à l'ouverture. La FDA a refusé la commercialisation de son traitement contre la diabète du type 2, Sitagliptin, en raison des complications cardiaques qu'il peut engendrer. Le laboratoire américain va travailler avec la FDA pour pallier cet effet secondaire. AOF - EN SAVOIR PLUS Pharmacie - Santé Les fusions-acquisitions ralentissent dans l'industrie mondiale. Selon une étude menée par PwC, la valeur des deals entre entreprises du médicament a atteint 173,2 milliards de dollars sur les trois premiers trimestres de l'année, malgré une acquisition de poids (Medivation racheté par Pfizer pour 14 milliards de dollars). Sur la même période, le montant a atteint 261,6 milliards de dollars en 2015 (pour un total de plus de 300 milliards de dollars sur l'ensemble de l'année). Le cabinet de conseil explique ce phénomène par le fait que les acquéreurs préfèrent désormais des cibles de plus petites tailles, dans une logique de diversification, pour se recentrer sur quelques domaines thérapeutiques. De plus les attaques sur le prix des médicaments ont rendu les acteurs méfiants pour l'avenir. Mots clés FDA Merck L'actualité en vidéo Réagissez ! Les plus lus : bourse Les astuces d’Uber pour forcer les chauffeurs à rouler pour elle Historique : il se vend plus de voitures essence que de diesel en France Pour prendre le TGV, il faudra passer par Bolloré + sur le sujet « FDA » BIOMERIEUX : le système d'hémoculture BacT/Alert Virtuo reçoit l'accréditation de la FDA TiGenix publie ses résultats pour l'exercice 2016 bioMérieux reçoit l’accréditation de la FDA pour son système d’hémoculture automatisé BacT/ALERT® VIRTUO™ Nicox: Point sur ses activités et résultats financiers 2016 QUANTUM GENOMICS : Résultats annuels 2016 et prochaines étapes de développements en 2017 SANOFI/REGENERON : feu vert de la FDA pour le Dupixent CORR-Roche obtient le feu vert de la FDA aux USA pour l'Ocrevus SANOFI : la FDA approuve Dupixent dans la dermatite atopique modérée à sévère Sanofi et Regeneron annoncent l'approbation par la FDA de Dupixent® (dupilumab), le premier traitement biologique ciblé pour les adultes atteints de dermatite atopique modérée à sévère Retour haut de page Bourse Stats éco Finances perso Immobilier Carrière Retraite Enquêtes Art de vivre © Copyright 1997 - 2016 Capital.fr -  Contactez-nous  |  Abonnement magazine  |  Conditions d'usage  |  Charte pour la protection des données  |  Tous vos magazines
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Professional Market Analysis: Global Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 This report studies sales (consumption) of Corticosteroid in Global market, especially in USA, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Sumitomo Pfizer Novartis Merck Sanofi Johnson and Johnson GSK AstraZeneca Cipla … Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroid in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like USA China Europe Japan India Southeast Asia Split by product Types, with Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into聽 Cream Injection Other Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroid in each application, can be divided into Hospital Clinic Other Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-474533.html Table of contents 1 Corticosteroid Overview 2 Global Corticosteroid Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3 USA Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4 China Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5 Europe Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6 Japan Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7 India Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 8 Southeast Asia Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 9 Global Corticosteroid Manufacturers Analysis 10 Corticosteroid Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Corticosteroid Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Appendix Related Reports: Europe Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 China Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 20177 India Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Japan Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Korea Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 United States Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Contact Details: Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher Contact Person: Tina Ning Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN) Web: http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global 4-Caster Rollators Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext Trinitymascot Consultancy Services Pvt.Ltd. Announces Efforts to Hire More People to Take Their Product to Next Level Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Professional Market Analysis: Global Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 This report studies sales (consumption) of Corticosteroid in Global market, especially in USA, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Sumitomo Pfizer Novartis Merck Sanofi Johnson and Johnson GSK AstraZeneca Cipla … Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroid in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like USA China Europe Japan India Southeast Asia Split by product Types, with Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into聽 Cream Injection Other Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroid in each application, can be divided into Hospital Clinic Other Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-474533.html Table of contents 1 Corticosteroid Overview 2 Global Corticosteroid Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3 USA Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4 China Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5 Europe Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6 Japan Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7 India Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 8 Southeast Asia Corticosteroid (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 9 Global Corticosteroid Manufacturers Analysis 10 Corticosteroid Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Corticosteroid Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Appendix Related Reports: Europe Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 China Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 20177 India Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Japan Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Korea Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 United States Corticosteroid Sales Market Report 2017 Contact Details: Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher Contact Person: Tina Ning Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN) Web: http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global 4-Caster Rollators Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext Trinitymascot Consultancy Services Pvt.Ltd. Announces Efforts to Hire More People to Take Their Product to Next Level Search Recent Posts Global Cloud Professional Services Market Research Report Insights 2017-2022 Worldwide Automotive Usage-Based Insurance Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Manufacturers Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2021 Global Mobile Device Management Market By Deployment, Solution Type, Industry, Geography, Trends and Forecast to 2022 Generex Biotechnology Corp. (GNBTD: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change Canadian Imperial Venture Corp. (CIMVD: Grey Market) | Symbol Change Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Global Contraceptives Market, Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecast to 2021 According to the report “Global Contraceptives Market”, published by Market Data Forecast, the global market projected to reach USD 29.60 billion by 2021, at a CGSR of 6.6% from 2016 to 2021. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/ Contraceptives market is predicted to rise rapidly due to increasing awareness in making right decisions about their reproductive and sexual health. Contraception is a prevention of pregnancy by interfering with normal process of fertilization, ovulation and implantation through the use of drugs, surgical techniques, barriers, medical devices. They are the drugs which will also inhibit sexually transmitted diseases. These devices are available in different forms such as T-shaped, loop, coil, and triangle which are mostly made up of metal or plastic. Currently the trend witnessed in this market is the development of products such as sub-dermal contraceptive implants, vaginal rings, self-administrative contraceptive injections, non-surgical permanent contraception devices, etc. Free sample of the report is available at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/request-sample The major drivers that influencing the market are increasing development of effective female contraceptive devices and drugs, implementation of the patient protection act as well as rising global prevalence of sexually transmitted infections (STI), technological advancements, increasing initiatives from government and NGO to promote contraceptives. Instead of critical family procedures adoption of new permanent contraceptive is the major factor in low-income countries. Constraints that are hindering the growth of the market are the raising prevalence of infertility, side effects associated with the use of contraceptive devices and drugs. Request for Discount http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/request-discount The products are segmented based on Drug type and Medical Devices and studied for a deep-level understanding of the Contraceptives Market. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. Based on Drug type:                              ·         Contraceptive pills               ·         Topical contraceptives       ·         Contraceptive injectable   ·         Others (contraceptive gels, jellies and creams)        Based on Medical Devices:                 ·         Male contraceptive devices             ·         Female contraceptive devices        ·         Female condoms ·         Intrauterine devices ·         Contraceptive sponges ·         Contraceptive diaphragms ·         Contraceptive patches ·         Subdermal contraceptive implants ·         Non-surgical permanent contraceptive devices Basis of geography, the Contraceptives market is analyzed under various regions namely North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Geographical Segmentation: ·         North America Contraceptives Market ·         Europe Contraceptives Market ·         Asia-pacific Contraceptives Market ·         Latin America Contraceptives Market ·         Middle East and Africa Contraceptives Market Enquire more about the report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-contraceptives-market-1228/inquire The key players in Global Contraceptives Market are Bayer HealthCare AG, Medisafe Distribution Inc, Church & Dwight, Co., Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Actavis, Inc., Cooper Surgical, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Pace Pharmaceuticals Inc., Medicines360, Reckitt Benckiser plc, Mayer Laboratories, Inc., and Pfizer, Inc. Buy now http://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-contraceptives-market-1228 Technological advancements in intrauterine contraceptive devices are expected to create new opportunities for new players in the global intrauterine contraceptive device market in the years to come. Increasing number of mergers and acquisitions and rising number of product innovations are some of the recent trends shown in the global intrauterine contraceptive device market. The Contraceptives Market study offers the following deliverables: Global, regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of Drug type and Medical Devices along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter’s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Medical Devices Segment: General Surgical Devices Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-general-surgical-device-market–1440/ Laparoscopy Device Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-laparoscopy-device-market-668/ Medical Device 3D Printing Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-medical-device-three-dimension-printing-market-330/ Wound Care Management Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-wound-care-management-devices-market-1644/ Refurbished Medical Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-refurbished-medical-devices-market-698/ About Market Data Forecast: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit @ www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brand Influencer Ann Mathew Offers Brand Collaboration Services To Businesses Next PostNext Cardiovascular Therapeutic Drugs Market Research Report 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Body Contouring Implants Market Analysis to 2021 and Forecasts Global Fluorescent Whitening Agents (FWAs) Market Research Report 2017 Global Handmade Eyelash Market Research Report 2017 Manual External Defibrillator Market Report 2017 on EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Market forecast: Global Pet Food Nutraceutical Sales Market Report 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Comprehensive Data Analysis: Global Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-473851.html In this report, the global Swine Healthcare market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering     North America     Europe     China     Japan     Southeast Asia     India Global Swine Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including     Zoetis     Merck     Merial (Sanofi)     Elanco (Eli Lilly)     Bayer Animal Health     Boehringer Ingelheim     Novartis Animal Health     Virbac     Ceva Sante Animale     Vetoquinol On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into     Vaccines     Parasiticides     Anti-infectives     Medicinal Feed Additives     Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare for each application, including     Farm     House     Others Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-473851.html Table of Contents 1 Swine Healthcare Market Overview 2 Global Swine Healthcare Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Swine Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Swine Healthcare Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Swine Healthcare Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Swine Healthcare Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Swine Healthcare Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Swine Healthcare Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Swine Healthcare Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Related Reports: Europe Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 China Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 India Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Japan Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Korea Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Sales Market Report 2017 United States Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Contact Details: Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher Contact Person: Tina Ning Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN) Web: http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Next PostNext Global Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Sales Market Report 2017 Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Comprehensive Data Analysis: Global Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-473851.html In this report, the global Swine Healthcare market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering     North America     Europe     China     Japan     Southeast Asia     India Global Swine Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including     Zoetis     Merck     Merial (Sanofi)     Elanco (Eli Lilly)     Bayer Animal Health     Boehringer Ingelheim     Novartis Animal Health     Virbac     Ceva Sante Animale     Vetoquinol On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into     Vaccines     Parasiticides     Anti-infectives     Medicinal Feed Additives     Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Swine Healthcare for each application, including     Farm     House     Others Ask a comprehensive report sample, please feel free to contact to tinaning@qyresearch.com or http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/goods-473851.html Table of Contents 1 Swine Healthcare Market Overview 2 Global Swine Healthcare Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Swine Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Swine Healthcare Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Swine Healthcare Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Swine Healthcare Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Swine Healthcare Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Swine Healthcare Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Swine Healthcare Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Related Reports: Europe Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 China Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 India Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Japan Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Korea Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Sales Market Report 2017 United States Swine Healthcare Market Research Report 2017 Contact Details: Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher Contact Person: Tina Ning Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN) Web: http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Next PostNext Global Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Sales Market Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Variable Prescaler Circuits Market Analysis and Forecast: Based On Latest Research 2021 Global Web Analytics Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Global Building Automation Market is Anticipated to Reach $67.1 Billion by 2022 Anybody Ordering Online from the Market Leader for In-Vehicle Equipment Sortimo will Pay via Wirecard New Report Explores the World System-on-Chip (SoC) Market Overview with Forecast To 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients market is expected to grow from $129.12 billion in 2015 to reach $198.8 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 6.4%. Patent expiration of prominent drugs, government initiatives, regional penetration and increasing aged population are some of the factors that are driving the market growth. Strict validation and safety guidelines stated by WHO and fragmented market are the factors that are hampering the API market growth. Generic/Non- Branded segment witnessed the largest market share during the forecast period due to rising healthcare costs, government prominence on generics for dropping healthcare costs, and decreasing pipelines of global pharmaceutical products. Asia Pacific is expected to be highest market share during the forecast period due to low operation costs and high investments in medical research. Moreover, the high cost of skilled labour and energy are the most significant factors that enforced European market to move its base to developing countries, such as India and China. Some of the key players in global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients market include Bioniche Animal Health (Canada), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Bayer Healthcare (Germany), Merial Inc. (Sanofi) (France), Elanco Animal Health (U.S.), Merck Animal Health (U.S.), Ceva Animal Health, Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd.,  Novartis International AG, Ranbaxy Laboratories, Virbac, Zoetis (U.S.), Pfizer, Inc, Aurobindo Pharma Ltd., and Heska Co. (U.S.). For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/active-pharmaceutical-ingredients-market-2016       Types of API Covered: • Synthetic chemical API o Branded/ Innovative o Generic/Non- Branded • Biological API o Biotech o Biosimilar • High potency active pharmaceutical ingredients(HPAPI) Manufacturing Types Covered: • Captive (or in-house) manufacturing • Contract manufacturing Therapeutic Applications Covered: • Anti-Infectives • Cardiovascular and hematopoietic system • CNS and Neurological Disorders • Diabetes • Endocrinology • Gastrointestinal disorder • Hormonal-related disorder • Metabolic disorder • Musculoskeletal disorder • Nephrology • Oncology • Ophthalmology • Orthopedic Disorders • Pulmonology Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/active-pharmaceutical-ingredients-market-2016       https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Asia-Pacific Oilfield Chemicals Industry Outlook to 2022 Next PostNext 2017 Asia-Pacific Paints and Coatings Market Segmented by Product and Application 2022 Search Recent Posts ‘We want a law banning Cow Slaughter across the country’: RSS Sarasanghachalak Dr Mohan Bhagwat Asia-Pacific Thermosetting Plastics Market Forecasts Industry 2017-2022 2017 Asia-Pacific PUR Hot Melt Adhesives Market Analysis, Current Trends, Forecast to 2022 Routers Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. SEAFCO PCL (SET:SEAFCO): Providing the Foundation for Thailand in a Sustainable Manner Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Alzheimer's disease & dementia April 8, 2017 Plotting the demise of Alzheimer's: New study is major test for power of early action April 8, 2017 by Alvin Powell Credit: Harvard University Catch it early. Those are watchwords in the battle against a host of illnesses, from heart disease to cancer to Type 2 diabetes. Early detection gives physicians a chance to minimize damage, to insert a stent and keep blood flowing to the heart, to remove a tumor before one becomes many, to urge crucial lifestyle changes: lose weight, eat better, exercise. But can the strategy work for Alzheimer's disease? Scientists are starting to think it might.The Harvard Aging Brain Study, a National Institute on Aging-backed project now in its seventh year, has shown that amyloid beta, the protein thought to cause Alzheimer's, accumulates in the brain a decade or more before symptoms occur. That finding has given new hope to researchers struggling to move beyond a rash of high-profile Alzheimer's failures in clinical drug trials. In February, just three months after Eli Lilly & Co. announced a trial failure, drug maker Merck & Co. halted a study. Several additional drugs are still in trials, but researchers are reconsidering their approach and wondering whether the problem is in trying to reverse, rather than prevent, dementia "I think we've failed in 11 phase 3 trials, which is not a good track record," said Reisa Sperling, a neurology professor at Harvard Medical School, a physician at Brigham and Women's Hospital, and co-director of the Harvard Aging Brain Study at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH). "From a clinical point of view, it's a dismal failure." Now, the "catch it early" idea is being put to the test in a new study called A4, or Anti-Amyloid Treatment in Asymptomatic Alzheimer's Disease, led by Sperling and the University of Southern California's Paul Aisen. Researchers will try an anti-amyloid drug on people who show no signs of cognitive decline, but who do have abnormally high levels of amyloid beta in their brains. "I think this is a tremendously important trial," said Aisen. "It's the first trial in a population we refer to as 'preclinical Alzheimer's disease.' We believe this is identifying an early stage of the disease, not just 'at risk' [patients].... If we wait for people to have symptoms, there's already substantial neuro-degeneration." Alzheimer's is the sixth-leading cause of death in the United States, killing about 94,000 people annually, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. An estimated 5 million Americans are living with the disease, a figure expected to climb to 13.5 million by 2050, according to a report by the Alzheimer's Association. Costs of care are projected to rise from $226 billion in 2015 to $1.1 trillion by 2050, with Medicare and Medicaid paying 70 percent. Developing a treatment to delay Alzheimer's onset by just five years by 2025 could save an estimated $935 billion over the following 10 years, the report says. In recent decades, researchers have worked out what many believe is the step-by-step process through which Alzheimer's does its work. Amyloid beta, a naturally occurring protein whose normal function in the brain remains unclear, builds to unhealthy levels. The amyloid beta forms plaques, which in turn lead to tangles of a protein called tau inside nerve cells, killing them. This triggers inflammation, a natural infection-fighting response, which in this case makes things worse. The video will load shortly Researchers are making breakthroughs in early detection of Alzheimer's. Credit: Kai-Jae Wang A4 is screening 5,000 cognitively normal candidates, age 65 to 85, with the goal of enrolling about 1,150 who have elevated amyloid beta levels. The trial will test Eli Lilly's solanezumab, an anti-amyloid antibody that was proved safe, though judged ineffective, in patients with mild dementia due to Alzheimer's. The antibody targets soluble forms of the protein, not the plaques themselves. Though solanezumab has been tried in Alzheimer's patients without success, the data from that trial held indications of positive trends, said Sperling. The A4 study—being conducted at 67 sites in the U.S., Canada, Japan, and Australia—has already enrolled 875 people and is funded by the National Institutes of Health, Eli Lilly, and several philanthropic organizations. Much of the launch work—signing up participants and managing data—is being conducted by the Alzheimer's Therapeutic Research Institute at USC's Keck School of Medicine. The A4 study rests on a foundation laid by the Harvard Aging Brain Study, which began in 2009 and is headed by Sperling and Keith Johnson, a professor of radiology at HMS and MGH. The study, which has funding to run through 2019, images the brains of 60- to 90-year-olds to follow changes over time. By early 2013, it was clear that patients who started out with higher amyloid levels—even those who were cognitively normal—had a much faster rate of decline in cognitive ability, four to five times that of patients with normal levels of the protein, Sperling said. Those findings pointed to a far earlier beginning of the disease than scientists had grasped and led to the "catch it early" approach of A4. Sperling worries, however, that even the A4 design might be intervening too late, and that, though subjects are cognitively normal, their high amyloid levels mark a cascade ending in dementia a drug won't halt. And that isn't her only worry. Though the amyloid-tau-inflammation scenario has gained wide support, skeptics remain. In fact, there are enough exceptions in the Harvard Aging Brain Study to give Sperling pause: cases of people with high levels of amyloid beta who don't experience cognitive decline and others with lower levels who nonetheless progress rapidly. "I think there's still a lot of questions," she said. "We can still only account for 50 percent—on a good day—of the variance of what happens to people cognitively. I do worry, what if we're completely on the wrong track? What if it's all circumstantial? What if there's some giant X-factor we've missed?" Dorene Rentz, an associate professor of neurology at HMS and the Brigham and co-director, with Sperling, of the hospital's Center for Alzheimer Research and Treatment, is also working on the A4 study. For Rentz open questions in Alzheimer's include the relative roles of amyloid beta and tau. Though removing amyloid beta has been a major thrust of drug development, it could be that tau, which forms the tangles within neurons, has to be removed to see a clinical effect. And no tau-removing compounds have been developed. Credit: Graphic by Judy Blomquist/Harvard Staff "But the argument in the community is we have to start somewhere," Rentz said. "All we've done is fail." The inflammation associated with the disease—part of the process of clearing amyloid and tau proteins from the brain, but itself destructive to tissue—amounts to another unanswered question, Sperling said. It's possible that inflammation has to be reduced or avoided entirely to avoid cognitive damage. Another possibility is that Alzheimer's is part of an underlying problem, an inability to handle waste proteins and, as Sperling put it, "empty the body's protein garbage can." Potentially pointing to a broader problem is the fact that other neurodegenerative diseases, such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Parkinson's, are also related to abnormal protein accumulation. Despite these questions, Sperling, Aisen, and Rentz agree that there's a sense of hope in the Alzheimer's community, a feeling that progress in several areas has put science on the verge of a breakthrough. "I am very hopeful about the field in general," Aisen said. "There's a number of promising therapies. I believe we're going to be successful and I believe dramatically successful. This is an enormous world health problem and a major problem in this country's health." Should A4 fail, Sperling has a plan for trying to catch the disease earlier still. While A4 is targeting cognitively normal patients with high amyloid levels, she's designing A3, which would test interventions on people age 60—or even 50—who are cognitively normal and whose amyloid levels have yet to rise. "A3 is trying to get closer to primary prevention, pushing the envelope," Sperling said. For Sperling and Rentz, Alzheimer's is not just a clinical problem, but also a personal one. Rentz's husband has the disease and is currently participating in a drug trial, and Sperling's career sprang from her grandfather's Alzheimer's, which became apparent when she was applying to medical school. Her father, who was a chemistry professor at Lehigh University, was diagnosed with the disease six years ago and died last year. "I naively thought I could do something before it affected other members of my family," Sperling said. "I hope my kids don't have to take care of me that way and, hopefully, my grandchildren won't even know what Alzheimer's is." Explore further: Never before seen images of early stage Alzheimer's disease Provided by: Harvard University 99 shares feedback to editors This story is published courtesy of the Harvard Gazette, Harvard University's official newspaper. For additional university news, visit Harvard.edu. Tweet Favorites Email Print PDF Featured Last comments Popular Grey hair linked with increased heart disease risk in men Apr 08, 2017 3 Plotting the demise of Alzheimer's: New study is major test for power of early action Apr 08, 2017 1 Brain's navigation more complex than previously thought Apr 07, 2017 4 Why did we see 'the dress' differently? The answer lies in the shadows, new research finds Apr 07, 2017 6 How sleep deprivation affects memory-making in the brain Apr 07, 2017 1 more » Medical Xpress on facebook Related Stories Never before seen images of early stage Alzheimer's disease March 13, 2017 Researchers at Lund University in Sweden have used the MAX IV synchrotron in Lund – the strongest of its kind in the world - to produce images that predate the formation of toxic clumps of beta-amyloid, the protein believed ... An Alzheimer's drug fails, but many others still in testing November 23, 2016 Another major Alzheimer's drug study has failed, leaving patients and families wondering if there ever will be a treatment to slow or reverse the most common form of dementia, which afflicts more than 5 million in the United ... Healthy seniors tested in bid to block Alzheimer's June 9, 2014 In one of the most ambitious attempts yet to thwart Alzheimer's disease, a major study got underway Monday to see if an experimental drug can protect healthy seniors whose brains harbor silent signs that they're at risk. 'Pac-Man' gene implicated in Alzheimer's disease July 26, 2016 A gene that protects the brain from the harmful build-up of amyloid-beta, one of the causative proteins implicated in Alzheimer's disease, has been identified as a new target for therapy by NeuRA researchers. Glaucoma drug may have potential to treat Alzheimer's disease December 9, 2016 A drug which is used to treat the common eye disease glaucoma may have potential as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease, according to scientists at UCL. New Alzheimer's study aims to delay or prevent symptoms June 17, 2016 USC researchers announced Tuesday they will test a promising drug aimed at preventing or delaying the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. Recommended for you Ultrasound and drug research holds promise for Alzheimer's disease April 5, 2017 Non-invasive ultrasound improves the delivery to the brain of a therapeutic antibody targeting Alzheimer's disease, University of Queensland researchers have found. Protein that regulates brain cell connections could be new target for treating Alzheimer's disease March 27, 2017 In experiments with a protein called Ephexin5 that appears to be elevated in the brain cells of Alzheimer's disease patients and mouse models of the disease, Johns Hopkins researchers say removing it prevents animals from ... Researchers focus on cell membranes to develop Alzheimer's treatments March 23, 2017 Thin parts of the cell membranes of neurons turn out to be particularly vulnerable to a protein that collects in the brain of people with Alzheimer's disease, according to a University of Michigan researcher. Insulin resistance may lead to faster cognitive decline March 21, 2017 A new Tel Aviv University study published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease finds that insulin resistance, caused in part by obesity and physical inactivity, is also linked to a more rapid decline in cognitive performance. ... Changes in the vascular system may trigger Alzheimer's disease March 21, 2017 As the average age of Americans increases, so too does the problem of Alzheimer's, one of the world's most common neurological diseases. In recent years, scientists have explored many new approaches to clear the plaques and ... Genetic assessment developed to determine risk for age-associated Alzheimer's disease March 21, 2017 An international team of scientists, led by researchers at University of California San Diego School of Medicine and University of California San Francisco, has developed a novel genetic score that allows individuals to calculate ... 1 comment 2.5 Adjust slider to filter visible comments by rank Display comments: newest first staceybeetge not rated yet 6 hours ago My ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis) symptoms started out with a "foot drop" on my left foot. From there my left leg lost all muscle tone and then the entire left leg muscles were gone. Also my fingers and thumbs "contract" at times. Left arm was losing muscle tone too.I was given medications to slow down the progress of the disease,i resorted to a wheelchair (Perbombil C300).This was till my husband's sister introduced my husband to a herbal clinic in Johannesburg who sell herbal medicines to cure all kind of diseases including ALS, we contacted the herbal clinic via their email and purchased the ALS herbal remedy, we received the herbal medicine via courier within 7 days and commenced usage as prescribed, its totally unexplainable how all the symptoms gradually dissapeared, my speech has greatly improved and am able to walk a distance now with no help, contact this herbal clinic via their email healthherbalclinic@ gmail. com Or website www. healthherbalclinic. weebly. com Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read more Click here to reset your password. Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made. Topics Addiction Alzheimer's disease & dementia Arthritis & Rheumatism Attention deficit disorders Autism spectrum disorders Cancer Cardiology Dentistry Diabetes Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes Genetics Health HIV & AIDS Immunology Inflammatory disorders Medical research Medications Neuroscience Obstetrics & gynaecology Ophthalmology Other Overweight and Obesity Parkinson's & Movement disorders Pediatrics Psychology & Psychiatry Sleep apnea Surgery Conditions Asthma Breast cancer Cardiovascular disease Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Colon cancer Coronary artery disease Dementia Depression Heart attack Heart disease High blood pressure Influenza Kidney disease Leukemia Lung cancer Malaria Melanoma Multiple sclerosis Myocardial infarction Ovarian cancer Post traumatic stress disorder Rheumatoid arthritis Schizophrenia Skin cancer Stroke Type 2 diabetes Full List » Latest news Week's top Unread news Enter your Science X account credentials Remember me Forget password? Sign In Sign in with your Facebook or Google+ account Not a member? Register Profile Newsletter Favorites Activity PM My news Sign out top Home Search Mobile version Help About us FAQ Сontact Science X Account Sponsored Account Newsletter RSS feeds Cancer / Oncology HIV & AIDS news Immunology news Genetics news Connect Privacy Policy Terms of Use Medical Disclaimer © Medical Xpress 2011 - 2017, Science X network
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Europe Contraceptives Market Research Report 2021 As per the syndicated report published by Market Data Forecast Europe Contraceptives Market which is estimated to be USD 5.59 billion in 2016 is poised to reach USD 7.66 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 6.50% from 2016 to 2021. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-contraceptives-market-1230/ It can attribute to the factors such as increasing development of effective female contraceptive devices and drugs, increasing initiatives from government and NGO to promote contraceptives, advancement in technologies are drivers of Europe Contraceptives Market. Restraints the growth of the market are the side effects associated with the use of contraceptive devices and drugs, rising prevalence of infertility.   The European contraceptives market enjoys a high degree of product penetration especially, in segments such as intrauterine devices (IUD) and subdermal implants. Free sample of the report is available at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-contraceptives-market-1230/request-sample Male and female condoms, sponges, IUDs, vaginal implants, subdermal implants, and diaphragms are important devices and accounted for the largest share of the market in terms of revenue. This is attributed to the efficiency of condoms to inhibit the infections and growing awareness about STD (Sexually transmitted disease), including HIV. In a recent study, subdermal implants have been recognized to have an immense potential to meet the need of women for family planning. Request for Discount http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-contraceptives-market-1230/request-discount Europe Contraceptives Market is segmented based on Drug type and Medical Devices as mentioned below for attaining a more granular perspective of the market. In the report each sub segment is provided with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts. Based on Drug type:                              ·         Contraceptive pills               ·         Topical contraceptives       ·         Contraceptive injectable   ·         Others (contraceptive gels, jellies and creams)        Based on Medical Devices:                 ·         Male contraceptive devices             ·         Female contraceptive devices        ·         Female condoms ·         Intrauterine devices ·         Contraceptive sponges ·         Contraceptive diaphragms ·         Contraceptive patches ·         Subdermal contraceptive implants ·         Non-surgical permanent contraceptive devices Enquire more about the report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-contraceptives-market-1230/inquire The Europe market is analyzed under various regions namely U.K, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain. The key players in Europe Contraceptives Market are Bayer HealthCare AG, Mayer Laboratories, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Medicines360, Church & Dwight, Co., Inc., Actavis, Inc., CooperSurgical, Inc., Medisafe Distribution Inc, Pace Pharmaceuticals Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Reckitt Benckiser plc, and Pfizer, Inc. Buy now http://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/europe-contraceptives-market-1230 Technological advancements in intrauterine contraceptive devices are expected to create new opportunities for new players in the global intrauterine contraceptive device market in the years to come. Rising number of product innovations and increasing number of acquisitions and mergers are some of the recent trends witnessed in the global intrauterine contraceptive device market. The Contraceptives Market study offers the following deliverables: Regional and country-level analysis that provides an innate perspective of European region and the aforementioned countries Meticulously identifying the key areas of market growth by providing market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations  at a Segment-level analysis Explanations of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of macro and micro environmental factors that affect the European market presented in the form of PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses Company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview of the key market players operating in the region Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies Expertly devised Market Outlook – Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Medical Devices Segment: Europe General Surgical Devices Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-general-surgical-device-market–1442/ Europe Laparoscopy Device Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-laparoscopy-device-market-670/ Europe Medical Device 3D Printing Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-medical-device-three-dimension-printing-market-334/ Europe Wound Care Management Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-wound-care-management-devices-market-1646/ Europe Refurbished Medical Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-refurbished-medical-devices-market-700/ About Market Data Forecast: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit @ www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Digital Pathology Market Analysis, trends and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext SuperGroup Plc – Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report Search Recent Posts Global Body Contouring Implants Market Analysis to 2021 and Forecasts Global Fluorescent Whitening Agents (FWAs) Market Research Report 2017 Global Handmade Eyelash Market Research Report 2017 Manual External Defibrillator Market Report 2017 on EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Market forecast: Global Pet Food Nutraceutical Sales Market Report 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's MFQ Hersh Cohen Shares His Top Dividend Picks The ClearBridge exec built a career on dividend stocks. Today he spots value in Merck and Schlumberger. By Reshma Kapadia Biography April 8, 2017 12:33 a.m. ET Harry “Hersh” Cohen unloaded Pepsi trucks in high school and invested his earnings in stocks. “The dividends were better than putting the money in a savings account,” he says. They still are, in many cases, as Cohen knows only too well from his perch at ClearBridge Investments, a Legg Mason affiliate, where he has built a reputation as... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. TIAA: A Trillion Dollar Startup Is Making A Move Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 6 Undervalued Energy Stock Picks Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks Shrug Off Company News, Falling 0.3% on Week Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The New Gold Rally: 5 Ways to Play It Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Are Stocks Finally Topping Out? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Excitement Over Shake Shack Fades 2 Barron's Buzz: Gold Is Glittering on Wall Street 3 March Jobs Report: Will Fed Eye Low Payrolls Number? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
  Caracas, Monday April 10,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Argentina Sinergium Biotech to Invest $50 Million in New Antigen Plant in Argentina BUENOS AIRES  Argentinas Sinergium Biotech, which specializes in the research, development, production and marketing of vaccines and biotechnology products, will soon begin building a $50 million plant in Buenos Aires province for primary antigen production. The plant is due to be completed in 2019 and will create more than 100 new jobs, Buenos Aires-based parent company Grupo Insud, which has major investments in more than 40 countries, told EFE on Saturday. The new plant will enable Sinergium to fully develop a flu vaccine, as well as other vaccines for different illnesses, using the same technology it will employ for the development of a Zika vaccine to combat the recent outbreak of that mosquito-borne virus in Latin America, according to the companys business development director, Fernando Lobos. Sinergium announced last month that it was carrying out an upgrade to move from cell culture technology to so-called recombinant technology, saying the latter was more efficient and would allow the company to respond more quickly to pandemics of influenza or endemic diseases such as Zika, Chikungunya and Rotavirus. The company recently signed a partnership agreement with Protein Sciences Corporation and Mundo Sano, a private foundation closely linked to Grupo Insud, for the joint development of a Zika virus vaccine. Sinergium currently produces flu vaccines and the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine locally thanks to technology-transfer alliances with Swiss company Novartis and American pharmaceutical giant Pfizer, respectively. It also produces the tetravalent vaccine thanks to a strategic alliance with Merck, Sharp & Dohme, the Argentine subsidiary of the American pharmaceutical company Merck & Co. Sinergiums chief executive officer, Alejandro Gil, said it was a source of pride to continue growing and be able to begin construction of a plant with these characteristics in Argentina, adding that very few countries have that type of technology installed.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
04102017Headline: Hydrocracking Catalyst Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 1 min ago Solar Inverter Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 2 mins ago Glass Stoppered Bottles Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 3 mins ago Sand Washing Machine Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 4 mins ago Glass Sliding Door Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 6 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast 2015 to 2022 – Credence Research Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast 2015 to 2022 – Credence Research April 7, 2017 | by Johnson | As reported by Credence Research, Inc. through their latest publication “Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022,” the drug delivery technologies market was valued at USD 175.95 Bn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 284.71 Bn by 2022, expanding at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2016 to 2022. Browse the full report Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/drug-delivery-technologies-market Market Insights Patent expiry of several major drugs, coupled with the expensive business of development of new chemical entity has posed as a prime concern for pharmaceutical manufacturers. Development of new chemical entity is often observed to be a more expensive affair than development of novel delivery technology. Hence, several pharmaceutical manufacturers have adopted new drug delivery technologies for their portfolio as an effective life cycle management strategy. The global drug delivery devices market is studied for mode of administration and geography segmentations. Oral, pulmonary, transdermal, injectable, nasal, implantable, and ocular, buccal etc. cumulatively make the drug delivery technologies market. Among these, oral drug delivery is the largest segment, followed by pulmonary drug delivery in 2015 at a combined market share of over 65%. Newer technologies through products such as orodispersible tablets, transdermal patches, pen injectors, powder inhalers and buccal tablets are among the most widely adopted products. Additionally, the demand for drug eluting implants is also on a continuous rise in the developed markets. Implantable drug delivery devices find application in diabetes management, contraception, cardiology, pain management, pain management and others. Geographically, North America is the largest regional market for drug delivery technologies. Well structured reimbursement policies, large scale adoption of latest technologies, high prevalence of chronic diseases and high level of awareness among both care givers and patients are the prime contributors to the growth of North America drug delivery technologies market. In terms of growth rate, Asia-Pacific and Latin America are the fastest developing markets for drug delivery technologies. Fast developing healthcare infrastructure, gradually rising awareness and improving healthcare expenditure supplement the growth of emerging markets. Intense competition among drug manufacturers to manage product life cycles of blockbuster drugs, and rising trend of manufacturing outsourcing have made the drug delivery technologies market fragmented. Merck, 3M Company, Johnson and Johnson, Becton Diskinson and Company and others are some of the major players in the global drug delivery technologies market. Request Free Sample : http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/57779 About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide industry research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Latest Report: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/electric-water-heater-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/electrical-conduit-systems-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/electrical-enclosure-market Who we are Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals. Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa. Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect. What we do We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability. No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies. Contact: Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager) Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103, United States Ph: 1-800-361-8290 E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Hydrocracking Catalyst Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Solar Inverter Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Glass Stoppered Bottles Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Sand Washing Machine Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Hydrocracking Catalyst Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Solar Inverter Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Glass Stoppered Bottles Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Sand Washing Machine Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Glass Sliding Door Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
null
Monday, April 10 , 2017, 12:03 am | Fair 51º Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube     MENU My Noozhawk Subscribe Text Alerts Hawks Club Submit Your News Contact Us Meet the Team About Noozhawk Advertise Sponsorship Application Terms of Use Privacy Policy Local News Local News Bill Macfadyen A.M. Report Archive Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Your Health Salute to Nurses News Grid News Releases Photo of the Day Locals Only Videos UCSB Special Reports Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Salute to Nurses El Niño Prescription for Abuse Safety Net Series Santa Barbara Challenge Missing Pets Obituaries Obituaries Submit an Obituary Noozhawk Asks Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Good for Santa Barbara Your Health Your Health Health Videos Salute to Nurses Sports Sports Outdoors Allison Moehlis Outdoors Outdoors Capt. David Bacon Ray Ford Dennis Mammana Dan McCaslin Sports Carrie Wilson Business Business BizHawk Scott Campbell John Haan Sanford Horowitz Chris Jones Travis Logue Talking Law Jobs Schools Schools ParentNooz Activity Listings Bill Cirone Dos Pueblos High School Charger Account Laguna Blanca School Fourth Estate San Marcos High School King's Page Santa Barbara High School Forge Santa Barbara High School MAD Academy ParentNooz ParentNooz Activity Listings First 5 Lee Littlewood Ben Romo Alana Walczak Multimedia Photo Galleries Locals Only Videos Nonprofits Nonprofits Good for Santa Barbara iSociety Ken Saxon Cynder Sinclair Sponsorship Application iSociety iSociety Good for Santa Barbara Nonprofits Sponsorship Application Homes & Lifestyle Homes & Lifestyle Weekly Home Showcase Lisa Amador Rona Barrett Brian Burke First 5 Judy Foreman Susan Miles Gulbransen Laurie Jervis Tara Jones Jim Langley Winifred Lender Collin McShirley Louise Palanker Donna Polizzi Ben Romo Tracy Shawn Karen Telleen-Lawton Alana Walczak Arts Cinema in Focus Jeff Moehlis Danny Tyree Calendar Opinions Opinions Letters to the Editor Bill Macfadyen Randy Alcorn Michael Barone Lou Cannon Joe Conason Veronique de Rugy Diane Dimond Will Durst Susan Estrich Ron Fink Christine Flowers Peter Funt Brian Goebel Joe Guzzardi David Harsanyi Tam Hunt Ken Macdonald Michelle Malkin Ron Paul Dick Polman Tom Purcell Ted Rall Mark Shields Susan Stamper Brown Jamie Stiehm Ken Williams Columnists Bill Macfadyen Randy Alcorn Lisa Amador Capt. David Bacon Rona Barrett Brian Burke Scott Campbell Lou Cannon Catholic Church of the Beatitudes Cinema in Focus Bill Cirone Joe Conason Veronique de Rugy Diane Dimond Will Durst Susan Estrich Ron Fink First 5 Christine Flowers Ray Ford Judy Foreman Peter Funt Brian Goebel Susan Miles Gulbransen Joe Guzzardi John Haan David Harsanyi Sanford Horowitz Tam Hunt Laurie Jervis Chris Jones Tara Jones Jim Langley Winifred Lender Lee Littlewood Travis Logue Ken Macdonald Michelle Malkin Dennis Mammana Dan McCaslin Collin McShirley Allison Moehlis Jeff Moehlis Louise Palanker Ron Paul Donna Polizzi Dick Polman Tom Purcell Ted Rall Ben Romo Ken Saxon Tracy Shawn Mark Shields Cynder Sinclair Susan Stamper Brown Jamie Stiehm Talking Law Karen Telleen-Lawton Danny Tyree Alana Walczak Ken Williams Carrie Wilson Home Local News Schools Sports Business Nonprofits Arts Homes & Lifestyle Your Health     News Releases Posted on April 9, 2017 | 9:00 a.m. Santa Barbara County Adds Leadership Pro to HR Department Source: Peter Dugre for Santa Barbara County Share on email Share on print All the buzz in the private sector workforce is humming around employee culture and increased productivity through structural efficiencies. Leonie Mattison Santa Barbara County is responding by revamping its approach in the public sector with the addition of Leonie Mattison as its director of Organizational Transformation and Leadership. Joining the human resources team, Mattison will reboot the county’s Employees’ University — offering a range of leadership training and professional development workshops — and contribute organizational input she acquired over 15 years in the private sector. Jamaican-born, Mattison said she is excited to join and support a diverse and dynamic team. “I look forward to playing an important role in the future of Santa Barbara County while building on the strong foundation already established by the leadership team and staff,” Mattison said. “HR is committed to empowering our people to lead, and I am eager to listen to and engage with the staff and the local community members to foster strong relationships that will deepen our impact,” she said. As the former director of Organizational Development and Research Operations at Santa Barbara’s William Sansum Diabetes Center, Mattison was credited with creating organization efficiency and raising several million dollars for clinical research, training and development. She has specialized in setting strategic directions to transform organizations and deliver results measured in profitability, cycle time reduction, added quality and employee effectiveness. “Dr. Mattison brings a wealth of pertinent knowledge to the county of Santa Barbara,” said Andreas Pyper, assistant director of human resources. Prior to her time in California, Mattison held key positions at the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, Newark Alliance, Merck & Company and JP Morgan Chase. She holds a doctorate in organizational leadership from Argosy University in Pittsburgh, and an MBA from Georgian Court University, Lakewood, N.J. Mattison’s first day will be April 10. — Peter Dugre for Santa Barbara County. Share on email Share on print   Ask Vote Investigate Answer Noozhawk Asks: What’s Your Question? Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers. Here’s how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we’ll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic. We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk’s objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it. The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered. Thanks for asking! Click here to get started > Support Noozhawk Today You are an important ally in our mission to deliver clear, objective, high-quality professional news reporting for Santa Barbara, Goleta and the rest of Santa Barbara County. Join the Hawks Club today to help keep Noozhawk soaring. We offer four membership levels: $5 a month, $10 a month, $25 a month or $1 a week. Payments can be made through PayPal below, or click here for information on recurring credit-card payments. Thank you for your vital support. Red-Tailed Hawk : $5.00 USD - monthly Cooper's Hawk : $10.00 USD - monthly Red-Shouldered Hawk : $25.00 USD - monthly Birds of a Feather : $52.00 USD - yearly VIEW COMMENTS > Most Shared Latest Posts 1. Developers of Village at Los Carneros Seek Agreement Changes to Expedite Goleta… - April 9, 2017 | 11:20 p.m. 2. Dan McCaslin: Natural Beauty Abounds at Ojai Meadows Preserve - April 9, 2017 | 10:40 p.m. 3. National Charity League Sends Off Its 2017 Senior Class in Style - April 9, 2017 | 10:20 p.m. 4. Canada’s Derek Drouin Officially Sets World Mark in Decathlon High Jump - April 9, 2017 | 9:25 p.m. 5. UCSB Baseball Loses to Northridge on Walk-Off Home Run - April 9, 2017 | 9:17 p.m. Daily Noozhawk Subscribe to Noozhawk's A.M. Report, our free e-Bulletin sent out every day at 4:15 a.m. with Noozhawk's top stories, hand-picked by the editors. Sign Up Now > Facebook Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/Noozhawk/lists/noozhawks More Tweets > Noozhawk Homes Powered by Chicago Title and Fidelity National Title -- Weekly Home Showcase 1224 Harbor Hills, Santa Barbara 93109 975 Mariposa Lane, Santa Barbara 93108   More Homes >     Home About Us What We Do Meet the Team Contact Us Want to Work? Hawks Club Terms of Use Privacy Policy Services Advertise Subscribe Text Alerts Donate Make Noozhawk Your Home Page Affiliates Authentically Local Dos Pueblos High School Charger Account Laguna Blanca School Fourth Estate San Marcos High School King's Page Contact Submit Your News Advertise Sponsorship Application Have a Question?     © Malamute Ventures LLC 2007-2017 | ISSN No. 1947-6086 Noozhawk is a founding member of the national Authentically Local project for independent online media. Site design and development by Hop Studios  
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe health For the terminally ill, are 'right-to-try' laws offering a lifeline, or false hope? Patients and the Trump administration want these laws, but there are drawbacks Updated: April 9, 2017 — 4:00 AM EDT Facebook icon 12Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Penn State frat death raises questions for grieving parents Apr 8 - 7:00 AM Phil Simms on losing job to Tony Romo: ‘I am not done’ Apr 9 - 7:39 AM AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File This Oct. 14, 2015, file photo shows the Food and Drug Administration campus in Silver Spring, Md. On Sept. 19, 2016, the FDA granted tentative approval to the first drug for muscular dystrophy, following an intense public campaign from patients and doctors who pushed for the largely unproven medication. The FDA cleared Sarepta Therapeutics’ Exondys 51 for a rare form of Duchenne muscular dystrophy, a deadly inherited disease that affects boys. by Marie McCullough, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @repopter | Mail icon mmccullough@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @repopter Phone icon 215-854-2720 Marie McCullough Staff Writer Marie McCullough covers health and medicine, with a special focus on cancer and women's health issues. More by Marie McCullough For the terminally ill, are 'right-to-try' laws offering a lifeline, or false hope? Apr 4 Philly patient-safety advocate has emerged from a coma Apr 7 Pharma firm pioneers bioethics model to get experimental drug to myeloma patients Apr 4 More from Marie McCullough Arrow icon Imagine that you are dying of cancer — or worse, your child is — and you find out about an experimental drug that might, just might, be a lifeline. Now you can understand why, over the last three years, 33 states have passed laws entitling terminally ill patients to try unapproved drugs that have completed preliminary safety testing. In many of the remaining states, including Pennsylvania and New Jersey, “right-to-try” bills have been proposed. And in February, federal legislation that would bolster state laws was introduced in the House and Senate.  It is backed by President Trump and Vice President Pence, who as governor signed Indiana’s statute. “Americans – our constituents – should have every opportunity to fight for their life, or the life of their loved one,” said Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick (R., Pa), a cosponsor of the House bill. The right-to-try concept sounds like humane common sense. Advocates point to patients who were saved by "compassionate access" to unapproved drugs — and others who might have been. But critics – physicians, scholars, the pharmaceutical industry – see the laws as misguided and misleading. They imply that eliminating the Food and Drug Administration’s oversight will guarantee access to unapproved drugs — even though the laws don’t obligate drug developers to provide an experimental therapy. If they do, they can charge patients for the costs, which can reach many thousands of dollars, and which health insurers don't have to cover. Insurers may not even have to cover complications from trying the drug. New York University bioethicist Arthur Caplan says the laws are “utterly inadequate for helping the dying and the desperate.” “Politicians know a surefire winning issue when they see one,” Caplan wrote in one of his many scathing critiques. “They would better be described as ‘right to beg’ laws — a right which, sadly, the terminally ill already have and already use in social media campaigns.” 'Eager to help' To get approved by the FDA, an experimental drug must go through a series of increasingly large and costly clinical trials – the first focused on safety, the second on effectiveness, the third a big, confirmatory study. For oncology drugs, the process typically takes a decade and costs about $70 million. The FDA lets drug companies grant compassionate access to patients who don’t qualify for clinical trials or live too far from a test site. First, the treating physician must submit a request to the company; if it says yes, the physician applies to the FDA for permission to proceed. Why would a company deny a dying patient a chance for hope? Lots of reasons. The company may be a tiny start-up with no system for managing requests. Or it may have no extra supply of the experimental drug. Or it may fear bad publicity — even an interruption of clinical trials — if a patient is harmed by compassionate use.  Despite these complexities, the Goldwater Institute, a Phoenix-based libertarian think tank that developed the template for right-to-try laws, suggests that regulators are the problem. “Over one million Americans die from a terminal illness every year,” the institute says on its website. “Many … struggle in vain to get accepted into a clinical trial. Unfortunately, FDA red tape and government regulations restrict access to promising new treatments, and for those who do get access, it’s often too late.” In fact, the FDA approves almost all compassionate-use requests, typically in a matter of days – or immediately over the phone in urgent cases, associate commissioner Peter Lurie testified last year before a Senate committee. In the previous six years, the agency approved 99 percent of applications, an average of 1,200 a year. The FDA acts as a safeguard, Lurie said, noting that the agency made safety tweaks such as changing dosing in 11 percent of applications. “Even patients with life-threatening diseases and conditions require protection from unnecessary risks, particularly as … the products they are seeking through expanded access are unapproved – and may never be approved,” Lurie said. “The FDA’s role is fairly minimal” in compassionate access, said Svetomir Markovic, a hematologist-oncologist at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn. “They’re usually extremely eager to help. I’ve dealt with them for 20 years, and they have never been the obstacle.” Still, the right-to-try movement has challenged the status quo. In the face of criticism, the FDA has made its process  less cumbersome than it once was. Last year, for example, the agency streamlined the application form, reducing it from an eight-hour time commitment to about 45 minutes, Lurie said. What’s more, the idea of companies' granting individual compassionate-use requests without regulatory oversight is not far-fetched. The European counterpart to the FDA, the European Medicines Agency, says on its website that when a doctor obtains access to an experimental drug for an individual patient “the agency does not need to be informed.”  'They use good science' Frank Burroughs of Lorton, Va., has a deep, wrenching understanding of the conflicting needs inherent in compassionate access. His daughter, Abigail, was 21, a college honors student, when her head and neck cancer became life-threatening. They sought access to two experimental drugs that targeted a mutation driving her cancer, and thousands of people wrote letters to pressure the companies. But both ImClone and AstraZeneca refused, largely because their drugs were not being tested in head and neck cancer.   The ImClone drug, Erbitux, was approved to treat metastatic head and neck cancer in 2011 — a decade after Abigail’s 2001 death became an impetus for the right-to-try movement. Inspired by his daughter, Burroughs founded a nonprofit advocacy group, the Abigail Alliance for Better Access to Developmental Drugs. It unsuccessfully petitioned the FDA and then fought in court, arguing that terminally ill patients have a constitutional right to access experimental drugs. Ultimately, a federal appellate court rejected the argument, and the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal. Today, Burroughs talks about accelerating the whole clinical trials process, as well as creating a provisional approval mechanism to expand access to promising drugs. He sees right-to-try laws as "a step forward"  — but not a solution. “We need to get these drugs approved much earlier,” he said in an interview. “But we don’t want to dismantle the FDA. We agree they use good science.” The proposed federal legislation would limit the FDA’s authority in unprecedented ways. First, it would bar the FDA from interfering with state right-to-try laws. Right now, legal experts believe state measures are hollow because they are pre-empted by the federal law that empowers the FDA. Second, the FDA would be forbidden from using “outcomes” of a drug taken under right-to-try laws — even deadly side effects — to delay or deny approval of the drug. Drug-safety experts say that would put the FDA in an impossible bind, because its job is to consider all safety data when deciding whether to prove a drug, and to add warnings about risks. The federal bill also says doctors and drug companies would bear no liability for bad outcomes.  On Tuesday, the American Society of Clinical Oncology, with 40,000 cancer professionals worldwide, put its opposition on record. "We don't support right-to-try legislation because these laws ignore key patient protections without actually improving patient access to investigational drugs outside of clinical trials," said ASCO chief medical officer Richard L. Schilsky. In a statement, PhRMA, the powerful pharmaceutical-industry lobby, sounded unsupportive: “The FDA plays a critical role in evaluating the safety and effectiveness of prescription drugs. … Any legislation should protect the integrity of clinical trials and the FDA oversight of expanded access to maintain the best interests of patients.” Merck, the pharmaceutical giant, has also taken a dim view: “While well-intentioned, current ‘right-to-try’ legislation is not in the best interest of patients and is unlikely to help us bring forward innovative, safe and effective medicines as quickly as possible. In addition, we remain supportive of the FDA having an oversight role in the process around expanded access to investigational medicines.” Read more by Marie McCullough More Coverage A new way to choose which cancer patients get experimental drugs Apr 7 - 2:53 PM Published: April 9, 2017 — 4:00 AM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in health Health & Science Medical Mystery: Why couldn't this Swarthmore woman breathe? Cancer A new way to choose which cancer patients get experimental drugs Sports Medicine & Fitness An Ironman to his organ donor: I am alive because I am 'us' Getting the mentally ill out of jails Philly patient-safety advocate has emerged from a coma Dr. Oz to probe Philly's Heroin Hellscape Tips from a survivor: 6 ways to turn your doctor into your collaborator The earth is flat and other nonscientific beliefs. How Penn student teachers fight fake news Sesame Street debuts its first Muppet with autism on Monday Can the right diet boost brain health and even prevent Alzheimer's? How to get a beach body: 3 exercises for chiseled abs Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
