Exclusive - Germany's Merck explores sale of biosimilar drug business: sources | Reuters - Firstpost NewsTracker Full coverage of the US Presidential Election 2016 Firstpost. Tuesday, November 15, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow Dummies' guide to the US presidential elections Front Page Politics Demonetisation and Modinomics: Burning down a forest for a few black sheep is flawed Demonetisation: As Modi tries to gather public support, Mayawati, Mamata, Kejriwal rally against move Bold and decisive: NDA stands behind PM Modi on demonetisation, ready to take on Opposition in Winter Session Modi in Ghazipur: PM's rally is to convince people that demonetisation is a good decision Demonetisation: Mayawati hits back at Modi on 'garlands of notes' remark Demonetisation drive: With this decision, Modi has taken BJP beyond its traders’ vote-bank Sports Fed Cup: Amelie Mauresmo expecting second child; steps down as France captain Indian shooter Heena Sidhu unhappy with the condition of the shooting range in Pune Sachin Tendulkar says introduction of DRS in India-England series is a 'positive step' Ander Herrera insists Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho has dressing room backing Universe Boss Part 2: Sabbir Rahman smashes Chris Gayle's BPL record with 61-ball 122 Interim manager Gareth Southgate wants quick decision on his England future India Demonetisation and Modinomics: Burning down a forest for a few black sheep is flawed India's efforts to protect children fail due lack of budget - Kailash Satyarthi | Reuters Trump rally falters as investors seek more clarity | Reuters Demonetisation: Charges on ATM transactions waived till 30 December 'Kashmir unrest is to dethrone Mehbooba Mufti': PDP's Baig stirs hornet's nest with his latest remark Demonetisation: RBI bars Gujarat DCCBs from accepting/exchanging scrapped notes World Protests against Donald Trump: Dissent, with limited purpose, keeps nation’s democratic health in check 'Dealmaker' Trump is a man Britain and EU can do business with: UK's Boris Johnson WikiLeaks' Julian Assange questioned by prosecutors over rape allegation Powerful quake hits New Zealand's South Island, two dead Donald Trump urged to reform H-1B visa system and increase quota US President-elect Donald Trump says will take $1 as salary, no vacations when in office Business Demonetisation: Charges on ATM transactions waived till 30 December Demonetisation: RBI bars Gujarat DCCBs from accepting/exchanging scrapped notes Demonetisation LIVE: All party meeting, chaired by Sumitra Mahajan, underway Tata-Mistry feud: Markets regulator Sebi has stepped up scrutiny on developments Reliance Industries' partner Niko puts KG-D6 stake for sale Govt saved Rs 36,000 crore in one year by plugging leakages via JAM Life Guru Nanak Jayanti: Life and teachings of the founder of Sikh order pertain to today's world This Children’s Day, gift your kid freedom to dream Carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels still too high to save climate: Report Curbing stray dog menace: Animal welfare board's approach deeply flawed, unscientific and unsavoury My Sunset Marriage review: Hoshang Merchant's collected poems make for enjoyable reading Death of a town: As Shimla hurtles towards modernity, what it has lost remains undefinable Entertainment Rock On 2 bears the brunt of demonetisation or of its own mediocrity? Box office update Shruti Haasan files an FIR against a cyber stalker, a Karnataka-based doctor Koffee with Karan Season 5 Episode two: Twinkle Khanna should have her own talk show On Juhi Chawla's birthday, here's the story of how she bagged 'Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak' Parineeti Chopra is the newest addition to Golmaal 4; Ajay Devgn welcomes her on board From Aamir Khan to Shah Rukh Khan, Bollywood gives a thumbs up to PM's demonetisation move US Election 2016 US election: President-elect Donald Trump's actions and inactions will change the world as we know it Donald Trump victory spooks Indian students as election backlash rocks US campuses What if Donald Trump really didn't want to become the President of the United States? After Donald Trump storms to US election win, it's time to #ThankObamaIn4Words Donald Trump will be US president: Many challenges await the American Left Barack Obama to host Donald Trump in Oval Office despite differences Photos Videos Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Exclusive - Germany's Merck explores sale of biosimilar drug business: sources | Reuters Reuters  Updated: Oct 29, 2016 01:15 IST #accusations   #corrections   #facebook   #follow-reuters   #newsletters   #reuters-news   By Carl O'Donnell and Greg Roumeliotis German chemicals and pharmaceuticals company Merck KGaA (MRCG.DE) is exploring a sale of its biosimilars unit, according to people familiar with the matter, as that business faces fierce competition from larger players in the sector.Biosimilars, the biotechnology-based equivalents of generic drugs, have become increasingly popular amid a drive to curb price increases. Stefan Oschmann, however, who took over as Merck's CEO earlier this year, has been focussed on finding ways to safeguard his company's leading position in the multiple sclerosis market. Its top selling drug in this space is Rebif. Merck has hired investment bank JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) to sound out potential buyers for the biosimilar business, the people said on Friday. There is no guarantee that the discussions will result in any deal, they added.Merck's biosimilars business could be worth as much as $1 billion because of its long-term sales potential, the people said. The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. Merck, which is independent of U.S. drug marker Merck & Co Inc (MRK.N), declined to comment. A JPMorgan spokeswoman offered no immediate comment. Merck's biosimilar business includes a drug in advanced clinical trials that is a competitor to AbbVie Inc's (ABBV.N) popular arthritis treatment Humira. The unit also has several early-stage compounds. Merck is facing off against several larger competitors, including Pfizer Inc (PFE.N) and Novartis AG (NOVN.S), both of which have won regulatory approval for biosimilar drugs. Biosimilars have become an increasing area of focus for investors and industry executives in the past year, as regulators have begun approving a handful of compounds in the United States.Biosimilars are more complex than traditional drugs, requiring genetically engineered proteins. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration was not allowed to consider generic versions of biologic drugs until U.S. President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act was enacted in 2010. So far, the FDA has approved four biosimilar drugs, most recently a competitor for Humira made by Amgen Inc (AMGN.O). There are more than 60 biosimilars awaiting approval. More of those drugs are expected to be approved in the coming years, as biologic drugs representing more than $30 billion in sales will lose their patent protection between now and 2020, according to data from IMS Health. In Europe, where biosimilars were approved by regulators as early as 2006, more than 21 biosimilars made by 14 companies have been approved. (Reporting by Carl O'Donnell and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Oct 29, 2016 01:15 IST Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE Australia Vs South Africa Live Score AUS vs SA | Nov 12th, 2016 Live Coverage AUS 130 3 44.3 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories Demonetisation and Modinomics: Burning down a forest for a few black sheep is flawed 'You See More Liberal Opinion from RSS Because Educated Middle-Class is Fuelling its Growth’ - News18 India vs England: Haseeb Hameed’s Gujarat roots and the perfect loop of fate Modi in Ghazipur: PM's rally is to convince people that demonetisation is a good decision Co-working office spaces: Can Mumbai match the mounting demand? - Moneycontrol Donald Trump and India: President-elect's hawkish views on China bode well for us Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA Live Now England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by 177 runs Pakistan and West Indies in UAE, 3 Test Series, 2016 PAK Vs WI West Indies beat Pakistan by 5 wickets New Zealand in India, 5 ODI Series, 2016 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 190 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 16th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 17th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 17th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says | Reuters Trump in for a wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says | Reuters Dollar rallies alongside U.S. yields; bank stocks up | Reuters Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop | Reuters Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Exclusive - Germany's Merck explores sale of biosimilar drug business: sources By Carl O'Donnell and Greg Roumeliotis28 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Carl O'Donnell and Greg Roumeliotis (Reuters) - German chemicals and pharmaceuticals company Merck KGaA is exploring a sale of its biosimilars unit, according to people familiar with the matter, as that business faces fierce competition from larger players in the sector. Biosimilars, the biotechnology-based equivalents of generic drugs, have become increasingly popular amid a drive to curb price increases. Stefan Oschmann, however, who took over as Merck's CEO earlier this year, has been focussed on finding ways to safeguard his company's leading position in the multiple sclerosis market. Its top selling drug in this space is Rebif. Merck has hired investment bank JPMorgan Chase & Co to sound out potential buyers for the biosimilar business, the people said on Friday. There is no guarantee that the discussions will result in any deal, they added. Merck's biosimilars business could be worth as much as $1 billion because of its long-term sales potential, the people said. The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. Merck, which is independent of U.S. drug marker Merck & Co Inc , declined to comment. A JPMorgan spokeswoman offered no immediate comment. Merck's biosimilar business includes a drug in advanced clinical trials that is a competitor to AbbVie Inc's popular arthritis treatment Humira. The unit also has several early-stage compounds. Merck is facing off against several larger competitors, including Pfizer Inc and Novartis AG , both of which have won regulatory approval for biosimilar drugs. Biosimilars have become an increasing area of focus for investors and industry executives in the past year, as regulators have begun approving a handful of compounds in the United States. Biosimilars are more complex than traditional drugs, requiring genetically engineered proteins. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration was not allowed to consider generic versions of biologic drugs until U.S. President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act was enacted in 2010. So far, the FDA has approved four biosimilar drugs, most recently a competitor for Humira made by Amgen Inc . There are more than 60 biosimilars awaiting approval. More of those drugs are expected to be approved in the coming years, as biologic drugs representing more than $30 billion in sales will lose their patent protection between now and 2020, according to data from IMS Health. In Europe, where biosimilars were approved by regulators as early as 2006, more than 21 biosimilars made by 14 companies have been approved. (Reporting by Carl O'Donnell and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next India at WTO: Takes strong stand to save generic drugs industry, calls for transparent health assessment Firstpost Cash shortage shuts businesses in Adilabad The Hindu Govt relaxes cash withdrawal norms, move may help small businesses http://www.hindustantimes.com/ 'Dealmaker' Trump is a man Britain and EU can do business with: UK's Boris Johnson Firstpost You can withdraw cash from banks multiple times a day Yahoo India Finance Harmful germs in country chicken Deccan Chronicle Teacher brings all communities together Ani OMG: Deepika Padukone Gifts Rs 40 Crore Flat To Her 'Special Man' Spotboye Malda, India's fake currency capital, is feeling the demonetisation pinch Scroll Mysterious Unidentified Object Crashes in Myanmar LiveScience.com Tata Motors' 2 major unions come out in support of Ratan Tata The Economic Times Foreign tourists stand in long queues outside ATM's Ani Donald Trump is richer than all the presidents combined Yahoo Finance 14 controversial statements made by Sonam Kapoor That shocked Bollywood folomojo Common man never comes in luxury car to withdraw Rs 4000: Amit Shah on Rahul Gandhi English Pradesh18 Demonetisation: Newborn baby dies in Govandi after doctor 'refuses' treatment for want of cash Firstpost Watch: People perform Ganga aarti on occasion of Dev Deepavali Ani ​ 2.7 lakh doctors to protest government policies The Economic Times Muslim artisans prepare calendar of Hindu Gods Ani Energy Healing speakingtree.in Lunar lovers enthralled by'Supermoon' in Delhi Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Can Keytruda Return Merck & Co. to Growth? A speedy approval pushed the underdog into the front of the line for lung cancer patients, but another rival is snapping at its heels. Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Oct 28, 2016 at 3:41PM Image source: Merck & Co. Following a speedy FDA approval, Keytruda from Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) became the first drug in its class to reach the front line in lung cancer. Until recently, it seemed Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) would dominate this important field with Opdivo, but surprisingly poor trial results set it back a few paces. This is great news for Merck investors who have watched the company's sales slide for years, but the cheering might not last very long. Roche (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY) isn't far behind, with a similar drug threatening to pour water on Keytruda's latest advantage before it catches fire. MRK Revenue (TTM) data by YCharts. Total revenue at Merck has fallen a great deal over the past several years. Let's have a closer look at Keytruda's playing field to see if its recent victory can return the big American pharma to growth. Christmas in October It was early September when the FDA accepted Keytruda's application for first-line treatment of lung cancer patients whose tumors express high levels of PD-L1 on their surface. Although the agency set an action date on Christmas Eve, it gave Merck a thumbs-up just seven weeks after accepting the application.  Merck's Keytruda, and Bristol's Opdivo, act on immune-system cells to prevent tumors from using PD-L1 to shut down an immune-system attack, and it does the trick. In the study that led to the label expansion, Keytruda alone reduced these patients' risk of disease progression or death by 50% compared with standard chemotherapies. Image source: Getty Images. Lung cancers claim more lives than breast, colon, and prostate cancer combined, so it isn't surprising that the FDA sped up the review process in light of those results. This is a huge win for Merck, and for lung cancer patients, because it makes Keytruda the first chemo-free treatment option for those newly diagnosed with this form of the deadly disease -- but how long it will have the field to itself is hard to pin down. Big trouble from Basel Roche's Tecentriq blocks the same pathway as Bristol's Opdivo and Merck's Keytruda, but instead of attaching to immune cells, it binds to PD-L1 on the surface of tumor cells. It was the third inhibitor of this checkpoint to earn an FDA approval, but it's making quick strides. Earlier this month, the agency approved the immunotherapy for treatment of certain lung cancer patients who progressed during or after platinum-based chemotherapy, just five months after granting its first approval in bladder cancer. With seven ongoing trials testing Tecentriq in the first-line lung cancer setting, the Swiss oncology giant's differentiated immunotherapy could join Keytruda as a chemo-free treatment option for newly diagnosed patients. Merck investors will want to keep an eye on Tecentriq's progress here, as it appears effective for lung cancer patients regardless of PD-L1 expression levels. Remember, Keytruda's first-line approval is limited to patients with tumors that overexpress the protein.  Gaining approval for patients regardless of their tumors' PD-L1 levels is more significant than you might think. Last October, the FDA granted approval to Opdivo and Keytruda for patients who progressed on or after chemotherapy, with one big difference: Oncologists don't need to test tumors for PD-L1 expression to treat their patients with Opdivo. In the numbers A one-size-fits-all advantage in second-line lung cancer has been been largely responsible for the wide chasm between the two drugs' sales figures. In the second quarter, Bristol-Myers Squibb recorded Opdivo sales of $840 million. More recently, Merck's third-quarter Keytruda sales were just $356 million. Opdivo's dismal performance as a monotherapy in first-line advanced non-small-cell lung cancer -- with tumors expressing moderate levels of PD-L1 -- should allow Keytruda to maintain its advantage for at least several quarters as a chemo-free first treatment option in patients with tumors that express high levels of the protein. Image source: Getty Images. Keytruda's future looks brighter than it did a few months ago, but its growth alone might not be sufficient to push total sales above the peaks reached several years ago. The immunotherapy's annual run rate of $1.4 billion based on third-quarter sales should pop after the recent approval. If Roche's Tecentriq doesn't muscle into its lung cancer position, Keytruda sales could eventually top $8 billion. Hitting such a bullish estimate would send a smaller company's top line soaring, but Merck is carrying too much weight. The Januvia franchise, which comprised 15.5% of the company's total sales in first three quarters of the year, is at a standstill and in danger of losing ground to next-generation diabetes treatments. With its biggest seller at a tipping point, and half a dozen key products falling by double digits, pulling Merck's total sales to new heights will probably require more power than any single drug can provide. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. You can follow Cory on Twitter, @TMFang4apples, or LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Biopharma, and Med-Tech industries. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @TMFang4apples Article Info Oct 28, 2016 at 3:41PM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.56 up $0.19 (0.34%) Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.11 down $0.49 (-1.67%) Read More Legal Dispute Puts Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Payday on Hold After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck's Mixed Q1 Results Are Marred By 1 Disappointing Drug Debut Get Paid While You Wait: 3 Top Big Pharma Dividend Stocks A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Exclusive - Germany's Merck explores sale of biosimilar drug business: sou... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Oct 29, 2016 | 12:46am IST Exclusive - Germany's Merck explores sale of biosimilar drug business: sources By Carl O'Donnell and Greg Roumeliotis German chemicals and pharmaceuticals company Merck KGaA (MRCG.DE) is exploring a sale of its biosimilars unit, according to people familiar with the matter, as that business faces fierce competition from larger players in the sector. Biosimilars, the biotechnology-based equivalents of generic drugs, have become increasingly popular amid a drive to curb price increases. Stefan Oschmann, however, who took over as Merck's CEO earlier this year, has been focussed on finding ways to safeguard his company's leading position in the multiple sclerosis market. Its top selling drug in this space is Rebif. Merck has hired investment bank JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) to sound out potential buyers for the biosimilar business, the people said on Friday. There is no guarantee that the discussions will result in any deal, they added. Merck's biosimilars business could be worth as much as $1 billion because of its long-term sales potential, the people said. The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. Merck, which is independent of U.S. drug marker Merck & Co Inc (MRK.N), declined to comment. A JPMorgan spokeswoman offered no immediate comment. Merck's biosimilar business includes a drug in advanced clinical trials that is a competitor to AbbVie Inc's (ABBV.N) popular arthritis treatment Humira. The unit also has several early-stage compounds. Merck is facing off against several larger competitors, including Pfizer Inc (PFE.N) and Novartis AG (NOVN.S), both of which have won regulatory approval for biosimilar drugs. Biosimilars have become an increasing area of focus for investors and industry executives in the past year, as regulators have begun approving a handful of compounds in the United States. Biosimilars are more complex than traditional drugs, requiring genetically engineered proteins. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration was not allowed to consider generic versions of biologic drugs until U.S. President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act was enacted in 2010. So far, the FDA has approved four biosimilar drugs, most recently a competitor for Humira made by Amgen Inc (AMGN.O). There are more than 60 biosimilars awaiting approval. More of those drugs are expected to be approved in the coming years, as biologic drugs representing more than $30 billion in sales will lose their patent protection between now and 2020, according to data from IMS Health. In Europe, where biosimilars were approved by regulators as early as 2006, more than 21 biosimilars made by 14 companies have been approved. (Reporting by Carl O'Donnell and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Next In Money News RBI sets up panel to oversee ATM recalibrations MUMBAI Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Monday it will set up a task force under Deputy Governor SS Mundra to oversee the recalibration of ATM machines after the country introduced new banknotes to replace old 500 rupee and 1,000 rupee notes. Standard Life's Indian deal faces opposition by local regulators British insurer Standard Life said on Monday that India's insurance watchdog had "expressed reservations" in accepting the current deal terms for the purchase by its Indian joint venture of Max Life Insurance. Oil pinned near three-month lows as gloom grows over OPEC LONDON Oil fell to its lowest in three months on Monday, as the prospect of another year of oversupply and weak prices overshadowed chances that OPEC will reach a deal to cut output. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick India announces new measures to increase supply of cash Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Germany's Merck explores sale of biosimilar drug business -sources By Reuters Published: 14:30 EST, 28 October 2016 | Updated: 14:30 EST, 28 October 2016 e-mail By Carl O'Donnell and Greg Roumeliotis Oct 28 (Reuters) - German chemicals and pharmaceuticals company Merck KGaA is exploring a sale of its biosimilars unit, according to people familiar with the matter, as that business faces fierce competition from larger players in the sector. Biosimilars, the biotechnology-based equivalents of generic drugs, have become increasingly popular amid a drive to curb price increases. Stefan Oschmann, however, who took over as Merck's CEO earlier this year, has been focused on finding ways to safeguard his company's leading position in the multiple sclerosis market. Its top selling drug in this space is Rebif. Merck has hired investment bank JPMorgan Chase & Co to sound out potential buyers for the biosimilar business, the people said on Friday. There is no guarantee that the discussions will result in any deal, they added. Merck's biosimilars business could be worth as much as $1 billion because of its long-term sales potential, the people said. The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. Merck, which is independent of U.S. drug marker Merck & Co Inc, declined to comment. A JPMorgan spokeswoman offered no immediate comment. Merck's biosimilar business includes a drug in advanced clinical trials that is a competitor to AbbVie Inc's popular arthritis treatment Humira. The unit also has several early-stage compounds. Merck is facing off against several larger competitors, including Pfizer Inc and Novartis AG, both of which have won regulatory approval for biosimilar drugs. Biosimilars have become an increasing area of focus for investors and industry executives in the past year, as regulators have begun approving a handful of compounds in the United States. Biosimilars are more complex than traditional drugs, requiring genetically engineered proteins. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration was not allowed to consider generic versions of biologic drugs until U.S. President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act was enacted in 2010. So far, the FDA has approved four biosimilar drugs, most recently a competitor for Humira made by Amgen Inc. There are more than 60 biosimilars awaiting approval. More of those drugs are expected to be approved in the coming years, as biologic drugs representing more than $30 billion in sales will lose their patent protection between now and 2020, according to data from IMS Health. In Europe, where biosimilars were approved by regulators as early as 2006, more than 21 biosimilars made by 14 companies have been approved. (Reporting by Carl O'Donnell and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      


null
Skip to content Patent Blog Jobs Ethics Journal America's leading patent law source Search for: Although Functionally Claimed, Court Imports Structural Limitations from Specification October 27, 2016PatentDennis Crouch by Dennis Crouch – Note, the prevailing party here (Merck & Co.) is represented in this case by MBHB Partner Dan Boehnen. MBHB is a major sponsor of Patently-O. ProFoot v. Merck & Co. (Fed. Cir. 2016) This case offers a straightforward narrowing claim construction analysis involving the ProFoot’s patented method of fitting shoe inserts.  U.S. Patent No. 6,845,568.  The decision also lays traps for prosecutors hoping for implicitly broad claims.  After a narrowing claim construction, the plaintiff stipulated that Merck’s Dr. Scholl’s process did not infringe and the case was dismissed.  On appeal, the Federal Circuit has affirmed in a nonprecedential opinion. The claim construction process looks to provide additional meaning and context to the expressly stated claims.  The approach is to look for how a personal of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the application filing date would have interpreted the claim language.  In this process, Phillips v. AWH indicates that the primary sources for interpretation are the intrinsic documents: the patent document (the single best guide) and the prosecution history (a helpful additional resource).  When appealed, the Federal Circuit reviews claim construction determinations de novo while giving deference to underlying factual findings. Here, the claimed insert-fitting method include use of a “neutralizer” that is used to place a customer’s ankle in a “neutral position.”  Following the Markman process, the district court construed the “neutralizer” according to how it was described in the specification — requiring a housing, protractor, and angular-adjustable foot plate.  On appeal, ProFoot argued that the district court improperly imported elements of the specification to limit the claims and that the claimed neutralizer does not require those specific components.  Rather, according to ProFoot, a neutralizer should be defined based upon its functional ability rather than any particular physical elements. On appeal, the Federal Circuit rejected ProFoot’s broad-construction argument — holding that “when read in the context of the [asserted] patent, this term requires a device that includes these components.”  To reach this conclusion the court started with claim language that require a user to step on the neutralizer (claim 1 requires “place right foot on a neutralizer”) and to use the neutralizer to measure an angle.  Looking to the specification, the court found that the patentee had described “only two embodiments of the neutralizer” – and both embodiments required all of the components found in the claim construction in ways that are consistent with the requirements of the claims. Although the appellate panel found that evidence from the specification was sufficient to support the district court ruling, it also noted that the prosecution history of the parent application offered additional support. The prosecution history story goes as follows: the claimed neutralizer was not found in the originally filed claim set but was added during prosecution with an express claim requirement that the neutralizer include the physical elements (housing, protractor, etc.). Although the physical components are not included in the child application, the court noted that the patentee never  indicated that it intended the child-patent neutralizer to be any different from the parent-patent neutralizer.  ProFoot made the claim-differentiation argument here – the child application does not include the express limitations that are included in the parent and therefore should be seen as broader.  The court rejected that argument as not providing any further information as to what the inventor understood “neutralizer” to include.  I the inventor had thought the word should be interpreted differently in the two cases “he could have said so explicitly or revised the [asserted] patent to include other, broader embodiments of the neutralizer.” One question that I have here involves the court’s use of prosecution history as providing “evidence of the inventor’s understanding of neutralizer.”  The court has previously held that inventor’s understanding of claim meaning is not directly relevant to claim construction.  Rather, the focus is on the objective meaning understood by someone of ordinary skill in the art. = = = = ProFoot’s Claim 1. A method of fitting an individual with right and left foot inserts which place the ankles of the individual in a neutral position comprising the steps of: for creating a right foot insert, having the individual place the right foot on a neutralizer while elevating the left foot off of the neutralizer; using the neutralizer to determine the angle necessary to place the right ankle in a neutral position; providing an insert having an angle which represents the neutral state for the right ankle; for creating a left foot insert, having the individual place the left foot on a neutralizer while elevating the right foot off of the neutralizer; using the neutralizer to determine the angle necessary to place the left ankle in a neutral position; and providing an insert having an angle which represents the neutral state for the left ankle. About Dennis Crouch Law Professor at the University of Missouri School of Law. Co-director of the Center for Intellectual Property and Entrepreneurship. View all posts by Dennis Crouch → Post navigation ← November Patent Quality Forum Series Remarks by Director Michelle K. Lee at the 2016 AIPLA Luncheon → Hide comments 124 thoughts on “Although Functionally Claimed, Court Imports Structural Limitations from Specification” 11 David Boundy says: October 28, 2016 at 2:49 pm Dennis — The headline does not accurately characterize the case. “Functional” is never mentioned as a relevant factor. The case turns on the fact that “neutralizer” is a neologism coined for the purpose, with no definition in the art, no definition in the claim, and no express definition in the spec. On these facts, it’s always been fair game to import every mention of the neologism from the whole specification into the neologism claim term. Watts v. XL Systems, Inc., 232 F.3d 877, 882–83, 56 USPQ2d 1836, 1840 (Fed. Cir. 2000); McGill, Inc. v. John Zink Co., 736 F.2d 666, 673, 221 USPQ 944, 949 (Fed. Cir. 1984). After all, if you can’t look it up in a dictionary, where else would you look? And how would you choose one part of the specification that describes the neologism to import, and choose others to leave out? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 11.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 3:12 pm Thank you Mr. Boundy. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 11.2 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 5:26 pm DB: The headline does not accurately characterize the case. “Functional” is never mentioned as a relevant factor. The case turns on the fact that “neutralizer” is a neologism “Neologism” isn’t mentioned as “a relevant factor”, either. It’s never mentioned at all. On these facts, it’s always been fair game to import every mention of the neologism from the whole specification into the neologism claim term. Or you could find the claim indefinite, which it surely is when the patentee says that the term refers to “some kind of measuring device” that performs the stated function of … measuring. Oops, I said “function”. Pretty difficult to avoid doing that. Note also that without this “neutralizer”, this claim is unpatentable because people have been making measurements to prepare shoe parts, including “inserts”, for a long, long time. Note that the CAFC doesn’t cite any of the cases you mentioned. Note what the CAFC says instead: inclusion of these components is consistent with the specification’s description of how the neutralizer is used. In other words, the CAFC imported into the claim the components that were necessary to perform the function of the “neutralizer.” It certainly did not import all the elements that appear in the two pictured embodiments, which would have been perfectly “fair” and would have rendered the claim even more worthless (as if that’s possible). Instead, the CAFC panel here “picked and chose” which elements to import. it’s always been fair game to import Are you sure you don’t mean “inform”? LOL Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 11.3 Ned Heller says: October 28, 2016 at 5:59 pm And, David, and if the neologism was never used in the specification but was coined in the prosecution history to mean something specific, that is what it means in the claim. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 11.3.1 David Boundy says: October 28, 2016 at 9:17 pm I think I agree with that, partly — a term created mid-prosecution and defined in the prosecution history (but not in the spec) has that definition in a Markman/Phillips construction. If you mean “coined to mean” with the meaning existing only in the head of the attorney, but with no square statement of that meaning, I wouldn’t bet on the attorney’s meaning sticking. As a practical matter, don’t count on that construction in a “broadest reasonable interpretation” context without the intervention of the Federal Circuit. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 10 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 7:03 am In an aside to the tendency for sensatonalizing headlines, should we be clear about the difference between “inform” and “import”…? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 10.1 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 10:10 am Dennis’ headline seems accurate enough. The CAFC could have — and probably should have — found these junk claims indefinite so that nobody would ever have to worry about them again. Instead they imported limitations from the specification to breath life into this nebulous “neutralizer”. The patentee, you’ll recall, wanted to construe the term to mean any measuring device which performs the measurement that is used to “provide” the super awesome shoe insert. How would you have re-written the headline? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 10.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 10:28 am What the patented wanted to do is a separate issue, Malcolm. What the court did was less “import” than it was “inform.” It is a subtle distinction that in your rush to criticize you have missed. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 10.1.1.1 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 10:37 am What the court did was less “import” than it was “inform.” It is a subtle distinction LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL Sure it is. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 10.1.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 11:05 am What was the point of your reply, Malcolm? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 10.1.1.1.1.1 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 11:09 am Oh, it’s a “subtle” point that you must have missed. Tell everyone how you would rewrite Dennis’ headline, “anon.” C’mon, man. It should be easy for you, given your mastery of the English language and all its awesome nuances. What are you waiting for? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 10.1.1.1.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 11:25 am My comment was pretty clear already. What part of it has stumped you? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … MM says: October 28, 2016 at 11:31 am My comment was pretty clear already. What was “clear” is that you had some very poorly articulated issue with Dennis’ headline. What’s even more “clear” is that you have no clue what you’re talking about, and you’re incapable of expressing your allegedly “subtle” points in plain English. But we knew all this about you already. Keep the laughs coming, “anon”. You’re a very very serious person. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … anon says: October 28, 2016 at 11:59 am The articulation is clear. It is even in short declarative sentences that you are always on about. You are the one that seems to not be able to understand that there is a difference between “import” and “inform,” and your number one meme of ad hominem with accusing others of that which Malcolm does shows immediately (followed by your poker tell of “very, very serious”). … MM says: October 28, 2016 at 12:07 pm there is a difference between “import” and “inform,” LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL There’s a difference between “black” and “white”, too. Tell everyone how you’d rewrite Dennis’ headline, “anon.” You popped up here to whine about it but for some bizarre reason instead of showing everyone how you’d rewrite the headline you’ve chosen instead to drivel all over your shirt with some innuendo aobut “subtlety.” Again. Friday laughs. Keep ’em coming, “anon”! We all love you so much. … anon says: October 28, 2016 at 1:16 pm Again, Malcolm, your post says nothing. Maybe try saying something (anything) without ad hominem and see if you can make a little sense. Give it a try. … anon says: October 28, 2016 at 3:14 pm I wonder if Malcolm considers Dave Boundy to be a “cohort” of mine or not… 😉 … MM says: October 28, 2016 at 5:07 pm You’re always free to phone a friend, “anon.” Ideally once you’ve done so, you can stop your unintelligible yapping and let your mouthpiece take over. But we all know that your yapping isn’t something you can control. … anon says: October 28, 2016 at 5:57 pm Yet more of you accusing others of that which you do….. 9 MaxDrei says: October 28, 2016 at 2:41 am Yet again (at 6.2.2) we are told that the EPO is too “pedantic” in its requirement for a written description at the filing date. Yet again we are told that at the EPO drawings cannot provide that written description. Wrong. They can. A strict written description requirement is an artefact of any First to File system, as the USA is going to find out, in the coming years. Any patent system has to balance fair protection for the inventor with reasonable legal certainty for those having to design around. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 5:28 am “Any patent system has to balance fair protection for the inventor with reasonable legal certainty for those having to design around.” Agreed. Even the pre-AIA US system did that. As does the AIA (but not quite the same as ROW) First Inventor to File system does that. Not seeing what point you are trying to make MaxDrei. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1 maxdrei says: October 28, 2016 at 6:23 am My point? That such a balance depends on consistently strict enforcement of a rigorous WD requirement. Without that, one cannot predict whether one is at risk from a published but not yet granted utility pat appln pending in the USPTO. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 7:06 am The point in reality though, MaxDrei, and the point of the jab at the EPO, was that a TOO strict view is not necessary. That seems to still go over your head. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1.1 MaxDrei says: October 28, 2016 at 9:31 am Too strict? Granted, there are very many individual Examiners at the EPO who, when examining cases in English, find it difficult reliably to make the correct WD judgement. But that is invariably because their first language is not English (you will recall that EPO Examiners have to operate in all three EPO languages, regardless what is their language at home). In such cases, appeal is often needed, to get to a fair outcome. When you assert that “the EPO” is too strict, show me where this over-strictness manifests itself in the EPO’s “established caselaw” or in its MPEP. Otherwise, your opinion (or that of AAA JJJ) that “the EPO” is over-strict on WD, impresses me not at all. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 9:47 am Whether you are impressed or not is one of the least concerns that I would ever have. Mayhaps the problem with your inability to grasp the jabs has to do with your own notion of “being impressed.” That would explain a lot… Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1.1.2 AAA JJ says: October 28, 2016 at 12:11 pm “Otherwise, your opinion (or that of AAA JJJ) that ‘the EPO’ is over-strict on WD, impresses me not at all.” If slavish pedanticism gets your rocks off, flail away. Whatever. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1.1.2.1 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 12:19 pm If slavish pedanticism gets your rocks off, flail away Says Mr. “Appeal! Appeal! Appeal!” We can all be totally sure there’s no “pedanticism” in those appeal briefs. LOL Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … AAA JJ says: October 28, 2016 at 12:54 pm I don’t prosecute applications for gene bits and sequence fragments, and I don’t even have any idea what those are, nor do I care what they are, but I’m pretty sure if I was handling a case you were examining I would smoke you at the Board. Cuz you’re whole schpiel is nothing more than, “Come on your honors, you can’t be serious. Everybody knows this stuff is so old and well known that nobody ever bothered to write it down.” I’ve gotten dozens of reversals of examiners like you. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1.1.2.2 MaxDrei says: October 29, 2016 at 2:16 pm First, the courts in England construe Art 123(2) and (3) of the EPC at least as strictly as the Boards of Appeal of the EPO. But you know that already, don’t you. Second, that very strictness is just the ticket, when you are being threatened by a patent owner with a claim, amended in prosecution, leaving it directed to an invention that was perceived later than the filing date of the patent application that founded the asserted patent. But you knew that already, didn’t you, with all that experience you have accumulated, over your long career, of patent disputes in First to File country; oppositions, revocation actions and nullity suits under the EPC. Third, you seem to be fond of asserting that others here are too old to see the big picture, all the way from one side to the other . That gives me a clue to your own perceptions, junior. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1.2 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 10:46 am the jab at the EPO, was that a TOO strict view is not necessary It’s not “too strict” for most grown ups. Its just the way it is, for good reasons. But it easy to understand why less competent patent attorneys, accustomed to being coddled by the USPTO, would find international practice difficult. Of course, most of us competent prosecutors didn’t cut our teeth claiming methods of “automatically” sending lists of DVD recommendations by email or other cessp00l “technologies.” Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1.2.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 11:05 am Your feelings are noted. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1.2.2 AAA JJ says: October 28, 2016 at 12:05 pm “Of course, most of us competent prosecutors didn’t cut our teeth…” We know. You were cloning zygotes in your mom’s basement and writing cutting edge BASIC programs on your Commodore 64 when we were still in diapers. Thanks for the laughs, Grandpa. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 9.1.1.1.2.2.1 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 12:17 pm Dear AAA JJ and “anon”, There really are patent prosecutors out there whose life doesn’t revolve around shoveling pure junk at the PTO and appealing it ad nauseum whenever you aren’t crying on a patent blog about the mean old examiners and “star chambers” that are oh-so-unfair to you. Just because they never wanted to work alongside you doesn’t mean those patent prosecutors don’t exist. Keep struggling, though! You make a great team and eventually the tiny green shoot of your combined intellectually prowess will poke up through the sand and we’ll all know how awesome you both are. P.S. Be sure to keep telling your clients that they don’t need to define critical elements in their claims because “drawings”! You’ll have cashed their checks long before they discover that you were just bein’ lazy. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … AAA JJ says: October 28, 2016 at 12:48 pm I’ll explain it to you again, Grandpa: I’m in-house at a Fortune 10 company. My docket is about 40% mechanical (think TC 3700), about 40% materials (think TC 1700), and about 20% semiconductors (think TC 2800). But keep cutting and pasting from your script that anybody who disagrees with you is a “softie woftie” or a “do it on a compooter” “b0tt0m f##d!ng patent fl$ff#r.” It’s so original. Maybe you can get the people who are paying you to post here to write you some new material. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … anon says: October 28, 2016 at 1:22 pm It’s been a Decade, AAA JJ – why would Malcolm change now? … AAA JJ says: October 28, 2016 at 1:25 pm I would say it’s possible that the people who “write” the “jokes” on the new Matt LeBlanc sitcom are probably the same as the people who “write” Mooney’s “jokes” but that would be an insult to Matt’s writers. … MM says: October 28, 2016 at 1:40 pm the new Matt LeBlanc sitcom Wow. Maybe the pendulum is swinging back. … anon says: October 28, 2016 at 1:58 pm Malcolm, again with “the pendulum” when neither AA JJ nor I have ever made reference to that…? Because anyone not agreeing with you must all “think the same” or something….? … AAA JJ says: October 28, 2016 at 1:12 pm For filter’s sake: I’ll explain it to you again, Grandpa: I’m in-house at a Fortune 10 company. My docket is about 40% mechanical (think TC 3700), about 40% materials (think TC 1700), and about 20% semiconductors (think TC 2800). But keep cutting and pasting from your script that anybody who disagrees with you is a “s0ftie w0ftie.” It’s so original. Maybe you can get the people who are paying you to post here to write you some new material. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … MM says: October 28, 2016 at 1:32 pm I’m in-house at a Fortune 10 company. Ah, well, we all know that the most detail-oriented and diligent patent prosecutors end up in-house at Fortune 10 companies. There’s no corner cutting or “just file it” mentality there! Everybody knows that. Let “Gramps” give you a little lesson: there’s a big difference between a well-drafted specification, on one hand, and “what you can get away with when nobody’s looking closely” on the other. Everybody in the business knows the difference. If you’re an expert at the latter, well, congrats to you. Collect your paycheck and be happy. But defending lazy drafting practices just makes you look, well, lazy. And immature. Also, experience means nothing if you don’t learn from it. The only reason I’ve ever brought up my background here is to address the mewlings of puffed-up script-reciting bl0whards who insist that anyone who doesn’t love s0ftware patents as much as they do has never seen a computer or a patent before. But you knew that already. … AAA JJ says: October 28, 2016 at 1:41 pm “Let “Gramps” give you a little lesson…” No thanks. Save it for somebody who cares. “There’s no corner cutting or ‘just file it’ mentality there! Everybody knows that.” Your cluelessness is showing. Prolly those examiner tendencies creeping in. “The only reason I’ve ever brought up my background here is to address the mewlings of puffed-up script-reciting bl0whards…” That’s you. Go back and read the last 10,000 or so posts you’ve made. … anon says: October 28, 2016 at 2:03 pm LOL – AAA JJ, you’ve noticed Malcolm’s number one meme of Accusing Others Of That Which Malcolm Does. This has been noted so often that the mere acronym has found its way to the “politically incorrect” cen cen list and is blocked. Pity that that same cen cen list cannot block the blight itself. Oh well, maybe Prof. Crouch did not want to buy pizzas for the local college boys down at the coffee shop this past weekend (or any other weekend over the last past ten years 😉 ) 8 Atari Man says: October 27, 2016 at 4:03 pm Dennis, please include the names of the judges on the panel in your write-ups. We all know that, as a practical matter, the outcome in many CAFC panel decision is dependent on the composition of that panel, so that information is helpful in putting a given decision in the proper context. (Here it was Prost, Taranto and Hughes.) Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 8.1 Patent Investor says: October 27, 2016 at 5:57 pm Is there a decent reference point out there for the attitude of the CAFC judges toward patents? I’m sure several here could make a list if they so desired. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 8.1.1 Yes says: October 28, 2016 at 7:45 am Here are there Section 101 scorecards. link to bilskiblog.com Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 8.1.2 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 10:40 am Patent Investor Here’s a suggestion: don’t invest in patents whose validity hinges on the panel of CAFC judges who might hear the appeal. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 8.1.2.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 12:01 pm The one-way editing is itself pretty funny here Prof. Crouch. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7 RandomGuy says: October 27, 2016 at 3:28 pm Bad law. Novelty claimed by function rather than structure so they write in the structure to save the claim. Should have reversed construction and let entire claim fail under 112a or 101. Here we see the very threat of overbreadth that Morse, Wabash, Halliburton, etc fear – Applicant posits two ways of achieving a functional result, defendant clearly invented a third, unposited manner, and rather than the law rewarding him with his own patent he is put on trial as an infringer. There is zero record evidence that the infringer’s manner of achieving the result was posited by the patentee, or else the construction would not be dispositive of the case. The office needs to properly train the examiners to recognize the functionally claimed invalidity to protect the later-inventor. Or what some short sighted people on here call “being anti patent”.” Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.1 RandomGuy says: October 27, 2016 at 3:35 pm Btw, between this and the previous wrongly decided “no strong presumption of ‘means for’ invoking/not invoking 112f” case, the federal circuit is setting itself up to decide a claim as “entirely invalid” or “valid but limited to embodiments in spec” at will. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.1.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 4:10 pm the federal circuit is setting itself up to decide a claim as “entirely invalid” or “valid but limited to embodiments in spec” at will. That game has been going on for years. I can’t remember whose on which team anymore but there’s at least one CAFC judge still inclined to read limitations into claims to preserve their validity where the spec describes just one species (e.g., “a contoured X”) but somehow (so mysterious!) the claim, on its face, recites just the generic “X”. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.1.2 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 8:18 am “previous wrongly decided “no strong presumption of ‘means for’ invoking/not invoking 112f”” Which case and exactly why “wrongly decided”…? I mean if course, more than just your feelings or desired view of the law… Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.2 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 4:01 pm What’s hilariously desperate about the patentee’s theory of the case is how the claims read if we use the patentee’s definition of “neutralizer”, i.e., “just some kind of measuring device.” Let’s ignore the silliness of repeating the steps for each foot (surely that wasn’t necessary for patentability). A method of fitting an individual with a shoe insert which places the ankle of the individual in a neutral position comprising the steps of: having the individual place one foot on some kind of measuring device while elevating the other foot off of said measuring device; using the measuring device to determine the angle necessary to place the foot in a neutral position; providing an insert having an angle which represents the neutral state for the foot Wow. Just … wow. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.3 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 4:15 pm The odds of a nearly identical claim out there “wherein said neutralizer comprises a computer configured to calculate the angle” must be close to 100%. Totally different issues, of course. Totally. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.4 Ned Heller says: October 28, 2016 at 6:26 am Random, I think the problem is the claim is (at least potentially) indefinite. If a person of ordinary skill in the art cannot tell with reasonable certainty what the scope of the claim is, then the claim is invalid. Here, if what a neutralizer is was clearly defined in the specification, then I believe there is no problem with definiteness. However if that is not the case from reading the specification, and the prosecution history provides no reliable definition, then it is also indefinite. In this case I believe that the court might be right that the claim term at issue, neutralizer, was clearly defined in the parent’s prosecution history. That is what saved this patent from being invalid. We get into scope issues if resort to the specification/prosecution history provides no definite structure – here for example if the specification only said that a neutralizer was anything that performed a neutralizing function. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.4.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 7:20 am Ned, Under your “reasoning,” ALL claims are “potentially indefinite” because we have to use this thing called language (in the view of “This is not a pipe”). Breadth is simply not the same as indefinitenes. No matter how many times it appears that certain people may want to conflate the two. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.4.1.1 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 10:50 am Breadth is simply not the same as indefinitenes. Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn’t. Different aspects of the patent statutes are informed by many of the same considerations. It should surprise nobody that a junk claim fails under multiple tests. And in many instances it doesn’t particularly matter which one you choose. Invariably the folks who hyperventilate about the hardest about the differences are the same folks who never saw a junky patent claim they couldn’t embrace and slober over. And we all know who I’m talking about. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.4.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 11:08 am It is not. Ever. You may have separation items occurring at the same time though. But that does not mean that you should attempt to conflate these two very different things. That path is merely obfuscation. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 7.4.1.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 11:27 am Separation ==> separate Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 10:57 am Bookend provided by today’s CAFC decision in GE Lighting: As GE’s expert admitted, an ordinarily skilled artisan cannot, without additional information, differentiate an “elongated” core from a “non-elongated” core. “Elongated” appears nowhere in the specification, nor, as GE admits, are the core’s dimensions otherwise described in text or drawings. And in the prosecution history, GE distinguished two prior art references disclosing heat sinks … as not containing an “elongated” element. This patent should never have left the PTO and if the PTO wants to pretend to be concerned about “patent quality” it should apologize to the public for its rank incompetence here (and elsewhere) and teach applicants that they will never be allowed to overcome the prior art be relying on unsupported, much less undefined, claim terms that have been pulled from the ether. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1 Les says: October 27, 2016 at 11:03 am But everyone knows what elongated means. Is a not very complicated portion of the English language. GE’s expert was probably nervous. Of course he knows what elongated means. It means the item is long compared to its width…. at least about 4 or 5 times longer than wide. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 11:08 am I can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic or not. It means the item is … at least about 4 or 5 times longer than wide In what dictionary did you find this definition? Not that it matters. You aren’t allowed to “invent” around the prior art by reaching into the void and grabbing limitations that you failed to include in your specification. Yes, we all know that the s0ftie w0ftie crowd was brought up to believe differently but, hey, everybody has to grow up sometime. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.1 anon says: October 27, 2016 at 11:29 am S0ftie w0ftie…? You just can’t help yourself, can you Malcolm? Seek help for that 0bsess10n. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.1.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 11:31 am Says the guy who snarked about computers a half hour before my comment. But you’re totally not a hypocrite! Nope. Not you. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.1.1.1 anon says: October 27, 2016 at 11:47 am Lol – my “snark” presages your actual “going there.” The fact that you saw that and still went there only shows just how 0bsessed YOU are. But thanks for pointing that out, O master clutcher of the shovel! Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.2 Les says: October 27, 2016 at 11:43 am Having notably more length than width; being long and slender. usage: “an elongate tail tapering to a point”; “the old man’s gaunt and elongated frame” link to powerthesaurus.org Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.3 tourbillon says: October 27, 2016 at 11:47 pm In what dictionary have you found the definition of “abstract” hot shot? You have no problem when it comes to knowing what that undefined term means but at “elongated” you suddenly become befuddled. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.3.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 5:30 am A bit like when he became befuddled when the word “effectively” was in play awhile back. His selectivity is just sooo awesome. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.3.2 Les says: October 28, 2016 at 9:44 am Well said, sir. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.3.3 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 10:25 am In what dictionary have you found the definition of “abstract” hot shot? You have no problem when it comes to knowing what that undefined term means but at “elongated” you suddenly become befuddled. And this is why nobody should ever take the s0ftie w0ftie’s seriously. Welcome to elementary school, tourb! It’s a big step up from kindergarten. You’re going to miss the graham crackers. Nobody’s “befuddled” by the definition of “elongated.” There are two problems here. First, the term doesn’t appear anywhere in the applicant’s specification and until the applicant was presented with prior art there was no suggestion anywhere that an “elongated” anything was worthy of protecting. Second, the definition of “elongated” is a relative term and even if the prior art failed to show an “elongated” thing, there is no way that the mere recitation of “elongated” is going to make your claim non-obvious. This is basic stuff but, hey, I’m used to explaining basic stuff to ign0rant patent attorneys for whom every day is a profound intellectual struggle. Just learn how to write a patent application, guys. Grow up, stop whining, and learn how to do it right. Also, stop lying to your clients about all the awesome tricks you know for avoiding doing any work, learning about the prior art, or disclosing anything in meaningful detail. It’s gr0ss and it makes the whole profession look sleazy. Thanks, guys. LOL — who am I kidding? You’re born b0ttom-feeders and that’s never going to change. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.3.3.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 11:28 am And there goes Malcolm making his usual ad hominem accusations… Happy Decade of Decadence. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.3.3.2 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 12:04 pm A patent doctrine that you might find helpful to understand here Malcolm is the doctrine of inherency. It matters not at all whether something “seemed” unimportant until any particular art was brought into the examination. I do not know why you would feel such. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.3.3.2.1 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 12:21 pm A patent doctrine that you might find helpful to understand here Malcolm is the doctrine of inherency. Maybe someday we’ll all have a laugh about the irony of you pretending that I don’t understand “the doctrine of inherency.” In the meantime …. LOL Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … anon says: October 28, 2016 at 2:09 pm Rather than any faux pretending, perhaps you can simply adjust your usual scripts to reflect this (unseen) knowledge that you now seem to want to claim to have. Hint: your “feelings” do not show any awareness of that doctrine. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.4 mike says: October 28, 2016 at 8:38 am Doesn’t elongated merely mean a structure that is longer than it is wide? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.1.4.1 MM says: October 28, 2016 at 10:36 am Mike: Doesn’t elongated merely mean a structure that is longer than it is wide? According to the opinion, that wouldn’t have sufficed to get around the prior art in this case. Got any other definitions? There’s one out there about “unusually lengthened”. You think that’s “definite”? Here’s the deal: applicants need to learn how to write an application. That means you understand what’s in the prior art and you include the terms and definitions of terms that you need to rely on to distinguish your claim from the art. It really isn’t that difficult. But that assumes that somebody actually innovated something that you can patent. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.2 MaxDrei says: October 27, 2016 at 11:16 am Something that is much longer than it is wide is elongate. Elongated is what an elastic band is, when you are stretching it. So I for one am not sure, Les, that everyone agrees, on what “elongated” means. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.2.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 11:29 am There’s no requirement for “much longer” in the definition of “elongated.” It’s a relative term. If something is normally round and I stretch it a tiny bit along one axis, it is now “elongated” relative to the “normal” version. The relative nature of the adjective is the source of the ambiguity. Granted, there might be situations where the degree of elongation isn’t critical to “the invention”. But that’s certainly not this case here, nor would it be wise to ever include such a term without a definition and a back up disclosure of more specific parameters. All this assumes that there is an actual “innovation” involved as opposed to scrivening for monetization’s sake. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.2.2 Les says: October 27, 2016 at 11:48 am I said everyone knows. Not that they agree. You will find infringers that disagree with the patent owner about the meaning of every word. Patents cannot define every word included in the patent. Where would one fine the definition of the words in the definitions? I suppose its possible to draft a self contained application wherein only words defined in the application are used in the application. But the destinations would have to be circular on the whole…. Anyway, its clear that the Examiner new what elongated meant and the Examiner must have felt elongated was supported by the specification else there would have been an new matter rejection. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.2.2.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 12:29 pm the Examiner must have felt elongated was supported by the specification else there would have been an new matter rejection. Or the Examiner was on drugs. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.2.2.1.1 AAA JJ says: October 27, 2016 at 2:10 pm Or maybe the examiner is an EXPERT who’s examined and allowed 500+ patents. Maybe. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.1.2.2.1.1.1 PatentBob says: October 27, 2016 at 2:47 pm Has anyone ever seen MM say anything nice about anyone at any time? I can’t remember a case. He’s here to put people down. He wants people to leave so that this is his forum (more that it already is — pretty much every post seems to become MM’s playground). If you disagree with him, prepare to meet his wrath. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … anon says: October 27, 2016 at 3:13 pm PatentBob, It has only been going on like that…. …for a DECADE. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … MM says: October 27, 2016 at 4:03 pm I can’t remember a case. I’m trying to remember why anyone should care what you remember about anything. Maybe you can refresh our collective memories? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply … anon says: October 27, 2016 at 4:37 pm LOL – maybe something about “ecosystem”…. Nah… 😉 6.1.2.2.1.2 Les says: October 27, 2016 at 3:17 pm I can’t tell if you being sarcastic or not. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.2 MaxDrei says: October 27, 2016 at 11:23 am It’s particularly egregious when Applicant, having plucked “elongated” out of thin air, then has the bare-faced cheek to assert, in support of patentability, that none of the references discloses teaches or suggests “elongated”. A PTO Examiner of ordinary skill in the patent examining arts might at that point hoist that Applicant with his own petard, by quietly enquiring of Applicant: “OK. That may be so but, by the same token, where in the application as filed do you announce that “elongated” is the invention here? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.2.1 6 says: October 27, 2016 at 1:32 pm I have to do this at least 4x a year. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.2.2 AAA JJ says: October 27, 2016 at 2:06 pm “It’s particularly egregious when Applicant, having plucked ‘elongated’ out of thin air, then has the bare-faced cheek to assert, in support of patentability, that none of the references discloses teaches or suggests ‘elongated’.” It wasn’t “plucked out of thin air.” It was clearly shown in the drawings. Drawings can provide written description support. Maybe not in the over infantilized, hyperpedantic EPO, but we’re not talking about the EPO. “A PTO Examiner of ordinary skill in the patent examining arts might at that point hoist that Applicant with his own petard, by quietly enquiring of Applicant: ‘OK. That may be so but, by the same token, where in the application as filed do you announce that ‘elongated’ is the invention here?'” Again, it’s in the drawings. You might want to see Vas-Cath: “These cases support our holding that, under proper circumstances, drawings alone may provide a ‘written description’ of an invention as required by § 112.” So examiners are experts, huh? Interesting. I do hear that a lot. I hear it, of course, from the examiners themselves. I hear it from appeals court judges too. When it suits the conclusion based decision they are rendering. Of course, in this case, the examiner, oh excuse me!, I mean THE EXPERT, saw the amendment to add “elongated” and considered it to have written description support, and to define over the prior art. So now the so-called EXPERT is apparently a complete dolt. Interesting. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.2.2.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 2:32 pm Drawings can provide written description support. If the drawing being relied on to bring a new term into the claim is a drawing of an embodiment of the invention as opposed to an embodiment of a component of the invention, then the claim in which that term appears needs to be limited to what’s depicted in the drawing. If you don’t like that result, learn how to draft an application properly. It’s really not that hard. Of course, you might have to actually understand the prior art instead of burying your head in the sand, pretending you were born yesterday and loading your application with a bunch of nonsense that you’ll massage later. Oh, right, and I also forgot: Appeal, appeal, appeal! Because that’s another way to waste your s@cker client’s money. By the way, are you also advising your clients that the “pendulum is swinging back” as other malpractice artists seem to be doing? Better grab that cash fast and run to the bank …. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.2.2.1.1 AAA JJ says: October 27, 2016 at 2:46 pm “…and I also forgot: Appeal, appeal, appeal! Because that’s another way to waste your s@cker client’s money.” It’s simply amazing that you’re the only person on this site that 1) knows how to draft an application, 2) has never committed inequitable conduct, and 3) has all the “sophisticated” clients. My clients are pretty happy with my appeals. Because I win. And they get what they are entitled to. You should try it sometime. But if your super sophisticated clients are content for you to get them picture claims, whatever. None of my business. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.2.2.1.1.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 3:23 pm you’re the only person on this site that 1) knows how to draft an application, 2) has never committed inequitable conduct, and 3) has all the “sophisticated” clients. Hey, if you say so. What’s amazing is the number of so-called “patent attorneys” who pop up in the wake of decisions like this one to defend the worst drafting practices out there. Go ahead and keep appeal!appeal!appealing! your poorly drafted cases. Yes, the patent attorneys do win when they can convince their clients that such appeals are just part of the cost of doing business. After all, “the pendulum is swinging back” and before we know it every junky functional claim littered with undefined abstract terms pulled out of the ether is going to be worth a zillion dollars. It’d be a shame to miss out! Some patent attorney on a blog told us so. So keep throwing money at your favorite patent attorney. They don’t have enough money yet. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.2.2.1.2 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 5:37 am “If the drawing being relied on to bring a new term into the claim is a drawing of an embodiment of the invention as opposed to an embodiment of a component of the invention, then the claim in which that term appears needs to be limited to what’s depicted in the drawing.” Doctor, heal thyself. Try those short declarative sentences you are always on about. “ learn how to draft an application properly” LOL – and then in reply you kind of abandon this statement. It appears that what you mean by “properly” Malcolm, is where your pedantic nature abounds. (and love how you attempt to lump AAA JJ into the “everyone else must all believe the same stuff” crowd” with the pendulum comment. Has AAA JJ ever given any indication whatsoever that he believes such? Hint: no. But why let that get in the way of your scripted reply, eh?) Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.2.2.2 Les says: October 27, 2016 at 3:20 pm Is it? I looked at the figs. And as best as I can tell the thing looks coin shaped. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.3 slaffles says: October 27, 2016 at 11:50 am link to patentimages.storage.googleapis.com Figures 1 and 2 of the subject patent. Core is 62, goes from 60 to 64 (the fin like things). It looks longer than it is wide – so I would say inherently disclosed. Yes, the spec doesn’t use the term “elongated” but the Figure shows it. Now, that does actually answer the question that the litigation asked – what the f does “elongated” mean under 112(b) [really, 112, 2nd Paragraph, because it is pre-AIA]. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.4 AAA JJ says: October 27, 2016 at 12:21 pm “…teach applicants that they will never be allowed to overcome the prior art be relying on unsupported, much less undefined, claim terms that have been pulled from the ether.” Unlike DNA bits and protein fragments, many electrical and mechanical inventions include drawings as part of the disclosure. Relying on the drawings’ disclosure, and what one of ordinary skill in the art would understand from the drawings, without going into painstaking written detail as to any, and every, possible feature that the drawings disclose is part of the grown up arts that are electrical and mechanical. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.4.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 12:36 pm Did I say that drawings don’t constitute support? No, I didn’t. And it goes without saying that if you’re only support for a newly introduced claim term is found in a drawing, then be prepared to have the claim in which that term appears limited to what appears in that drawing. Also, I know this hard for a person with a limited technological background (i.e., you) to understand, but biotech applications typically include drawings. Competent grown up practitioners still try to define their terms, particular the key terms. The failure to do so is almost always indicative of incompetence or chicanery. But competent practitioners know this already. [shrugs] Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.4.1.1 AAA JJ says: October 27, 2016 at 1:26 pm The only person on this site impressed with your understanding of nucleic acids and the awesome FORTRAN programs you wrote as a post doc is yourself. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.4.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 5:37 am He is a legend (and guardian of those special fields of rye) in his own mind. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.5 AAA JJ says: October 27, 2016 at 12:24 pm “As GE’s expert admitted, an ordinarily skilled artisan cannot, without additional information, differentiate an ‘elongated’ core from a ‘non-elongated’ core.” That’s some pretty turrible witness prep. I would expect better. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.5.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 12:31 pm That’s some pretty turrible witness prep. I would expect better. Not everybody is as comfortable with perjuring themselves as you are, AAA JJ. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.5.1.1 AAA JJ says: October 27, 2016 at 1:29 pm Way to miss the point. Not preparing the witness to testify on the “ordinary and customary” meaning of the claim terms is terrible practice. No need for perjury. But as we all know you consider yourself the only person on this site to never have committed inequitable conduct, it’s not surprising. Good for you. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.5.1.1.1 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 2:22 pm Those of us who have litigated (at least) know that some cases are born l0sers. In those cases, it’s often not too difficult to get the l0sing side’s expert to admit the truth, regardless of the amount of time spent “prepping.” This wasn’t about looking up the dictionary definition of the term “elongated.” It’s about what exactly does the term “elongated” mean in the context of this technology. And the truthful answer is that you can’t answer the question with any degree of specificity without “additional information.” Note that with respect to the prior art which was allegedly distinguished as being “non-elongated”, the CAFC opinion observes that “the disk … and the plate … [in each of the cited references] both extend in length”. But, according to the applicant, somehow those articles weren’t “elongated”. Why should the public be forced to play this game with patentees, at the cost of hundreds of thoudands of dollars? Applicants need to learn how write specifications, and the PTO needs to learn how to say “no” to its “stakeholders” when they venture far beyond the borders of the playground. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.5.1.1.1.1 AAA JJ says: October 27, 2016 at 2:42 pm “Why should the public be forced to play this game with patentees, at the cost of hundreds of thoudands of dollars?” Wasn’t aware that “the public” was being sued in this case. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.5.1.1.1.1.1 anon says: October 27, 2016 at 3:17 pm In Malcolm’s mind, the field of rye he protects is for ALL OTHERS except those E V I L patent holders…. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.5.1.1.1.1.2 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 3:25 pm Wasn’t aware that “the public” was being sued in this case. Ah yes: patents don’t really exist and have no impact on the public until the lawsuit is filed. Is this the latest script du jour? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 6.5.1.1.1.2 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 5:40 am “Those of us who have litigated (at least) know that some cases are born l0sers. In those cases, it’s often not too difficult to get the l0sing side’s expert to admit the truth, regardless of the amount of time spent “prepping.”” What delightful spin. Of course, this is exactly NOT what AAA JJ was saying. But hey, you managed to imply your own “greatness” again, while moving those goalposts. How charming. Maybe now you want to go back and talk about what AAA JJ was actually talking about…. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 5 MM says: October 27, 2016 at 10:39 am according to ProFoot, a neutralizer should be defined based upon its functional ability rather than any particular physical elements. Hilarious. The “neutralizer” is the key component to the method. The steps that don’t recite the use of the “neutralizer” simply recite “providing the insert” which has an angle “representing” the “neutral state” determined through use of … (wait for it) … the “neutralizer.” What a piece of junk. One question that I have here involves the court’s use of prosecution history as providing “evidence of the inventor’s understanding of neutralizer.” The court has previously held that inventor’s understanding of claim meaning is not directly relevant to claim construction. Rather, the focus is on the objective meaning understood by someone of ordinary skill in the art. Dennis, I think the prohibition on consideration of “the inventor’s understanding” is narrower than you make it appear in your discussion here. Certainly the inventor’s testimony about what he/she “understood” a claim term to mean can’t trump the meaning of the term identified through the lens of Phillips. But there’s no avoiding the fact that when the Phillips methodology is followed, the court (standing in the shoes of one of ordinary skill) will at times be trying to figure out what “the inventor” (or the inventor’s attorney) must have “meant” when he/she used or relied on certain words. The problem for claim interpreters arises in situations, as in this case, where “the inventor” uses a term to mean whatever is convenient at the moment. In such situations, the claim should be deemed indefinite or at least interpreted against the applicant/patentee. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 5.1 Paul F. Morgan says: October 27, 2016 at 1:49 pm I think Dennis asked a good question, and that you will find case law indicating that what the inventor now says he personally subjectively meant by a word in a claim is not relevant to what that word objectively means for a 103 [POSITA] test, and does not overcome intrinsic evidence. Of course the inventor’s testimony could presumably be used to present evidence of what others in his field thought such a word meant at the filing date, if he had such evidence? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 5.1.1 anon says: October 27, 2016 at 8:00 pm Paul, see post 3, below. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 5.1.1.1 Paul F. Morgan says: October 28, 2016 at 8:46 am “Being your own lexicographer” refers to defining claim terms in the spec itself, and is clear intrinsic evidence. An attempt to better define a claim term in application prosecution history arguments, even if effective, could be considered an admission against interest and/or prosecution history estoppel. Neither is what Dennis was apparently referring to – subsequent inventor patent litigation testimony. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 5.1.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 9:05 am Thanks Paul. I am not sure though that the timing (in the litigation phase) of the item being used for meaning was something actually stated during litigation as opposed to something stated during prosecution. In other words I do not take Prof. Crouch’s comment to be what you are taking that same comment to be. The court was using prosecution history – not litigation history. I do not see where you think that Prof. Crouch may have said anything about any statements strictly from litigation, as opposed to statements in litigation about what was said during prosecution. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 5.1.1.1.1.1 Paul F. Morgan says: October 28, 2016 at 9:29 am You may be right about the latter, but claim definition arguments in the application prosecution are usually mere attorney argumentation, not inventor declarations, unless supported with good evidence. Inventor declarations in the file history would still not be of proper evidentiary value [other than possible admissions against interest?] if not providing evidence of what the claim term meant to POSITAs [not just the inventor] as of the filing date. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 5.1.1.1.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 10:10 am Maybe Prof. Crouch will weigh in (although I think that we are close in view of the point here). Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 4 Les says: October 27, 2016 at 10:35 am Has anyone reviewed the prosecution history? Was the Hokey-Pokey cited in a 103 rejection against claim 1? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 3 anon says: October 27, 2016 at 10:33 am Is not the use of prosecution history understood to be an exception to PHOSITA, as an express repudiation of anything except what is stated by applicant, forsaking the PHOSITA standard (and not incoincidently creating a type of “patent profanity” – the very “trap for the unwary” during prosecution)…? Or in other words, PHOSITA remains the standard, except when the applicant affirmly says otherwise (akin to being his own lexicographer). Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 2 anon says: October 27, 2016 at 10:25 am What? Functional claiming and no computers or software in sight…? 😉 Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 2.1 Alex in Chicago says: October 27, 2016 at 2:40 pm Seems the court reviewed this as an implicit invocation of 112(f), which is not unheard of. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 2.1.1 anon says: October 27, 2016 at 3:10 pm Not so sure about that Alex. Courts doing that have not been shy about expressly saying that they are doing that. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 2.1.1.1 mike says: October 28, 2016 at 8:40 am during oral arguments the judges spent most of the time discussing how the term should have invoked a 112 6th issue Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 2.1.1.1.1 anon says: October 28, 2016 at 9:13 am Thanks Mike – that is helpful to know. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 2.1.2 K. David Crockett says: October 28, 2016 at 3:54 pm Seems like the court implicitly applied means-plus-function analysis to a nonce term, without understanding or mentioning that they were doing that. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1 MaxDrei says: October 27, 2016 at 10:05 am As to “the process” of claim construction, the Decision has it as: “The words of a claim are generally given their ordinary and customary meaning, which is the meaning that the term would have to a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention.” Meanwhile, Dennis has it as: “The approach is to look for how a personal of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the application filing date would have interpreted the claim language” Whereas the Supreme Court in the UK has it as: What was the writer of the claim using the language of the claim to mean (to the PHOSITA reader). Dennis and SCOTUK refer to the language of the claim whereas Philips is focussed on the meaning of an individual word in the claim. Is Dennis (perhaps unwittingly) closer to SCOTUK than to Philips? Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Patently-O Authors Dennis Crouch Associate Professor, University of Missouri School of Law SSRN Articles Jason Rantanen Associate Professor, University of Iowa College of Law SSRN Articles Occasional guest posts by IP practitioners and academics Patently-O Tools Subscribe to the blog 19,000+ individuals now receive Patently-O via e-mail each morning. Find a patent job We regularly post top patent jobs from leading firms, corporations, and government and educational institutions. Submit a patent job Find a patent professional among our 15,000+ monthly readers. Recent Patent Posts Ski at Snowmass: January 4-8, 2017 (and Talk Law) Supreme Court Patent Cases: Post Sale Exhaustion What Would Eliminating Chevron Deference mean for Patent Law Federal Circuit’s Internal Debate of Eligibility Continues Citing to Supreme Court’s Eligibility Cases President Trump and the Patent Office Results of the Clarity of the Record Pilot A BETR Journal: The Business, Entrepreneurship & Tax Law Review Partial-Institution Decisions Blessed by En Banc Federal Circuit Vote 2016 CategoriesCategories Select Category – US – Southwest Academic Studies Accelerated Examination All Elements Amicus Brief Anticipation Articles and Publications assignment Attorney Fees Bayh-Dole Best Mode Biotech Bits and Bytes Blogroll Book Review Books BPAI Business Developments CAFC CBM Certificate of Correction Chemical Claim Construction Claim Drafting Tips collateral Conference or CLE conflict of interest Contributory Infringement Copyright Current Affairs Damages Declaratory Judgment Design Patent Disclaimer Dissent District Court Doctrine of Equivalents Doctrine of Patent Misuse EFiling En Banc Enablement Ethics False Marking Fee Shifting Fees First Sale / Exhaustion Food and Drink Games Gaming Graham Factors Guest Post Indefinite Inducement Inequitable Conduct Infringement Injunctions Interference Invalidity Inventors Inventorship IPR ITC Job Post Journal Jurisdiction Laches Law Firm Practice Law School Lear Doctrine License Local Rules malpractice mandamus Means Plus Function Medical Device Method Claims Motivation to Combine Novelty Obviousness On Sale Ownership Patent Patent Applications Patent Cases 2004 Patent Cases 2005 Patent Cases 2006 Patent Cases 2007 Patent Cases 2008 Patent Cases 2009 Patent Cases 2010 Patent Cases 2011 Patent Cases 2012 Patent Cases 2014 Patent Legislation Patent Prosecution Patent Q&A Patent Term Extension Patentable Subject Matter Petitions PGR Pharma PHOSITA Post Grant Review Preissuance Submissions Printed Matter Doctrine Prior Art Priority Rights Procedure Provisional Patent Application PTAB Public Use Rantanen Reexamination Reissue Revival Science Settlement Software Standing State Immunity Stats statutory bar Statutory Construction Summary Judgment Supreme Court Survey Takings Teaching Away Television TipCast Tools Trade Secret Trademark Transnational USITC USPTO News Vitiation Web/Tech Weblogs Work – Patent Agent Work – Patent Litigation Work – Patent Prosecution Search for: Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 A few links Patent Docs IP Kat Prof Goldman SCOTUS Blog ELS Spicy IP The Patent Law Journal Bill Vobach IP Watchdog Levin Crouch Patent Mediation Services SpiritFelt City Garden School Missouri-K Contact Us E-mail Dennis Crouch Post a Job on Patently-O E-mail Patently-O Jobs
null
null
null
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Human Vaccines Market is Expected to Reach US $72.5 Billion by 2024: Rise in Awareness Programs Sponsored by For-profit and Non-Profit Organizations a Significant Growth Booster, Finds TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Oct 28, 2016, 10:30 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, October 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The global human vaccines market is dominated by GlaxoSmithKline plc. Sanofi, Pfizer, Inc., and Merck & Co, Inc. These players collectively accounted for over 70% of the market in terms of revenue in 2015. Analysts at Transparency Market Research have identified some of the key strategies adopted by players in the Human Vaccines Market in order to gain a competitive edge over the rest. These include mergers and acquisitions, collaborations and acquisitions for market penetration, the establishment of local production sites, the expansion of product portfolios, and expansion activities in regions with high growth potential. A focus on research and development is also a successful growth strategy, TMR finds. For instance, Pfizer, Inc. has always focused on R&D in order to improve innovation and productivity. It is presently working on various pipeline products for different therapies and innovating new capabilities that can position it for long-term leadership across the globe. The global human vaccines market was valued at US$28.3 bn in 2015 and is estimated to reach US$72.5 bn by 2024, registering an 11.2% CAGR during the forecast period. Inquire for a Sample Copy of the Research Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=16127 Hospital Pharmacies and Drugstores Prominent Distribution Channels for Human Vaccines  By age group, pediatric vaccines accounted for a 57.5% share in the global human vaccines market in 2015. Adult vaccines, on the other hand, are expected to expand at a 13.2% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Based on product, the pneumococcal segment accounted for the majority share in in 2015, with the hepatitis segment exhibiting strong growth during the forecast period. On basis of vaccine type, the conjugate vaccines segment accounted for the majority share in the global human vaccines market in 2015. On the other hand, the combination vaccines segment is expected to expand at an outstanding CAGR from 2016 to 2024. By distribution channel, the hospital pharmacies segment led the global human vaccines market. However, the drugstores segment is projected to expand at a considerable pace through 2024. Geographically, North America dominates the global human vaccines market and is estimated to reach a value of US$28.0 bn by 2024. Asia Pacific is the most promising market for human vaccines and is expected to expand at a high CAGR of 12.5% during the forecast period. Browse Research Report with Complete TOC: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/human-vaccines-market.html Minimal Side Effects of Vaccines Bolstering Large-scale Adoption  An extremely low risk of serious and fatal side effects associated with vaccines is one of the primary factors driving the market for human vaccines around the world. Similar to other drugs, vaccines are associated with a few side effects; however, most of the times, these are rather mild. Soreness, swelling, redness at the site of injection, fever, rash, or itchiness are the most common side effects of vaccines. Several healthcare organizations, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the US FDA, the American Medical Association (AMA), and the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) recommend the use of vaccines owing to their safety. Complementing this factor is the growing awareness among patients and the general population regarding the benefits of vaccination. This can be attributed to a rise in awareness programs by government, private, and not-for-profit organizations. "The celebration of the National Immunization Awareness Month in the month of August in the U.S., for instance, is a great way of spreading awareness and getting more people to opt for vaccination," the author of the report states. High Costs Deterring Market Growth  Strict regulatory requirements is a major hurdle for most players in the global human vaccines market. In addition to this, high costs pose a significant challenge. "The discovery and development of new vaccines require immense capital. Moreover, the transportation, storage, and handling of vaccines can also be extremely heavy on the pocket," the TMR analyst reports. Apart from this, the containment of technical expertise in the hands of a few major players also acts as a deterrent on the growth of the human vaccines market. Speak to Research Expert for any Query: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=ASK&rep_id=16127 Global Human Vaccines Market, by Vaccine Type  Conjugate Recombinant Inactivated Combination Attenuated Others Global Human Vaccines Market, by Product  Pneumococcal Influenza Hepatitis HPV Meningococcal Rotavirus Measles and Mumps Typhoid Combination Others Global Human Vaccines Market, by Age Group  Pediatrics Adolescents Adults Geriatrics Global Human Vaccines Market, by Distribution Channel  Hospital Pharmacies Drugstores Others Global Human Vaccines Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Italy Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific (APAC) Japan China ASEAN Rest of APAC Latin America (LATAM) Brazil Mexico Rest of LATAM Middle East & Africa (MEA) GCC South Africa Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Reports:  U.S. Vaccine Market (Human Vaccines: Hepatitis, Influenza, Meningococcal, Pneumococcal, HPV, Combination Vaccines; Animal Vaccines: Canine, Feline, Porcine, Bovine, Ovine, Poultry and Equine) - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 - 2020 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-vaccine-market.html Veterinary Vaccines Market (Animal Type - Companion Animals (Equine, Canine, and Feline) and Livestock Animals (Bovine, Ovine, Porcine, and Poultry); Technology Type - Inactivated Vaccines, Live Attenuated Vaccines, Conjugate Vaccines, and Toxoid Vaccines) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-vaccines-market.html DNA Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2013 - 2019 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/dna-vaccines-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Human Vaccines Market is Expected to Reach US $72.5 Billion by 2024: Rise in Awareness Programs Sponsored by For-profit and Non-Profit Organizations a Significant Growth Booster, Finds TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Oct 28, 2016, 10:30 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Human Vaccines Market is Expected to Reach US $72.5 Billion by 2024: Rise in Awareness Programs Sponsored by For-profit and Non-Profit Organizations a Significant Growth Booster, Finds TMR ALBANY, New York, October 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The global human vaccines market is dominated by GlaxoSmithKline plc. Sanofi, Pfizer, Inc., and Merck & Co, Inc. These players collectively accounted for over 70% of the market in terms of revenue in 2015. Analysts at Transparency Market Research have identified some of the key strategies adopted by players in the Human Vaccines Market in order to gain a competitive edge over the rest. These include mergers and acquisitions, collaborations and acquisitions for market penetration, the establishment of local production sites, the expansion of product portfolios, and expansion activities in regions with high growth potential. A focus on research and development is also a successful growth strategy, TMR finds. For instance, Pfizer, Inc. has always focused on R&D in order to improve innovation and productivity. It is presently working on various pipeline products for different therapies and innovating new capabilities that can position it for long-term leadership across the globe. The global human vaccines market was valued at US$28.3 bn in 2015 and is estimated to reach US$72.5 bn by 2024, registering an 11.2% CAGR during the forecast period. Inquire for a Sample Copy of the Research Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=16127 Hospital Pharmacies and Drugstores Prominent Distribution Channels for Human Vaccines  By age group, pediatric vaccines accounted for a 57.5% share in the global human vaccines market in 2015. Adult vaccines, on the other hand, are expected to expand at a 13.2% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Based on product, the pneumococcal segment accounted for the majority share in in 2015, with the hepatitis segment exhibiting strong growth during the forecast period. On basis of vaccine type, the conjugate vaccines segment accounted for the majority share in the global human vaccines market in 2015. On the other hand, the combination vaccines segment is expected to expand at an outstanding CAGR from 2016 to 2024. By distribution channel, the hospital pharmacies segment led the global human vaccines market. However, the drugstores segment is projected to expand at a considerable pace through 2024. Geographically, North America dominates the global human vaccines market and is estimated to reach a value of US$28.0 bn by 2024. Asia Pacific is the most promising market for human vaccines and is expected to expand at a high CAGR of 12.5% during the forecast period. Browse Research Report with Complete TOC: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/human-vaccines-market.html Minimal Side Effects of Vaccines Bolstering Large-scale Adoption  An extremely low risk of serious and fatal side effects associated with vaccines is one of the primary factors driving the market for human vaccines around the world. Similar to other drugs, vaccines are associated with a few side effects; however, most of the times, these are rather mild. Soreness, swelling, redness at the site of injection, fever, rash, or itchiness are the most common side effects of vaccines. Several healthcare organizations, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the US FDA, the American Medical Association (AMA), and the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) recommend the use of vaccines owing to their safety. Complementing this factor is the growing awareness among patients and the general population regarding the benefits of vaccination. This can be attributed to a rise in awareness programs by government, private, and not-for-profit organizations. "The celebration of the National Immunization Awareness Month in the month of August in the U.S., for instance, is a great way of spreading awareness and getting more people to opt for vaccination," the author of the report states. High Costs Deterring Market Growth  Strict regulatory requirements is a major hurdle for most players in the global human vaccines market. In addition to this, high costs pose a significant challenge. "The discovery and development of new vaccines require immense capital. Moreover, the transportation, storage, and handling of vaccines can also be extremely heavy on the pocket," the TMR analyst reports. Apart from this, the containment of technical expertise in the hands of a few major players also acts as a deterrent on the growth of the human vaccines market. Speak to Research Expert for any Query: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=ASK&rep_id=16127 Global Human Vaccines Market, by Vaccine Type  Conjugate Recombinant Inactivated Combination Attenuated Others Global Human Vaccines Market, by Product  Pneumococcal Influenza Hepatitis HPV Meningococcal Rotavirus Measles and Mumps Typhoid Combination Others Global Human Vaccines Market, by Age Group  Pediatrics Adolescents Adults Geriatrics Global Human Vaccines Market, by Distribution Channel  Hospital Pharmacies Drugstores Others Global Human Vaccines Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Italy Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific (APAC) Japan China ASEAN Rest of APAC Latin America (LATAM) Brazil Mexico Rest of LATAM Middle East & Africa (MEA) GCC South Africa Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Reports:  U.S. Vaccine Market (Human Vaccines: Hepatitis, Influenza, Meningococcal, Pneumococcal, HPV, Combination Vaccines; Animal Vaccines: Canine, Feline, Porcine, Bovine, Ovine, Poultry and Equine) - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 - 2020 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-vaccine-market.html Veterinary Vaccines Market (Animal Type - Companion Animals (Equine, Canine, and Feline) and Livestock Animals (Bovine, Ovine, Porcine, and Poultry); Technology Type - Inactivated Vaccines, Live Attenuated Vaccines, Conjugate Vaccines, and Toxoid Vaccines) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-vaccines-market.html DNA Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2013 - 2019 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/dna-vaccines-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research More by this Source U.S. Uterine Fibroids Market Worth US $273.6 Million by the end of 2024: Rising Prevalence of Fibroid to Ensure Uptake, Says TMR 16:30 GMT Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS) Market all set to Touch US$21.55 Billion by 2024 - Global Analysis Competitive Outlook, Key Players, and Research Insights by TMR 14:30 GMT Waterproofing Chemicals Market is Estimated to Reach US$ 12,335.2 Million by 2024: Transparency Market Research 12:30 GMT View all news by Transparency Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Human Vaccines Market is Expected to Reach US $72.5 Billion by 2024: Rise in Awareness Programs Sponsored by For-profit and Non-Profit Organizations a Significant Growth Booster, Finds TMR 28.10.2016 | 16:31 (1 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Human Vaccines Market is Expected to Reach US $72.5 Billion by 2024: Rise in Awareness Programs Sponsored by For-profit and Non-Profit Organizations a Significant Growth Booster, Finds TMR ALBANY, New York, October 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The global human vaccines market is dominated by GlaxoSmithKline plc. Sanofi, Pfizer, Inc., and Merck & Co, Inc. These players collectively accounted for over 70% of the market in terms of revenue in 2015. Analysts at Transparency Market Research have identified some of the key strategies adopted by players in the Human Vaccines Market in order to gain a competitive edge over the rest. These include mergers and acquisitions, collaborations and acquisitions for market penetration, the establishment of local production sites, the expansion of product portfolios, and expansion activities in regions with high growth potential. A focus on research and development is also a successful growth strategy, TMR finds. For instance, Pfizer, Inc. has always focused on R&D in order to improve innovation and productivity. It is presently working on various pipeline products for different therapies and innovating new capabilities that can position it for long-term leadership across the globe. The global human vaccines market was valued at US$28.3 bn in 2015 and is estimated to reach US$72.5 bn by 2024, registering an 11.2% CAGR during the forecast period. Inquire for a Sample Copy of the Research Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=16127 Hospital Pharmacies and Drugstores Prominent Distribution Channels for Human Vaccines By age group, pediatric vaccines accounted for a 57.5% share in the global human vaccines market in 2015. Adult vaccines, on the other hand, are expected to expand at a 13.2% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Based on product, the pneumococcal segment accounted for the majority share in in 2015, with the hepatitis segment exhibiting strong growth during the forecast period. On basis of vaccine type, the conjugate vaccines segment accounted for the majority share in the global human vaccines market in 2015. On the other hand, the combination vaccines segment is expected to expand at an outstanding CAGR from 2016 to 2024. By distribution channel, the hospital pharmacies segment led the global human vaccines market. However, the drugstores segment is projected to expand at a considerable pace through 2024. Geographically, North America dominates the global human vaccines market and is estimated to reach a value of US$28.0 bn by 2024. Asia Pacific is the most promising market for human vaccines and is expected to expand at a high CAGR of 12.5% during the forecast period. Browse Research Report with Complete TOC:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/human-vaccines-market.html Minimal Side Effects of Vaccines Bolstering Large-scale Adoption An extremely low risk of serious and fatal side effects associated with vaccines is one of the primary factors driving the market for human vaccines around the world. Similar to other drugs, vaccines are associated with a few side effects; however, most of the times, these are rather mild. Soreness, swelling, redness at the site of injection, fever, rash, or itchiness are the most common side effects of vaccines. Several healthcare organizations, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the US FDA, the American Medical Association (AMA), and the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) recommend the use of vaccines owing to their safety. Complementing this factor is the growing awareness among patients and the general population regarding the benefits of vaccination. This can be attributed to a rise in awareness programs by government, private, and not-for-profit organizations. "The celebration of the National Immunization Awareness Month in the month of August in the U.S., for instance, is a great way of spreading awareness and getting more people to opt for vaccination," the author of the report states. High Costs Deterring Market Growth Strict regulatory requirements is a major hurdle for most players in the global human vaccines market. In addition to this, high costs pose a significant challenge. "The discovery and development of new vaccines require immense capital. Moreover, the transportation, storage, and handling of vaccines can also be extremely heavy on the pocket," the TMR analyst reports. Apart from this, the containment of technical expertise in the hands of a few major players also acts as a deterrent on the growth of the human vaccines market. Speak to Research Expert for any Query:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=ASK&rep_id=16127 Global Human Vaccines Market, by Vaccine Type Conjugate Recombinant Inactivated Combination Attenuated Others Global Human Vaccines Market, by Product Pneumococcal Influenza Hepatitis HPV Meningococcal Rotavirus Measles and Mumps Typhoid Combination Others Global Human Vaccines Market, by Age Group Pediatrics Adolescents Adults Geriatrics Global Human Vaccines Market, by Distribution Channel Hospital Pharmacies Drugstores Others Global Human Vaccines Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Italy Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific (APAC) Japan China ASEAN Rest of APAC Latin America (LATAM) Brazil Mexico Rest of LATAM Middle East & Africa (MEA) GCC South Africa Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Reports: U.S. Vaccine Market (Human Vaccines: Hepatitis, Influenza, Meningococcal, Pneumococcal, HPV, Combination Vaccines; Animal Vaccines: Canine, Feline, Porcine, Bovine, Ovine, Poultry and Equine) - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 - 2020 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-vaccine-market.html Veterinary Vaccines Market (Animal Type - Companion Animals (Equine, Canine, and Feline) and Livestock Animals (Bovine, Ovine, Porcine, and Poultry); Technology Type - Inactivated Vaccines, Live Attenuated Vaccines, Conjugate Vaccines, and Toxoid Vaccines) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-vaccines-market.html DNA Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2013 - 2019 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/dna-vaccines-market.html About Us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK & CO AKTIE»MERCK no stab BNP Paribas Primary New Issues: NO STAB Notice MERCK & CO INC 59,48  Euro +0,738 +1,26 % WKN: A0YD8Q  ISIN: US58933Y1055 Ticker-Symbol: 6MK  Frankfurt | 14.11.16 | 17:11 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 58,99 59,58 14.11. 59,06 59,32 14.11. 28.10.2016 | 10:46 (10 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News MERCK no stab BNP Paribas Primary New Issues: NO STAB Notice 28 October, 2016 Not for distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States or any jurisdiction in which such distribution would be unlawful. Merck & Co., Inc Post-stabilisation Period Announcement Further to the pre-stabilisation period announcement dated 26 Oct 2016 of pre- stabilisation announcement], BNP Paribas contact: Rupert Lewis telephone: 020 7595 8222 hereby gives notice that no stabilisation (within the meaning of Article 3.2(d) of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU/596/2014) or the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority) was undertaken by the Stabilisation Manager(s) named below in relation to the offer of the following securities. +---------------------------+------------------------------+ | Issuer: | Merck & Co., Inc | +---------------------------+------------------------------+ | Guarantor (if any): |   | +---------------------------+------------------------------+ | Aggregate nominal amount: | EUR 500m | | | | | | EUR 500m | +---------------------------+------------------------------+ | Description: | 0.5%  Notes due 2 Nov 2024 | | | | | | 1.375%  Notes due 2 Nov 2036 | +---------------------------+------------------------------+ | Stabilisation Manager(s): | BNPP/BAML/Citi | +---------------------------+------------------------------+ | Offer price: | 99.703 / 99.256 | +---------------------------+------------------------------+ This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to underwrite, subscribe for or otherwise acquire or dispose of any securities of the Issuer in any jurisdiction. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The securities referred to above have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. There has not been and will not be a public offer of the securities in the United States. This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: BNP Paribas Primary New Issues via GlobeNewswire R27 Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu MERCK & CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Inside the Health Care Select SPDR ETF: Merck (MRK, XLV) ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck's Triple Combination HCV Therapy Positive in Phase III ► Artikel lesen Mo BRIEF-OpGen collaborates with Merck to develop rapid diagnostics and informatics tools to help combat antimicrobial resistance ► Artikel lesen Mo OpGen (OPGN), Merck (MRK) Enter Rapid Diagnostics, IT Products Development Collaboration ► Artikel lesen Mo Merck (MRK) Announces Upcoming Presentation of Strong ZEPATIER Data in Certain HCV Genotypes ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK & CO INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK & CO INC 59,48 +1,26 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Fitch Rates Merck's Euro Notes Offering 'A' By Published: Oct 27, 2016 1:50 p.m. ET Share CHICAGO, Oct 27, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A' rating to Merck & Co., Inc.'s (MRK/Merck) euro notes offering. A complete list of ratings follows at the end of this press release. KEY RATING DRIVERS The company's 'A' rating reflects the following: --Recently introduced therapies, an advancing pipeline and manageable patent expiries should support intermediate- to long-term growth. --Fitch believes that Merck will pursue targeted acquisitions as opposed to large transformative ones. An improving pipeline and narrowing strategic focus reduces the need to do big deals. --Fitch expects Merck will continue favor share repurchases to deleveraging, with the possibility of further debt-funded stock buybacks. --Fitch forecasts that Merck will generate solid FCF during the forecast period supported by improving margins and moderate revenue growth. New Products/ Growth Opportunities: Products approved during the last three years should help to drive intermediate- to long-term, top-line growth for Merck. Most importantly, Keytruda (skin and lung cancer) is gaining traction in the market, supported by an ongoing stream of clinical data, but facing competition from a Bristol-Myers product and potentially similar drugs that may receive approval during the next few years. Merck is also evaluating Keytruda's safety and efficacy in other cancers and in combination with other oncolytics. Bridion (post-surgical recovery), Belsomra (insomnia), Grastek (allergies) and Rawitek (allergies) are unique-acting therapies, which should provide these two drugs competitive positions. Zontivitiy (cardiovascular) and Zepatier (hepatitis C) have entered increasingly crowded segments but should be able to gain some share from both newer and older treatments. Expanding Late-Stage Pipeline: Fitch expects Merck to continue to build its late-stage pipeline with new molecular entities (NMEs) to treat cancers, bacterial and viral infections, diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, central nervous afflictions, osteoporosis, and other diseases. While the majority of these projects are internally developed, Merck has partnered with other innovator firms to take advantage of technological advancements that were discovered externally. The landscape for drug development is expanding, particularly as developers learn more about how genetics influence the development, prevention and treatment of disease. As such, Fitch believes that it is responsible and strategically advantageous for firms to look externally as well as internally regarding new drug development. Patent Exposure Manageable: The company has and will continue to face some significant patent expiries during the next year, but Fitch views the risk as manageable with roughly 18% of total firm sales are at risk. In addition, Remicade, which accounts for about 4.2% of total firm sales, is a biologic that has experienced less rapid sales losses to generic competition compared to traditional small-molecule pharmaceuticals. Vytorin and Zetia, however, are small molecules and account for roughly 10% of total revenues. Fitch expects these two products will lose significant sales shortly after their patents expire, as is typically the case for small-molecule drugs. Solid Free Cash Flow Expected: Fitch forecasts that Merck will generate $5.7 billion - $5.9 billion in free cash flow (FCF) during 2016. Improving margins driven by an improving sales mix and strong cost control should more than offset expected soft near-term, top-line growth. Fitch expects FCF to incrementally increase during the multi-year forecast period. Targeted Acquisition Most Likely: Fitch looks for Merck to pursue mainly targeted acquisitions in the intermediate term. The company has improved its operational and financial prospects through successfully gaining regulatory approvals on late-stage pipeline projects and has continued to back fill its pipeline with new and advancing projects. An improved growth and profitability profile decreases the need for the company to execute large strategic business combinations. Share Repurchases to Continue: Fitch assumes continued shareholder friendly actions during the near term, some of which the company may fund with debt. Merck has occasionally funded its share repurchases with debt. During 2015, the company purchased a net $3.7 billion of its common stock, compared to $6.1 billion during the prior LTM period. The repurchases were executed under a $15 billion program authorized in May 2013 as well as an additional $10 billion authorized in March 2015. As of June 30, 2016, the 2013 allotment was fully utilized, with $6.9 billion remaining on the $10 billion extension. KEY ASSUMPTIONS Fitch's key assumptions within the rating case for Merck's 'A' rating include the following: --Incrementally increasing revenue during the forecast period, driven by newer products, largely offset in the near term by foreign exchange headwinds and select product patent expirations. --EBITDA operating margin improvement driven by a focus on costs and an improving sales mix. --Annual FCF (cash flow from operations minus capital expenditures minus dividends) of roughly $5.9 billion during 2016. --Targeted acquisitions prioritized over strategic, transformative transactions. --Continued significant share repurchases. --Leverage to range between 1.7x - 1.9x during the next two years. RATING SENSITIVITIES Positive: Future developments that may, individually or collectively, lead to positive rating action include the following: --Improving operations including new product development that support long-term positive revenue growth and margin stability/increases; --An operational profile that would consistently generate significantly positive FCF; --Cash deployment strategy that maintains gross debt leverage below 1.7x, including managing through operational stress such as patent expiries. Negative: Future developments that may, individually or collectively, lead to negative rating action include the following: --Material and lasting deterioration in operations and FCF, possibly driven by patent expiries not being offset by new product development; --Leveraging acquisitions without the prospect of timely debt/leverage reduction; --Persistent leverage above 2.2x. LIQUIDITY Adequate Liquidity: Fitch looks for Merck to maintain adequate liquidity through strong FCF generation and ample access to the credit markets. FCF for the LTM ending June 30, 2016 was $4.7 billion. At the end of the period, Merck had approximately $11.8 billion in cash/short-term investments (u.s.:10% - 20% of total balances/OUS) and full availability on its $6 billion revolver, maturing in August 2019. Manageable Debt Maturities: As of June 30, 2016, the company had $24.1 billion in debt outstanding, with $234 million maturing in 2016, $317 million in 2017, $3 billion in 2018 and $1.3 billion in 2019. Fitch expects near- to mid-term maturities will be satisfied primarily through refinancing in the public debt markets. FULL LIST OF RATINGS Fitch has affirmed the following ratings: Merck & Co., Inc. --Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at 'A'; --Senior unsecured credit facility at 'A'; --Senior unsecured debt at 'A'; --Short-term IDR at 'F1'; --Commercial paper at 'F1'. The Rating Outlook is Stable. Summary of Financial Statement Adjustments - Financial statement adjustments that depart materially from those contained in the published financial statements of the relevant rated entity or obligor are disclosed below: --Historical and projected EBITDA is adjusted to add back non-cash stock based compensation. During the LTM period ended March 31, 2016, Fitch added back $304 million in non-cash stock based compensation to its EBITDA calculation and $214 million in restructuring costs to gross profit. Date of Relevant Committee: July 7, 2016 Additional information is available on www.fitchratings.com. Applicable Criteria Corporate Rating Methodology - Including Short-Term Ratings and Parent and Subsidiary Linkage - Effective from 17 August 2015 to 27 September 2016 (pub. 17 Aug 2015) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/869362 Additional Disclosures Solicitation Status https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1013861 Endorsement Policy https://www.fitchratings.com/regulatory ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE. Copyright© 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed. The information in this report is provided "as is" without any representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to print subscribers. For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161027006514/en/ SOURCE: Fitch Ratings Fitch Ratings Primary Analyst Bob Kirby, CFA Director +1-312-368-3147 Fitch Ratings, Inc. 70 W. Madison Street Chicago, IL 60602 or Secondary Analyst Gregory Dickerson Director +1-212-908-0220 or Committee Chairperson Megan Neuburger Managing Director +1-212-908-0501 or Media Relations Alyssa Castelli, +1 212-908-0540 alyssa.castelli@fitchratings.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Kallyope Inc. Appoints Ann E. Weber And William J. Rieflin To Key Roles - Ann E. Weber, Ph.D. named Senior Vice President, Drug Discovery - William J. Rieflin appointed to Board of Directors News provided by Kallyope Inc. Oct 27, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Kallyope Inc. ("Kallyope"), a biotechnology company focused on harnessing the potential of the gut-brain axis, today announced that it has appointed Ann E. Weber, Ph.D. to the position of Senior Vice President, Drug Discovery, and William J. Rieflin as an independent member of its Board of Directors. "The expansion of Kallyope's leadership team reflects the rapid advancement of our platform and confidence in our ability to generate valuable assets," said Nancy Thornberry, CEO of Kallyope. "The addition of such high-caliber individuals as Ann and Bill demonstrates our commitment to getting the right team together to realize the full potential of the gut-brain axis." Ann E. Weber, Ph.D. Dr. Weber will be responsible for taking opportunities arising from the company's state-of-the-art technology platform and translating them into drug discovery and development programs.  During her 28-year tenure at Merck & Co., where she was most recently Vice President, Lead Optimization Chemistry, her work led to over 40 development candidates, including the approved diabetes therapies JANUVIA® (sitagliptin), JANUMET® (sitagliptin and metformin), and MARIZEV® (omarigliptin).   "I am excited to lead the translation of Kallyope's integrated platform for the interrogation of gut-brain circuits into new therapeutic opportunities," Dr. Weber said. "I also look forward to working closely again with Nancy."  Dr. Weber and Nancy Thornberry previously led the program at Merck that resulted in the discovery of JANUVIA® (sitagliptin), for Type 2 Diabetes. Dr. Weber is the recipient of numerous awards, including the Robert M. Scarborough Award for Excellence in Medicinal Chemistry and the Heroes of Chemistry Award, both given by American Chemistry Society (ACS). She has also received PhRMA's Discoverer's Award, recognizing scientists whose work has been of special benefit to humankind, and Merck's Director's Award, the highest honor that the company confers on its employees. She is a 2013 Liberty Science Center Women in STEM Honoree, and in 2016 was named to the ACS's Medicinal Chemistry Hall of Fame. Dr. Weber obtained a B.S. in chemistry summa cum laude from the University of Notre Dame and a Ph.D. in synthetic organic chemistry from Harvard University.  Since leaving Merck in November 2015, Dr. Weber has been an independent consultant to biotech and pharmaceutical companies, including Kallyope. William J. Rieflin Mr. Rieflin is Chief Executive Officer of NGM Bio and has over 20 years of experience in the biotechnology industry. Prior to NGM, he was President of XenoPort, Inc. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Administration, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Secretary for Tularik Inc., which was acquired by Amgen Inc. in 2004. Previously, he was Vice President, Human Resources, General Counsel and Secretary for AMSCO International, Inc. and an associate at Sidley & Austin LLP in the corporate and securities department. "Kallyope is pioneering ways to improve human health and nutrition via the gut-brain axis with a sophisticated and unique technology platform," Mr. Rieflin said. "I look forward to working with the team and Board to realize the full potential of this platform." In addition to Kallyope and NGM, Mr. Rieflin serves on the Board of Directors of FLX Bio, Inc.. Mr. Rieflin earned a B.S. from Cornell University, his M.B.A. from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, and his J.D. from Stanford Law School. About Kallyope Inc. Kallyope is a platform biotechnology company dedicated to unlocking the therapeutic potential of the gut-brain axis. The company integrates cutting-edge technologies in sequencing, bioinformatics, neural imaging, cellular and molecular biology, and human genetics to provide an understanding of gut-brain biology that can be translated into transformational therapeutics and products that improve human health and nutrition. The company's founders are Charles Zuker, Ph.D., Lasker Award winner Tom Maniatis, Ph.D., and Nobel laureate Richard Axel, M.D. Headquartered at the Alexandria Center® for Life Science in New York City, the company's founding investors include Lux Capital, Polaris Partners, and The Column Group. For more information visit www.kallyope.com. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151209/294743LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kallyope-inc-appoints-ann-e-weber-and-william-j-rieflin-to-key-roles-300352078.html SOURCE Kallyope Inc. Related Links http://www.kallyope.com Dec 10, 2015, 08:00 ET Preview: Kallyope Inc. Launches With $44M Series A Financing To Harness The Potential Of The Gut-Brain Axis My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Kallyope Inc. Appoints Ann E. Weber And William J. Rieflin To Key Roles News provided by Kallyope Inc. Oct 27, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS AKTIE»Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc: Adaptimmune Announces Collaboration with MSD to Evaluate KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in Combination with NY-ESO SPEAR® T-Cell Therapy in Multiple Myeloma ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC ADR 4,687  Euro +0,273 +6,18 % WKN: A14SUX  ISIN: US00653A1079 Ticker-Symbol: 473A  Stuttgart | 14.11.16 | 21:52 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheBiotechnologie AktienmarktSonstige 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart 27.10.2016 | 16:28 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) GlobeNewswire·Mehr Nachrichten von GlobeNewswire Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc: Adaptimmune Announces Collaboration with MSD to Evaluate KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in Combination with NY-ESO SPEAR® T-Cell Therapy in Multiple Myeloma PHILADELPHIA and OXFORD, United Kingdom, 2016-10-27 16:20 CEST (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (Nasdaq:ADAP), a leader in T-cell therapy to treat cancer, today announced that it has entered into a clinical trial collaboration agreement with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA (known as MSD outside the US and Canada), for the assessment of Adaptimmune's NY-ESO SPEAR® (Specific Peptide Enhanced Affinity Receptor) T-cell therapy in combination with MSD's anti-programmed death-1 (PD-1) inhibitor, KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), in patients with multiple myeloma. The study will evaluate the safety, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and preliminary efficacy of the combination, and is planned for initiation in 1H 2017. Adaptimmune's SPEAR T-cell candidates are novel cancer immunotherapies that have been engineered to target and destroy cancer cells. Its NY-ESO SPEAR T-cell therapy has previously been evaluated in multiple myeloma in a single agent Phase I/II trial in which 20 out of 22 patients (91 percent) experienced a response at day 100 post autologous stem cell transplant. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body's immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Blocking this interaction is reported to enable T-cell activation and potentiates antitumor activity. "In initial single-agent studies of our NY-ESO SPEAR T-cell therapy in patients with advanced myeloma in the context of stem cell transplantation, we have seen encouraging evidence of antitumor effect, safe administration and prolonged persistence of transduced cells," said Rafael Amado, Adaptimmune's chief medical officer. "KEYTRUDA has shown preliminary evidence of activity in multiple myeloma, and there is preclinical evidence to support the view that the combination of NY-ESO SPEAR T-cell therapy and anti-PD1 therapy may lead to meaningful anti-tumor activity. We look forward to evaluating our therapy alone and in combination with KEYTRUDA in a randomized trial of patients with multiple myeloma who are refractory or have relapsed with standard therapy. " The agreement is between Adaptimmune and Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, through a subsidiary. Under the agreement, the trial will be sponsored by Adaptimmune. The agreement also includes provision for potential expansion to include Phase III registration studies in the same indication. Additional details were not disclosed. About Multiple Myeloma Multiple myeloma is a cancer formed by malignant plasma cells. Normal plasma cells are found in the bone marrow and are an important part of the immune system, which is made up of several types of cells that work together to fight infections and other diseases. Multiple myeloma is characterized by several features, including low blood counts, bone and calcium problems, infections, kidney problems, monoclonal gammopathy, and others; and by the proliferation of these plasma cells within bone marrow. The American Cancer Society estimates that approximately 30,300 new cases will be diagnosed in the United States in 2016. Average five-year survival rates are estimated to be approximately 45 percent with survival rates depending on factors such as age, stage of diagnosis and suitability for auto-SCT, which is used as part of the treatment for eligible patients with multiple myeloma. Despite recent therapeutic advances, multiple myeloma remains an incurable but treatable cancer. Patients are typically treated with repeat rounds of combination therapy with the time intervals to relapse becoming shorter with each successive line of therapy. The majority of patients eventually have a relapse which cannot be further treated. About Adaptimmune's TCR Technology Adaptimmune's proprietary SPEAR (Specific Peptide Enhanced Affinity Receptor) T-cell receptor (TCR) technology enables the company to genetically optimize TCRs, equipping them to recognize cancer antigens that are presented in small quantities on the surface of a cancer cell, whether of intracellular or extracellular origin, thus initiating cell death. The company's differentiated, proprietary technology allows it to reliably generate parental TCRs to naturally presented targets, affinity optimize its TCRs to bind cancer proteins from solid and hematologic cancers that are generally unavailable to naturally occurring TCRs, and to significantly reduce the risk of side effects resulting from off-target binding of healthy tissues. About Adaptimmune Adaptimmune is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on novel cancer immunotherapy products based on its SPEAR® (Specific Peptide Enhanced Affinity Receptor) T-cell platform. Established in 2008, the company aims to utilize the body's own machinery - the T-cell - to target and destroy cancer cells by using engineered, increased affinity TCRs as a means of strengthening natural patient T-cell responses. Adaptimmune's lead program is a SPEAR T-cell therapy targeting the NY-ESO cancer antigen. Its NY-ESO SPEAR T-cell therapy has demonstrated signs of efficacy and tolerability in Phase 1/2 trials in solid tumors and in hematologic cancer types, including synovial sarcoma and multiple myeloma. Adaptimmune has a strategic collaboration and licensing agreement with GlaxoSmithKline for the development and commercialization of the NY-ESO TCR program. In addition, Adaptimmune has a number of proprietary programs. These include SPEAR T-cell therapies targeting the MAGE-A10 and AFP cancer antigens, which both have open INDs, and a further SPEAR T-cell therapy targeting the MAGE-A4 cancer antigen that is in pre-clinical phase with IND acceptance targeted for 2017. The company has identified over 30 intracellular target peptides preferentially expressed in cancer cells and is currently progressing 12 through unpartnered research programs. Adaptimmune has over 250 employees and is located in Oxfordshire, U.K. and Philadelphia, USA. For more information: http://www.adaptimmune.com Forward-Looking Statements This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA). These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, and include, without limitation: the success, cost and timing of our product development activities and clinical trials and our ability to successfully advance our TCR therapeutic candidates through the regulatory and commercialization processes. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to our business in general, we refer you to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August 8, 2016, and our other SEC filings. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date the statements were made and we do not undertake any obligation to update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA. Adaptimmune Contacts Will Roberts Vice President, Investor Relations T: (215) 825-9306 E: will.roberts@adaptimmune.com Juli P. Miller, Ph.D. Associate Director, Investor Relations T: (215) 825-9310 E: juli.miller@adaptimmune.com Margaret Henry Head of PR T: +44 (0)1235 430036 Mob: +44 (0)7710 304249 E: margaret.henry@adaptimmune.com © 2016 GlobeNewswire Nachrichten zu ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC ADR Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company ► Artikel lesen Fr BRIEF-Adaptimmune announces update on clinical data from NY-ESO Spear T-cell synovial sarcoma study ► Artikel lesen Fr Adaptimmune Therapeutics (ADAP) Updates on NY-ESO SPEAR T-Cell Study; Median Survival Seen Up ~39% ► Artikel lesen Fr BRIEF-Adaptimmune presents preclinical data from SPEAR T-cell ► Artikel lesen Fr Adaptimmune Therapeutics (ADAP) to Present at SITC Annual Meeting; Includes MAGE-A4 SPEAR T-Cell Data ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC ADR Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC ADR 4,687 +6,18 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Merck & Co.'s Patent Cliff In 2017 The expiration of patents on some of the company's top-selling drugs poses big headwinds for investors. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Oct 27, 2016 at 9:01AM Image source: Getty Images. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) is a global pharmaceuticals giant with tens of billions in annualized sales, however, the company's top line is about to take a hit in the coming year because of patent expiration on Remicade, Cubicin, and Zetia -- three of its best selling medicines. Mounting patent headwinds Through the first nine months of 2016, sales of Merck's top selling autoimmune disease drug, Remicade, have plummeted from $1.4 billion last year to less than $1 billion. The drop is due primarily to the launch of Remicade biosimilars in Europe, where Merck is licensed to sell the drug. Biosimilars are effective inexact copies of brand name medicines, and since they're usually priced at a 30% to 40% discount to the brand-name drug, doctors and patients tend to favor them. Pfizer's Hospira launched the first Remicade biosimilar, Inflectra, in Europe last year, and Biogen and Samsung BioLogics launched another Remicade biosimilar, Flexabi, earlier this year. Because there are multiple Remicade biosimilars on the market now, Merck's Remicade revenue is likely to continue falling in 2017.  Merck is also about to feel the pinch of patent expiration on Cubicin, a treatment for flesh-eating bacteria. After failing to block generic competitors from launching until 2020, U.S. patents on Cubicin expired this summer. Since that expiration puts roughly $1 billion of Merck's revenue in play, Merck's management is warning investors to expect "a significant decline in U.S. Cubicin sales going forward." Patents protecting Merck's cholesterol-lowering therapy, Zetia, are also on the chopping block. Zetia patents expire in December and Merck anticipates a "significant decline in U.S. Zetia sales thereafter." Zetia's U.S. sales were $411 million last quarter. Across all three drugs, competition due to patent losses will put nearly $4 billion of Merck's $42 billion in annualized third quarter sales at risk in 2017. Image source: Getty Images. Managing the risk To offset patent headwinds, Merck is going to need its fast-growing drugs, including Gardasil 9, Keytruda, and Zepatier, to over-deliver. Gardisal 9 is a vaccine that protects against human papillomavirus (HPV), and in Q3 combined Gardasil and Gardisal 9 sales totaled $860 million, up 38% year over year. Recently, a two-dose vaccination regimen for Gardasil 9 in certain girls and boys between ages 9 and 14 won FDA approval, and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices voted to recommend that two-dose approach. Previously, Gardasil 9 was given via three-doses. Because the FDA estimates Gardasil 9 "has the potential to prevent approximately 90 percent of cervical, vulvar, vaginal and anal cancers," and the dosing burden on patients is falling, Gardisal 9 is likely to remain a top-seller in 2017. Keytruda, a PD-L1 inhibitor that stops cancer from over-expressing PD-L1 to avoid detection by the immune system, also offers support to sales in the coming year. Initially, Keytruda was approved for use in melanoma patients in 2014, but Keytruda's label has expanded since then to include head and neck cancer patients and lung cancer patients, too. Because of those label expansions, Keytruda's sales climbed from $159 million in the third quarter of 2015 to $356 million in the third quarter of 2016. Keytruda's sales could head even higher next year because it recently secured approval as an alternative to chemotherapy in newly diagnosed metastatic non-small cell lung cancer patients with high PD-L1 levels. This approval has led to industry watchers increasing their outlook for Keytruda's sales in 2017. For example, Bernstein's analysts bumped up their Keytruda sales outlook for next year by roughly $1 billion following the FDA approval.  Zepatier, a hepatitis C drug, also offers the company top-line tailwinds heading into next year. Zepatier won FDA approval in January and aggressive pricing by management undercut competitors and resulted in first, second, and third quarter sales of $50 million, $112 million, and $164 million, respectively. Eyes on 2017 Historically, patent expiration causes the vast majority of brand-name drug sales to shift to competitors, however, it's anyone's guess exactly how quickly that will happen at Merck. Merck's fast-growing drugs provide it with some insulation, and if the company secures FDA approval of MK-1293, a biosimilar to the $6 billion plus per year insulin Lantus, then it may be in even better shape to handle the hit to sales caused by expiring patents. Nevertheless, since expiring patents could weigh down sales and profit next year and cause shares to trade lower, the company's patent risk can't be ignored by investors.   Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Todd owns E.B. Capital Markets, LLC. E.B. Capital's clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. Like this article? Follow him on Twitter where he goes by the handle @ebcapital to see more articles like this. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 9:01AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Read More Legal Dispute Puts Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Payday on Hold After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck's Mixed Q1 Results Are Marred By 1 Disappointing Drug Debut Get Paid While You Wait: 3 Top Big Pharma Dividend Stocks A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Merck & Co.'s Patent Cliff In 2017 The expiration of patents on some of the company's top-selling drugs poses big headwinds for investors. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Oct 27, 2016 at 9:01AM Image source: Getty Images. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) is a global pharmaceuticals giant with tens of billions in annualized sales, however, the company's top line is about to take a hit in the coming year because of patent expiration on Remicade, Cubicin, and Zetia -- three of its best selling medicines. Mounting patent headwinds Through the first nine months of 2016, sales of Merck's top selling autoimmune disease drug, Remicade, have plummeted from $1.4 billion last year to less than $1 billion. The drop is due primarily to the launch of Remicade biosimilars in Europe, where Merck is licensed to sell the drug. Biosimilars are effective inexact copies of brand name medicines, and since they're usually priced at a 30% to 40% discount to the brand-name drug, doctors and patients tend to favor them. Pfizer's Hospira launched the first Remicade biosimilar, Inflectra, in Europe last year, and Biogen and Samsung BioLogics launched another Remicade biosimilar, Flexabi, earlier this year. Because there are multiple Remicade biosimilars on the market now, Merck's Remicade revenue is likely to continue falling in 2017.  Merck is also about to feel the pinch of patent expiration on Cubicin, a treatment for flesh-eating bacteria. After failing to block generic competitors from launching until 2020, U.S. patents on Cubicin expired this summer. Since that expiration puts roughly $1 billion of Merck's revenue in play, Merck's management is warning investors to expect "a significant decline in U.S. Cubicin sales going forward." Patents protecting Merck's cholesterol-lowering therapy, Zetia, are also on the chopping block. Zetia patents expire in December and Merck anticipates a "significant decline in U.S. Zetia sales thereafter." Zetia's U.S. sales were $411 million last quarter. Across all three drugs, competition due to patent losses will put nearly $4 billion of Merck's $42 billion in annualized third quarter sales at risk in 2017. Image source: Getty Images. Managing the risk To offset patent headwinds, Merck is going to need its fast-growing drugs, including Gardasil 9, Keytruda, and Zepatier, to over-deliver. Gardisal 9 is a vaccine that protects against human papillomavirus (HPV), and in Q3 combined Gardasil and Gardisal 9 sales totaled $860 million, up 38% year over year. Recently, a two-dose vaccination regimen for Gardasil 9 in certain girls and boys between ages 9 and 14 won FDA approval, and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices voted to recommend that two-dose approach. Previously, Gardasil 9 was given via three-doses. Because the FDA estimates Gardasil 9 "has the potential to prevent approximately 90 percent of cervical, vulvar, vaginal and anal cancers," and the dosing burden on patients is falling, Gardisal 9 is likely to remain a top-seller in 2017. Keytruda, a PD-L1 inhibitor that stops cancer from over-expressing PD-L1 to avoid detection by the immune system, also offers support to sales in the coming year. Initially, Keytruda was approved for use in melanoma patients in 2014, but Keytruda's label has expanded since then to include head and neck cancer patients and lung cancer patients, too. Because of those label expansions, Keytruda's sales climbed from $159 million in the third quarter of 2015 to $356 million in the third quarter of 2016. Keytruda's sales could head even higher next year because it recently secured approval as an alternative to chemotherapy in newly diagnosed metastatic non-small cell lung cancer patients with high PD-L1 levels. This approval has led to industry watchers increasing their outlook for Keytruda's sales in 2017. For example, Bernstein's analysts bumped up their Keytruda sales outlook for next year by roughly $1 billion following the FDA approval.  Zepatier, a hepatitis C drug, also offers the company top-line tailwinds heading into next year. Zepatier won FDA approval in January and aggressive pricing by management undercut competitors and resulted in first, second, and third quarter sales of $50 million, $112 million, and $164 million, respectively. Eyes on 2017 Historically, patent expiration causes the vast majority of brand-name drug sales to shift to competitors, however, it's anyone's guess exactly how quickly that will happen at Merck. Merck's fast-growing drugs provide it with some insulation, and if the company secures FDA approval of MK-1293, a biosimilar to the $6 billion plus per year insulin Lantus, then it may be in even better shape to handle the hit to sales caused by expiring patents. Nevertheless, since expiring patents could weigh down sales and profit next year and cause shares to trade lower, the company's patent risk can't be ignored by investors.   Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Todd owns E.B. Capital Markets, LLC. E.B. Capital's clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. Like this article? Follow him on Twitter where he goes by the handle @ebcapital to see more articles like this. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 9:01AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.53 down $0.42 (-0.66%) Read More Legal Dispute Puts Ionis Pharmaceuticals' Payday on Hold After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Merck's Mixed Q1 Results Are Marred By 1 Disappointing Drug Debut Get Paid While You Wait: 3 Top Big Pharma Dividend Stocks A Big Breakthrough for Ovarian Cancer Patients Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Policies & Politics Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Delays in approving HPV vaccines in mainland China force women to seek shots in Hong Kong  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›China›Policies & Politics PUBLIC HEALTH Delays in approving HPV vaccines in mainland China force women to seek shots in Hong Kong PUBLISHED : Thursday, 27 October, 2016, 9:34am UPDATED : Thursday, 27 October, 2016, 10:01pm Comments:   Zhuang Pinghui Share PrintEmail Delays in approvals on the Chinese mainland for HPV vaccines are prompting thousands women and girls to head across the border to Hong Kong for shots. Ming Gefan, who manages the Shenzhen branch of MJ HK Health Screening Centre in Guangdong province and helps mainland customers book appointments to take the shots in Hong Kong, said she ­noticed an uptick in demand for protection against human papillomavirus after the mainland gave regulatory approval earlier this year for Cervarix, a vaccine that guards against the virus. But while Cervarix was the only HPV vaccine approved for sale on the mainland, it would be taken off shelves in the United States by its manufacturer, GlaxoSmithKline, due to weak demand, news outlet Fierce Pharma reported last week. Thousands set to benefit from Hong Kong’s free HPV vaccination programme Cervarix, which protects against two HPV strains that account for 70 per cent of cervical cancer cases, was approved by the China Food and Drug Administration in July and not expected to go on sale there until next year. An unidentified spokesman for GlaxoSmithKline was quoted as saying the company decided to stop supplying Cervarix in the US due to weak demand. HPV is sexually transmissible and infection is the leading cause of cervical cancer, the fourth most common cancer in women worldwide according to the World Health Organisation. There are many strains of HPV, with some strains producing warts on various parts of the body. Many mainlanders learned of the vaccine on the internet Ming Gefan, manager, MJ HK Health Screening Centre, Shenzhen Gardasil and Gardasil 9, produced by Merck and which protect against four strains and nine strains of HPV respectively that account for 90 per cent of cervical cancer cases – is also available in the US but not on the mainland. Shanghai-based Thepaper.cn quoted Merck as saying the company was still seeking regulatory approval from the Chinese authorities. Questions sent to GSK and the drug administration were not immediately answered. About 50 countries have added HPV vaccines to their national immunisation programme, but the mainland has been relatively late in doing so. Ming said many mainlanders learned of the vaccine on the internet. “Those with a progressive mindset are going to take the vaccine shot, especially after China approved ­Cervarix,” she said. WHO launches new guide for cervical cancer prevention and control “They go to Hong Kong to choose the vaccine that offers wider protection, against four strains of HPV or even nine strains.” Ming said the Hong Kong clinic regularly gave 5,000 HPV shots a month and up to 300 injections on busy days. The youngest client was nine years old and the oldest a woman in her 70s. Not all came from Guangdong province, with some making the journey from as far away as Inner Mongolia, she said. A previous GSK statement said cervical cancer was the second most common cancer among Chinese women aged 15 to 44, with an estimated 130,000 new cases seen every year. Research shows that early treatment can prevent up to 80 per cent of cases. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: HPV shot delays prompt women to head to Hong Kong   Most Popular Viewed 1 WikiLeaks' Assange vows to release ‘significant’ documents before US election 2 Decision on Hong Kong localist duo should be made by Legco, not court, lawyers argue in high-stakes hearing over oath saga 3 Beijing ‘strongly dissatisfied’ after South Korean coastguard fires machine guns at Chinese trawlers 4 China’s most powerful rocket lifts off from island launch centre 5 In extraordinary move, Obama condemns FBI for Clinton email disclosure: ‘We don’t operate on innuendo’ Shared 1 Beijing ‘strongly dissatisfied’ after South Korean coastguard fires machine guns at Chinese trawlers 2 Decision on Hong Kong localist duo should be made by Legco, not court, lawyers argue in high-stakes hearing over oath saga 3 Hong Kong government slammed for taking too long to test hairy crab samples for dioxins 4 Hong Kong quality of life nears lows of 2003 with sentiments on housing affordability, freedom of speech down 5 China’s most powerful rocket lifts off from island launch centre Commented 1 Hong Kong oath-taking saga shows ugly side of city’s colonial legacy 2 Pan-democrats’ shameless exploitation of oath saga has brought the NPC down on us 3 Sorry to disappoint, doomsayers, but Hong Kong is far from finished 4 Hong Kong will pay a heavy price for yet another Basic Law interpretation 5 The next black swan could be fast approaching from a region that few are talking about Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2016 2H       You may also like China How new Xinjiang party boss became front runner in race to be one of China’s most powerful men 30 Oct 2016 - 11:24pm 2 Out on the town: experiencing Macau is far from a gamble In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Why bankers and cocaine are best of friends 30 Oct 2016 - 8:46pm 9 Linden Educational Services’ Summer and Boarding School Expo helps parents choose an international boarding school Brought to you by: Ace Academy Limited Hong Kong Illegal fees, little rest and no documents: domestic helpers in Hong Kong continue to fight for their rights 30 Oct 2016 - 8:07am 21 Hong Kong Should history lessons in schools include details about Hong Kong’s 1967 riots? 30 Oct 2016 - 10:29pm 9 China A billion billion calculations per second: where no computer has gone before 29 Oct 2016 - 8:00am 4 Hong Kong Meet Viveca Chow, Broadway musical star from Hong Kong Oct 28th 2016, 11:57pm World Plane bursts into flame at Chicago airport Oct 29th 2016, 3:45pm China China has world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth – again 27 Oct 2016 - 10:04pm 2 Post Magazine The Asian men who buy sex with Cambodian virgins 28 Oct 2016 - 10:54am 3 Post Magazine With the paedophile-hunters on the streets of Phnom Penh 28 Oct 2016 - 10:55am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
≡ The Intercept_ English Português 🔍 Glenn Greenwald Unofficial Sources Robert Mackey Features Documents About & Contacts ft© First Look Media. All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy Sitemap The Intercept_ Unofficial _Sources f t ✉ ⎕ 56 Photo: Miguel Medina/AFP/Getty Images Big Pharma Paid LGBT Groups and Others That Opposed California Drug-Price Ballot Measure Lee Fang Lee Fang 2016-10-28T16:39:34+00:00 Photo: Miguel Medina/AFP/Getty Images San Francisco’s two competing LGBT Democratic groups — the leftist Harvey Milk Democratic Club and the centrist Alice B. Toklas Democratic Club — rarely agree on contentious economic issues. But both groups announced in September that they would be opposing Proposition 61, the high-profile initiative to lower drug prices. A letter from the two groups claimed that Proposition 61 “will not lower prescription drug costs” and that the decision to jointly campaign against the initiative was reached after “careful consideration.” Unknown to many activists in the city, this act of political camaraderie appears to have been rewarded by the pharmaceutical industry, which cut each club a $5,000 check from a fund set up to defeat the drug price initiative. Neither LGBT group, both of which have sent voter guides to city residents, revealed the donation on their website, and neither responded to a request for comment. [Update 1:25PM ET: Peter Gallotta, the president of the Harvey Milk LGBT Democratic Club, wrote to The Intercept after publication to say that the No on 61 money was “earmarked specifically for our slate mailer and their contribution represents less than 6% of total contributions to our program,” adding that “it is typical for the Club to receive money from its endorsed candidates and measures.”] The money was disclosed in filings made on Thursday that showed 19 different civic organizations, from the Foreign Legion to a bilingual voter guide organization, taking drug industry funds and endorsing No on Prop 61. Proposition 61 is designed to allow California state agencies that pay for prescription drugs, such as the state Medicaid program and the state prison system, to pay the same or lower prices as listed by the federal Department of Veterans Affairs, which uses its collective bargaining power negotiate for better rates. While experts are divided over the actual cost savings that could be achieved through Prop 61, given the opaque pricing structure for state and federal agencies, many argue that the state could win significant discounts, given that the VA pays up to 42 percent less than Medicare, according a recent analysis. The drug industry, led by its lobbying giant the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), is furiously attempting to defeat Prop 61, fearing that if the measure succeeds in California, the largest Medicaid market, similar ideas could spread to other states and embolden politicians already facing pressure to act on the national level. To snuff out the drug price revolt, PhRMA has raised an astounding $109 million from its member companies, including Pfizer, Merck, Purdue Pharma, Johnson & Johnson, and other drug firms. That’s more than has been raised by both the Republican and Democratic candidates for U.S. Senate races in New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, and Nevada combined — and those are among the most costly races in the country. In contrast, the proponents of the initiative — primarily the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, which operates a number of nonprofit healthcare clinics — have raised just over $14 million. The No on Prop 61 war chest has been used to buy a seemingly endless stream of digital and broadcast advertisements across the state. A portion of the drug industry fund has been used to influence critical endorsements. Several Republican groups opposing Prop 61, including the Save Proposition 13 Segregated Fund, the Small Business Action Committee, and the National Tax Limitation Committee received drug industry money. Over half a million dollars flowed to groups sending out a variety of voter guides urging a vote against Prop 61. The COPS Voter Guide, a voter guide that says it endorses candidates that “have pledged to make public safety a top priority,” and opposes Prop 61, received $210,000 from the PhRMA fund. Other organizations, including the Latino Voter Guide, the California Senior Advocates League Voter Guide, the Coalition for Literacy, the California Voter Guide, and a group called Voter Guide Slate Cards, similarly received drug industry money. The practice of selling voter guide endorsements, though shunned by many consultants, is a common trick for interest groups seeking to buy the appearance of widespread support. The new disclosures also reveal more information about drug industry money to veterans groups, a controversial element of the campaign. No on Prop 61 hired Anthony Principi, the former secretary of veterans affairs during President George W. Bush’s administration, and Sacramento lobbyist Pete Conaty, to round up support from veterans on behalf of the campaign. An archive of Conaty’s now-deleted website advertises “Veterans Lobbying Services” and the ability to organize local groups on behalf of clients. Three of the veterans groups that endorsed No on Prop 61 and appeared in a television advertisement against the measure — the American Legion of California, Veterans of Foreign Wars of California, and the Vietnam Veterans of America CA State Council — all received direct payments from the PhRMA fund, the filings reveal. Other veterans groups that have campaigned against the initiative, including the American GI Forum, also received drug industry money. The No on 61 veterans ad claims that the measure will make healthcare more expensive for veterans, an allegation denied by proponents, who say that the VA will not allow drug firms to hike prices. “There also is no truth to the suggestion the measure increases the cost of a veteran’s copay,” the Sacramento Bee noted this week. “VA recipients have fixed co-pays, while some qualify for free health care altogether.” The backers of the measure responded through another veterans organization, VoteVets Action Fund, which aired an advertisement supporting the initiative. Notably, VoteVets has received funding from the Yes on Prop 61 campaign. The filings also provide more information about other consultants tied to the civic groups opposing Prop 61. The NAACP of California announced its opposition to Prop 61 this year. The disclosures show that AC Public Affairs, a consulting firm run by Alice Huffman, the president of the California NAACP, received $80,000 in consulting fees and $38,500 for print ads from the drug industry’s No on Prop 61 fund. The U.S. pays far more for pharmaceuticals than any industrialized country in the world. Bloomberg found that Roche Holding AG’s Herceptin breast cancer drug, for example, “cost about 85 percent more in the U.S. than in other high-income countries.” One driver of the higher costs is a provision of the Medicare Part D law, essentially authored by PhRMA, which prevents Medicare from using its collective bargaining power to negotiate for better drug prices. (Congressman Billy Tauzin, R-La., the lawmaker who helped usher in the PhRMA legislation, later became a PhRMA lobbyist earning $11.6 million in annual salary.) A recent study found that $16 billion could be saved annually by simply allowing Medicare to negotiate for lower rates. Eli Lilly chief executive John Lechleiter, during on a conference call on Tuesday, sought to reassure investors by pledging that he is doing everything in his power to stop Proposition 61. His company has been in the news recently for price gouging, especially for its Humulin R U-500 insulin medicine, a very profitable product for the firm that Eli Lilly hiked in price by 325 percent from 2010 to 2015. “Prop 61, we’re fighting that tooth and nail in California,” Lechleiter said. “We have a pretty big campaign underway,” he added, noting that his company hoped to “shift voters toward a position of being against it for a whole variety of reasons.” Contact the author: Lee Fang✉lee.fang@​theintercept.comt@lhfang ˅ ⎕ 56 Comments (closed) The Intercept_ Newsletter D × ✓ Weekly Digest ✓ Breaking Stories and Exclusives ⟶ Email list managed by MailChimp Filters SVG
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Digital Workplace Governance Takes the Stage (and the Awards) By Steve Bynghall | Oct 28, 2016 CHANNEL: Digital Workplace This year's Step Two Intranet and Digital Workplace Awards showed many organizations emphasizing governance PHOTO: Anthony DELANOIX Governance may not be glamorous, but it serves an essential purpose.  Robust governance is the backbone of any effective and sustainable platform.   Establishing governance can be difficult — and keeping it going is even harder. It’s one of those words that covers many different areas, from technology and infrastructure, to legal and risk issues to senior sponsorship to content management.   In the case of the digital workplace and intranet world, governance usually covers both strategic decision-making (usually with the likes of steering committees), and more operational matters, such as archiving policies.  Awards Hint at a Governance Trend So it was good to see governance emerge as one of the strongest themes in this year’s Step Two Intranet and Digital Workplace Awards (previously called the Intranet Innovation Awards).  Now in their 10th year, these global awards celebrate both the newer, shinier stuff (one of 2016 winners is about workplace use of virtual reality) and the successful back-end practices and processes. All winners need to demonstrate the impact of their project, which has the highest proportion of judges marks allocated. While the awards winners and other entries only give us a hint of general trends in the intranet and digital workplace space, if they are anything to go by, organizations are placing a healthy emphasis on carefully thought out governance plans when implementing new intranet or digital workplace projects.  Governance Through Site and Content Ownership Setting Clear Managerial Roles - and Supporting Them - at Darmstadt On the more operational side of intranets, we found companies that are putting great focus on the roles associated with managing content, communities and team spaces, and designing training around these roles.   For example, Darmstadt, Germany-based pharmaceutical company Merck’s intranet and collaboration environment, EVA, has a number of different “rooms” (effectively spaces) relating to different organizations, locations, topics, projects and processes.   Very well-defined roles around the management of each room enables the smooth operation of EVA. These roles include Room Owners, Room Managers, Local Room Managers as well as a set of Key Room Managers, the super-users who handle training and administrative rights.  The company offers a training program and support materials for each type of manager. Some of the roles and structures involved with running EVA, Merck’s digital workplace environmentPHOTO: Screenshot courtesy of Merck and Step Two Designs Establishing Content Ownership - and Trust - at Philips Amsterdam-based electronics company Philips launched a new topic-based intranet and worked hard to establish strong content ownership, with both page-level owners and topic owners who have a clear set of responsibilities.  These exist within a wider framework which internal communications owns. Individual content and topic owners are displayed clearly on each piece of content to help establish trust and confidence in the content, as well as the intranet as a whole. Other winners such as Queensland University of Technology and White & Case also put in place solid governance foundations to ensure content is reliable and relevant, and stays that way. While getting content and site ownership right doesn’t sound like rocket science, it’s amazing how many organizations don’t get it right — or start off with good intentions but let the framework wither and die.  Challenges of Digital Workplace Governance Governance becomes a little more challenging and complex within the wider digital workplace. The wider scope of channels and applications and the broader set of stakeholders involved both add to this, as does the fact that the "digital workplace" is a looser and still emergent concept.  Due to its relative newness and the different stages that organizations are in with the digital workplace, good practices have yet to be established. However in this year's awards we can see some hints of what a digital workplace governance looks like, with structures, approaches and practices applied to specific scenarios that could work within a wider digital workplace. Cross-Functional Governance in Action at McKesson A characteristic of digital workplace governance is its cross-functionality. Governance in this case involves a wider set of key support functions, who also serve as services and application owners. San Francisco-based global healthcare company McKesson is one example of this in action. Its intranet and collaboration team set up a Mobile Center of Excellence for Employee Apps which helps steer the deployment of in-house apps into a light appstore.  What’s impressive about McKesson’s efforts is that the Center of Excellence is truly cross-functional, including Communications, IT, HR as well as members of Security and Legal. The group not only provides ownership within McKesson, but also supports anyone wanting to set up an app on the mobile app store.  The Center now has an established process which follows an app from the idea stage to acceptance in the app store, with different stages along the way. Not only is this more efficient and follows desired practices, but it also means the team tackles some of the trickier aspects with apps (usually associated with risk) at an early stage. A simplified diagram of the app creation process managed through McKesson’s Mobile Center of ExcellencePHOTO: Screenshot courtesy of McKesson and Step Two Designs From SharePoint Governance to Digital Workplace Governance Another winner in this year’s awards was Novozymes, a Bagsvaerd, Denmark-based biotechnology company.  Here the IT function delivered a novel approach to SharePoint governance based on a framework developed by SharePointPeople. This highly detailed approach involves different levels of documentation around ownership, dependencies and process for various “managed elements” of the SharePoint environment which cover applications, processes and platform services. There are also owners for some overarching business drivers.   The detailed approach Novozymes took may not translate to every organization and every sector, the business took some interesting approaches worth noting:  Novozymes started with the premise that it would only create rules that can be enforced, so the system involves appropriate check-ins and controls to make sure that governance actually happens.  Even though IT drove the initiative, the company recognized that decisions need to actually happen from the business, so ownership lies with the appropriate decision makers and not behind the scenes with technologists.  The company designed a dashboard (based on SharePoint) with as much automation as possible to show the overall status of governance and ensure compliance. While the long-term success of the platform remains to be seen, IT are already rolling out the approach to other elements of the digital ecosystem beyond SharePoint. It’s an approach which can potentially work for the wider digital workplace.  Governance: Worth the Persistence Not all of the 2016 awards winners focused on governance. Some emphasized innovation and a more agile and light approach to development and deployment. However getting governance in place is a must-have if your goal is a sustainable digital workplace. The awards winners gave us a glimpse of what digital workplace governance can look like.  Getting governance off the ground requires persistence.  While not as glamorous as beautiful designs and cutting edge intranets, it's encouraging to see some of the awards winners devoting the time and effort into their governance programs. About the Author Steve Bynghall is a freelance consultant and writer based in the UK. He focuses on intranets, collaboration, social business, KM and the digital workplace. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' Domo Strikes New Low in Vendor Competition Everything You Thought You Knew About User Experience Is Wrong Kentico’s New Cloud CMS Is Headless, Thoughtful and Affordable 5 Places Where Social Collaboration Tools Help Business Processes Digital Hub Platforms Can Improve Enterprise Collaboration Microsoft Connects SharePoint Team Sites to Office 365 Groups 3 Things to Know Before You Hire Across State Lines Microsoft Teams Takes Aim at Slack, Other Collaboration Vendors Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags step two designs, intranet and digital workplace awards, steve bynghall, intranets, portals, sharepoint, digital workplace, digital workplace governance, enterprise collaboration   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Nov 14 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2016 Nov 22 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Productivity Paradox #SocBizChat Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management Dec 1 [Igloo Webinar] Don't get left behind: Create a unified digital workplace before it's too late Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' view comments Domo Strikes New Low in Vendor Competition view comments Everything You Thought You Knew About User Experience Is Wrong view comments Kentico’s New Cloud CMS Is Headless, Thoughtful and Affordable view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.

Bergenfield Dumont New Milford Patricia August Community Advisor Lorraine Ash Reporter Bob Weiss Community Advisor Cecilia Levine Managing Editor Jerry DeMarco Managing Editor Kathie Lacey Community Advisor Faith Ballantine-Armonaitis Community Editor Chris Ryan Community Advisor Subscribe Contact Us Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe Bergenfield Daily Voice serves Bergenfield, Dumont & New Milford See nearby towns Search Monday, nov 14 57° Search Nearby Search Home News Schools Sports Neighbors Obituaries More Lifestyle Business Politics Weather Events Jobs Real Estate DV Pilot Police & Fire Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2016 Daily Voice Bergenfield Daily Voice serves Bergenfield, Dumont & New Milford Nearby Towns Northern Valley serves Harrington Park, Haworth, Northvale, Norwood, Old Tappan & Rockleigh Cresskill-Closter serves Closter, Cresskill & Demarest Paramus serves Oradell, Paramus & River Edge Englewood serves Alpine, Englewood, Englewood Cliffs & Tenafly neighbors Ramsey Man With Alzheimer’s: 'You're In Your Own Little Box' Lorraine Ash 10/28/2016 Share Tweet Pin It Email Print 0 Comments Steve Donnelly of Ramsey. Photo Credit: Lorraine Ash More Articles neighbors Edgewater Brothers Want To Feed 100 People On Thanksgiving Paramus YouTuber Celebrates Milestone With '100K' Hot Dogs Fundraising Deadline Looms For Bergenfield Teen's Video Game ... comment 0 Read / Add Comments RAMSEY, N.J. — Alzheimer’s crept up on Steve Donnelly of Ramsey. “It started with a sinus issue,” said the 65-year-old. “My wife pointed out I was snoring a lot more.” He had sleep apnea, which causes breathing disruptions that deprive brain neurons of oxygen. Scientists have linked the condition to Alzheimer’s . In 2013, a spinal showed Donnelly had a very high plaque and tau count in his brain. That meant he probably had the disease. There’d been other indications, though. Trouble had surfaced three years earlier while he was in the midst of conducting a computer demo in England. “I was showing them how to do an order, how to fix something, and all of a sudden, there was nothing,” he said. “The screen went blank in my mind.” One of his colleagues stepped in. Today Donnelly is on long-term disability and determined to use every conscious moment to help eradicate Alzheimer’s. He’s participating in a Merck drug trial . “It’s a blind test so you don’t know whether you’re getting the drug or a placebo,” he said. “I don’t care. If it helps somebody else, great, let’s do it.” With the help of his son, Donnelly also works with Alzheimer’s New Jersey, a support and research organization staging Sunday’s Walk to Fight Alzheimer’s at Bergen Community College in Paramus. The event, which starts at 10 a.m., is expected to draw some 4,000 people. There’s something about having all those people together that’s comforting to Donnelly. Because, he says, Alzheimer’s is “an alone disease.” “You’re in your own little box trying to make sense of all the things your brain is telling you,” he said. Today, Donnelly doesn’t drive. He willingly stopped. Day to day, he approaches things asking a single question: Is it safe for me to do? Is it not safe? If it’s safe, he does it. From time to time, he said, new realities enter his brain. “The other day I had what I call TV camera vision,” he said. “Everything I looked at looked like I was viewing it out of a camera.” At this early-onset stage, Donnelly has resolve and said he would give his life to find a cure. His daily existence also is full of gracendue to his caregiver – his wife, Marybeth, who, he said, gives him care, consideration, and love. “That makes things a whole lot easier,” he said. Anyone interested in walking Sunday can show up at the college and register. For more information, CLICK HERE. Share this story Share Tweet Pin It Email comment 0 Read / Add Comment Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe Jobs in Bergenfield Powered by Indeed Post Your Job On Daily Voice and Indeed See More Jobs Welcome to Bergenfield Daily Voice! Serves Bergenfield, Dumont & New Milford This is a one time message inviting you to keep in touch Get important news about your town as it happens. Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe
DAX ®10.693,69+0,24%TecDAX ®1.688,34-0,37%Dow Jones18.868,69+0,11%NASDAQ 1004.702,04-1,05% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich NEU finanztreff.de Blog Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe NEU Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Ausbildung zum erfolgreichen Börsenhändler. Jetzt kostenlos! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Exklusiv: finanztreff.de Kunden erhalten 3 Monate Goldkonditionen Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt PRESS RELEASE: AiCuris celebrates its 10th Anniversary hosting a Mini-Symposium on Challenges and Breakthroughs of Anti-infective Therapies at the BIO-Europe(R) 2016 28.10.2016 - 09:30 | Quelle: Dow Jones Newswire Web === DGAP-News: AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH / Key word(s): Conference AiCuris celebrates its 10th Anniversary hosting a Mini-Symposium on Challenges and Breakthroughs of Anti-infective Therapies at the BIO-Europe(R) 2016 2016-10-28 / 09:30 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. *AiCuris celebrates its 10th Anniversary hosting a Mini-Symposium on* *Challenges and Breakthroughs of Anti-infective Therapies at the* *BIO-Europe(R) 2016* *Wuppertal, Germany, October 28, 2016* - AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH, a leading company in the discovery and development of drugs against infectious diseases, today announced, that it will host in cooperation with the BIO Clustermanagement NRW GmbH a press conference and mini-symposium to celebrate its 10th Anniversary at the BIO-Europe(R) 2016 - 22nd Annual International Partnering Conference being held November 7-9, 2016 in Cologne, Germany. The mini-symposium titled *"Challenges and breakthroughs of anti-infective therapies - 10 years of AiCuris!" *will take place on Tuesday, November 8th from 11:00 am to 12:00 noon at the BIO.NRW booth 100. During this event, renowned experts in infectious diseases will discuss today's and future needs in the treatment of infectious diseases as well as innovative approaches that address urgent medical needs, e.g. in terms of new modes of action. Presentations at the mini-symposium include: · *Short introduction: Anti-infective therapy and resistance issues* Prof. Dr. Theodor Dingermann, Goethe-University Frankfurt, Institute for Pharmaceutical Biology · *Current challenges in anti-infective therapies from a clinician's perspective* Prof. Dr. med. Andrew Ullmann, University Hospital Würzburg, Department Infectious Diseases · *AiCuris: 10 years of successful R&D in anti-infective therapy* Dr. Holger Zimmermann, CEO of AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH Prof. Dr. Theodor Dingermann will also moderate the mini-symposium. Anti-infectives, including antibiotics and antivirals have greatly increased human life expectancy since 1932 with the first commercially available antibacterial from Bayer Laboratories. "The current medical standards for the treatment and prevention of infections, e.g. in intensive care or transplantations, are unthinkable without anti-infectives. However, multi-drug resistant pathogens are now omnipresent and antibiotics, the former wonder drugs, are losing their effectiveness," commented Dr. Holger Zimmermann, CEO of AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH. "Since our foundation as a spin out from Bayer in 2006, AiCuris has established itself as a powerhouse for anti-infectives R&D. The company strives to make a difference and is dedicated to develop novel resistance-breaking antiviral and antibacterial agents that address high medical needs." The AiCuris portfolio today comprises seven clinical development programs including letermovir, a prophylactic treatment against human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) in bone marrow transplant patients, licensed to Merck & Co. (MSD) in 2012. Last week, AiCuris announced that letermovir met the primary endpoint in a pivotal phase 3 study. Pritelivir, a helicase-primase inhibitor, being developed to treat herpes simplex virus Type 1 (HSV-1) and Type 2 (HSV-2) infections has successfully completed phase 2 clinical trials as an oral formulation against genital herpes and, in its topical form targeted against labial herpes, a clinical phase 1 study. Other preclinical and clinical programs include small molecules against HCMV, hepatitis B virus (HBV), adenovirus, resistance breaking hospital antibiotics and two immune modulators. In addition, AiCuris will present its recent successes and expected future developments in a company presentation on November 9th from 12:10 at the conference in room Room 1 / Rheinsaal 1. Companies interested in meeting with AiCuris at BIO-Europe(R) are asked to request a meeting through the event's partneringONE(R) online system or to contact business@aicuris.com. The Company will also be available to the media for interviews and background discussions. Please contact MC Services at caroline.bergmann@mc-services.eu to arrange for media meetings. *About BIO-Europe(R) * BIO-Europe(R) is the preeminent partnering conference for the life sciences, bringing together international decision makers from the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and financial sectors, offering networking opportunities, workshop and panel participation, a high profile exhibition, and private, prescheduled one-on-one meetings. The BIO-Europe(R) 2016 partnering event is expected to draw over 3,500 industry attendees for three days of high level networking, representing upwards of 1,900 companies from over 50 countries. *About AiCuris Anti-infective Cures GmbH* AiCuris was founded in 2006 as a spin-off from Bayer and focuses on the discovery and development of drugs against infectious diseases. The company's majority investor is SANTO Holding. The company is developing drugs for the treatment of viruses such as human cytomegalovirus (HCMV), herpes simplex virus (HSV), hepatitis B virus (HBV), and adenoviruses. In the field of antibacterials, AiCuris seeks to develop innovative treatment options for life-threatening, (multidrug)-resistant hospital-treated pathogens. In 2012, AiCuris signed a license agreement with Merck & Co (MSD), one of the largest agreements of its kind in the European biotech industry. The agreement covers the development and commercialization of novel drug candidates against HCMV. Letermovir, the most advanced compound under this agreement, met primary endpoints in a pivotal phase 3 clinical trial in patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation. *Contact:* *Media Relations* AiCuris Anti-infective Cures MC Services AG GmbH Katja Woestenhemke Anne Hennecke Friedrich-Ebert-Str. 475/Geb. Kaiser-Friedrich-Ring 5 302 42117 Wuppertal 40545 Düsseldorf Phone +49 202 317 63 0 Phone +49 211 529 252 22 Fax +49 202 317 63 1601 Fax +49 211 529 252 29 Email business@aicuris.com Email anne.hennecke@mc-services.eu Web www.aicuris.com [1] Web www.mc-services.eu [2] 2016-10-28 Dissemination of a Corporate News, transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases. Archive at www.dgap.de 515539 2016-10-28 1: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=4c1b4c829874427ce5b03eceaf999852&application_id=515539&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 2: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=3ecf2530b218c7f4b08898604a61787e&application_id=515539&site_id=vwd&application_name=news === (END) Dow Jones Newswires October 28, 2016 03:30 ET (07:30 GMT) Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 14.11. Wie Deutsche Bank und Commerzbank von Trump profitieren können 14.11. AKTIEN IM FOKUS: Anleger flüchten aus Immobilienaktien in Banktitel 14.11. ROUNDUP/Bitkom: Hälfte der deutschen Unternehmen fehlt Digitalstrategie 14.11. Moderate Gewinne beim Dax zu Wochenbeginn 12.11. Die Deutsche Bank geschockt! weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Dow Jones Newswire Web Datum Meldung 14.11. PTA-News: Beteiligungen im Baltikum AG: Stellungnahme zur Pressemitteilung der Kremlin AG vom 14.11.2016 14.11. NACHBÖRSE (22:00)/XDAX +0,1% auf 10.704 Pkt - Dt. Euroshop mit Plus 14.11. MÄRKTE USA/Trump-Rally verliert an Schwung 14.11. DGAP-AFR: TTL Information Technology AG: Vorabbekanntmachung über die Veröffentlichung von Quartalsberichten und Quartals-/Zwischenmitteilungen 14.11. DGAP-AFR: TTL Information Technology AG: Preliminary announcement of the publication of quarterly reports and quarterly/interim statements Topthemen Datum Meldung 14.11. Moderate Gewinne beim Dax zu Wochenbeginn 14.11. Pilotenstreik bei der Lufthansa - Weihnachten ausgenommen 14.11. Samsung will mit Harman-Kauf ins Geschäft mit Autoelektronik 14.11. Lebensarbeitszeit in Europa um fast zwei Jahre gestiegen 14.11. China will Stahlproduktion verringern weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 14.11. Rohstoffmarkt: Donald Trump lässt die Ölpreise purzeln 14.11. boerse.ARD.de Dax: Trump-Euphorie lässt nach 14.11. Währungen nach dem Trump-Sieg: Verkehrte Welt am Devisenmarkt 14.11. boerse.ARD.de Dax rettet ein Mini-Plus 14.11. Yuan-Handelsplatz in Frankfurt: Gemischte Bilanz nach zwei Jahren zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ronald Gehrt Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld |Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2016 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Abzocke mit gekaperten Konten bei Amazon. Die Verbraucherzentrale fordert von Amazon, Nutzer an prominenter Stelle zu warnen - beispielsweise wie Banken beim Login. Was meinen Sie? Ja, so ist man vorgewarnt. Nein, wer darauf reinfällt, ist selbst schuld. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Ihr kostenfreies Plus an Börsenwissen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart bietet seinen Mitgliedern sechs Mal im Jahr ein informatives Anlegermagazin, welches über aussichtsreiche Anlage- und Tradingmöglichkeiten berichtet. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Planet Business: Scratching the shingles itch Time Warner, John Lewis, paper receipts and Heathrow runway woe Fri, Oct 28, 2016, 08:00 Laura Slattery Come to no Harmondsworth: village is situated in west London right next to Heathrow and faces partial demolition following the UK government’s decision to build a third runway. Photograph: Eddie Keogh/Reuters         In numbers: Itchy business $1 billion Sum that analysts think GlaxoSmithKline could make annually by 2021 from worldwide sales of Shingrix, its imminent shingles vaccine. It has filed for regulatory approval for the drug in the US, and will apply in Canada and Europe next. 37,000 Number of people Shingrix has been tested on. Glaxo’s vaccine for herpes zoster, aka shingles, has been developed over two decades. $749 million Sales recorded last year by Glaxo rival Merck from Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine currently on the market. It’s a blistering performance. Image of the week: Village death-knell Welcome to Harmondsworth, where cars that do not drive slowly are not the biggest problem right now. That’s because the village is situated in west London right next to Heathrow and faces partial demolition following the UK government’s decision to build a third runway. About half of the village is set to disappear under the plans, with the other half, including an 11th-century church and a 600-year-old, grade-one-listed barn, aka the Great Barn, soon adjoining the runway tarmac. The people of Harmondsworth are mostly unimpressed by talk of world-class compensation packages for homeowners, and have decorated their lampposts with the appropriate protest signs. Nearby Longford, meanwhile, is set to be completely destroyed. The lexicon: Paperless till It won’t be of any surprise to shoppers to learn that a retail conspiracy is underway to rid our pockets, purses and “safe-keeping” drawers of paper receipts. Convenience stores stopped bothering with them ages ago. Supermarket staff now ask you if you want one, implying by their tone that only weird people do. And fashion retailers make a big play of sending customers “e-receipts” to their emails. Now Tesco has begun a three-month trial of a contactless, paperless till system that will send an e-receipt to an app on smartphones. The paperless till seems a more realistic prospect than the paperless office but, as saving-the-environment initiatives go, you might say it’s a little token. ADVERTISEMENT Getting to know: Paula Nickolds She began as a graduate trainee at the haberdashery department of London’s Oxford Street branch in 1994: now Paula Nickolds has been appointed managing director of John Lewis. Nickolds (43), who is currently commercial director of the department store chain, will become the first woman to lead it in its 152-year history when she takes up the position in January, replacing Andy Street, who is off to run as a Conservative mayoral candidate. Nickolds identifies “impatience” as the trait she least likes in herself, admitting “it drives everyone around me mad”. Before she officially takes control, there is the annual delight of the John Lewis Christmas ad, which is expected to “drop” as early as this day week. The list: Time Warner facts US telecoms group AT&T has declared its interest in buying entertainment behemoth Time Warner for $85.4 billion, which, if approved by competition regulators, could make it the biggest corporate deal this year. So which one is Time Warner again? 1. Eighties child: Time Warner was formed in the late 1980s from what was then regarded as the “mega-merger” of Warner Communications and publisher Time Inc, both of which date back to the 1920s. 2. Biggest regret: Its 2001 merger with AOL, since unwound, was the “biggest mistake in corporate history”, according to Time Warner’s current chief executive, Jeff Bewkes. 3. Prize asset: Time Warner comes complete with the original “golden age of television” network, HBO, which is great for news media, as it means the deal can be illustrated with pictures of Game of Thrones, and analogies between the cut-throat world of business and the kingdom of Westeros. 4. News beast: Time Warner’s CNN, controversially self-styled as the “most trusted name in news”, has been raking it in from a Trump-related ratings boost and expects to make about $100 million more in advertising cash as a result. 5. A-list names: Warner Bros movies slated for release in 2017 include the Lego Batman movie (ker-ching, ker-ching), Wonder Woman (another popular picture option) and Blade Runner 2049 (sacrilege).       Topics: Jeff Bewkes John Lewis Paula Nickolds Time Warner AOL Time Warner GSK HBO Tesco Heathrow Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Agribusiness & Food Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US Work Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain English Soccer Bastian Schweinsteiger begins talks over move to Chicago Economy Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways Sponsored Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Investors focus on Trump’s infrastructure spending plans 23:07 Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways 19:49 Court to fast-track legal challenge to Apple data centre in Athenry 19:25 Cantillon: Irish pension savers cautiously watch bond markets 19:18 Dermot Desmond-backed elearning firm sees 36% hike in profits 17:55 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of 2 Irish long-term interest rates surge above 1 per cent 3 Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain 4 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 5 Five things we’re watching at Web Summit in Lisbon 6 Bank of England’s Mark Carney under pressure 7 What does Brexit mean for Irish manufacturers’ domestic sales? 8 Investors focus on Trump’s infrastructure spending plans 9 O’Flynns sue Nama over alleged leak of information 10 Ireland makes flurry of deals with Vietnam Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 14/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Superbugs Attendee List Released Featuring Leading Health Experts from US Government Bodies, Industry and Science Nations present will include Belgium, France, India, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and USA. A snapshot of organisations confirmed to join Superbugs & Superdrugs USA include: ABAC Therapeutics, Achaogen, Allecra Therapeutics, AstraZeneca, BARDA, Blueberry Therapeutics Ltd, Bugworks Research India, CUBRC, Destiny Pharma Ltd, Entasis Therapeutics, Janssen Research & Development, LLC, JSC R-PHARM, Merck, Mail Stop K-15-F 370, Micromyx LLC, Modern Medical PC, Morton Findlay Associates Ltd, Motif BioSciences, National Institute Of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, NeoSome Life Sciences LLC, Noigel LLC, Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), Pfizer Antibacterials RU, PHARMA OMNIUM, Phico Therapeutics Ltd, Polyphor Ltd, Purdue Pharma, Sanderling Consulting LLC, Seventure Partners, Spero Therapeutics, The Medicines Company, University of North Texas Health Science Center, Venaticus AB, Zoetis + more. When asked what was being done to strengthen the antibiotic pipeline, Dr. Christopher Houchens, Branch Chief of BARDA’s Antibacterials Program and one of this year’s keynote speakers said: “BARDA and NIAID have worked together to support the establishment of a Biopharmaceutical Accelerator. The CARB-X, represents one of the world’s largest public-private partnerships focused on the preclinical discovery and development of new antimicrobial products. This partnership between BARDA, NIAID, the Wellcome Trust of London, the AMR Centre of Alderley Park, and Boston University School of Law, promotes innovation and funding to accelerate the number of antibacterial candidates in the preclinical drug-development pipeline. The end goal of CARB-X is to move promising antibiotic candidates through preclinical development to the point where they would merit additional private and/or public investment for clinical development and regulatory approval.” A preliminary list of attendees and a series of interviews with some of those speaking such as Pfizer, Janssen and BARDA, is available to read in the event download centre. Further information including a detailed program and full speaker line-up is available at www.superbugs-usa.com. Superbugs & Superdrugs USA 2016 Conference: Nov 14 – 15 Interactive workshops: Nov 16 Renaissance Woodbridge Hotel, Iselin, New Jersey Contact Information: For all media enquiries contact Teri Arri on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6162 / Email: tarri@smi-online.co.uk To register for the conference, visit http://www.superbugs-usa.com/prlog For delegate enquires contact Matthew Apps on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6093 / Email: mapps@smi-online.co.uk For sponsorship or exhibitor enquiries, contact Alia Malick on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6168 / Email: amalick@smi-online.co.uk About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Photos:http://www.prlog.org/12597478 Press release distributed by PRLog   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/superbugs-attendee-list-released-featuring-leading-health-experts-from-us-government-bodies-industry-and-science-300353165.html SOURCE SMi Group Related Links http://www.smi-online.co.uk Author MarcinPosted on October 27, 2016October 27, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: 2016 Global Contact Center Systems Buyers Guide Next Next post: Opening Baha Mar: Another Step Closer Search for: Search Recent Posts TEAM HEALTH MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Team Health Holdings, Inc. Corporate Capital Trust announces third quarter 2016 results INTELIQUENT MERGER INVESTIGATION ALERT – Andrews & Springer LLC Is Seeking More Cash for Shareholders of Inteliquent, Inc. ADDING MULTIMEDIA Costco, GameStop and Best Buy Join Activision Blizzard to Support Veteran Hiring with Special Call of Duty®: Infinite Warfare Holiday Seasonal Items Dividend Capital Diversified Property Fund Provides Third Quarter 2016 Portfolio Update Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Superbugs Attendee List Released Featuring Leading Health Experts from US Government Bodies, Industry and Science By Published: Oct 27, 2016 7:06 p.m. ET Share SMi Group have released an attendee list 3 weeks ahead of its Superbugs & Superdrugs USA conference on antibiotic drug resistance. ISELIN, N.J., Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Aimed at capturing the latest developments and breakthroughs against antimicrobial resistance (AMR), SMi Group's timely Superbugs & Superdrugs USA summit will gather scientists, US Government bodies and industry experts when it takes place on NOV 14TH & 15TH in Iselin, New Jersey. In the run-up to the event, SMi Group have released an attendee list featuring a global audience that emphasises a widespread international concern on the serious global threat of antibiotic resistance. Nations present will include Belgium, France, India, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and USA. A snapshot of organisations confirmed to join Superbugs & Superdrugs USA include: ABAC Therapeutics, Achaogen, Allecra Therapeutics, AstraZeneca, BARDA, Blueberry Therapeutics Ltd, Bugworks Research India, CUBRC, Destiny Pharma Ltd, Entasis Therapeutics, Janssen Research & Development, LLC, JSC R-PHARM, Merck, Mail Stop K-15-F 370, Micromyx LLC, Modern Medical PC, Morton Findlay Associates Ltd, Motif BioSciences, National Institute Of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, NeoSome Life Sciences LLC, Noigel LLC, Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), Pfizer Antibacterials RU, PHARMA OMNIUM, Phico Therapeutics Ltd, Polyphor Ltd, Purdue Pharma, Sanderling Consulting LLC, Seventure Partners, Spero Therapeutics, The Medicines Company, University of North Texas Health Science Center, Venaticus AB, Zoetis + more. When asked what was being done to strengthen the antibiotic pipeline, Dr. Christopher Houchens, Branch Chief of BARDA's Antibacterials Program and one of this year's keynote speakers said: "BARDA and NIAID have worked together to support the establishment of a Biopharmaceutical Accelerator. The CARB-X, represents one of the world's largest public-private partnerships focused on the preclinical discovery and development of new antimicrobial products. This partnership between BARDA, NIAID, the Wellcome Trust of London, the AMR Centre of Alderley Park, and Boston University School of Law, promotes innovation and funding to accelerate the number of antibacterial candidates in the preclinical drug-development pipeline. The end goal of CARB-X is to move promising antibiotic candidates through preclinical development to the point where they would merit additional private and/or public investment for clinical development and regulatory approval." A preliminary list of attendees and a series of interviews with some of those speaking such as Pfizer, Janssen and BARDA, is available to read in the event download centre. Further information including a detailed program and full speaker line-up is available at www.superbugs-usa.com. Superbugs & Superdrugs USA 2016 Conference: Nov 14 – 15 Interactive workshops: Nov 16 Renaissance Woodbridge Hotel, Iselin, New Jersey Contact Information: For all media enquiries contact Teri Arri on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6162 / Email: tarri@smi-online.co.uk To register for the conference, visit http://www.superbugs-usa.com/prlog For delegate enquires contact Matthew Apps on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6093 / Email: mapps@smi-online.co.uk For sponsorship or exhibitor enquiries, contact Alia Malick on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6168 / Email: amalick@smi-online.co.uk About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Photos:http://www.prlog.org/12597478 Press release distributed by PRLog   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/superbugs-attendee-list-released-featuring-leading-health-experts-from-us-government-bodies-industry-and-science-300353165.html SOURCE SMi Group Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Superbugs Attendee List Released Featuring Leading Health Experts from US Government Bodies, Industry and Science SMi Group have released an attendee list 3 weeks ahead of its Superbugs & Superdrugs USA conference on antibiotic drug resistance. News provided by SMi Group Oct 27, 2016, 19:06 ET Share this article ISELIN, N.J., Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Aimed at capturing the latest developments and breakthroughs against antimicrobial resistance (AMR), SMi Group's timely Superbugs & Superdrugs USA summit will gather scientists, US Government bodies and industry experts when it takes place on NOV 14TH & 15TH in Iselin, New Jersey. In the run-up to the event, SMi Group have released an attendee list featuring a global audience that emphasises a widespread international concern on the serious global threat of antibiotic resistance. Nations present will include Belgium, France, India, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and USA. A snapshot of organisations confirmed to join Superbugs & Superdrugs USA include: ABAC Therapeutics, Achaogen, Allecra Therapeutics, AstraZeneca, BARDA, Blueberry Therapeutics Ltd, Bugworks Research India, CUBRC, Destiny Pharma Ltd, Entasis Therapeutics, Janssen Research & Development, LLC, JSC R-PHARM, Merck, Mail Stop K-15-F 370, Micromyx LLC, Modern Medical PC, Morton Findlay Associates Ltd, Motif BioSciences, National Institute Of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, NeoSome Life Sciences LLC, Noigel LLC, Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), Pfizer Antibacterials RU, PHARMA OMNIUM, Phico Therapeutics Ltd, Polyphor Ltd, Purdue Pharma, Sanderling Consulting LLC, Seventure Partners, Spero Therapeutics, The Medicines Company, University of North Texas Health Science Center, Venaticus AB, Zoetis + more. When asked what was being done to strengthen the antibiotic pipeline, Dr. Christopher Houchens, Branch Chief of BARDA's Antibacterials Program and one of this year's keynote speakers said: "BARDA and NIAID have worked together to support the establishment of a Biopharmaceutical Accelerator. The CARB-X, represents one of the world's largest public-private partnerships focused on the preclinical discovery and development of new antimicrobial products. This partnership between BARDA, NIAID, the Wellcome Trust of London, the AMR Centre of Alderley Park, and Boston University School of Law, promotes innovation and funding to accelerate the number of antibacterial candidates in the preclinical drug-development pipeline. The end goal of CARB-X is to move promising antibiotic candidates through preclinical development to the point where they would merit additional private and/or public investment for clinical development and regulatory approval." A preliminary list of attendees and a series of interviews with some of those speaking such as Pfizer, Janssen and BARDA, is available to read in the event download centre. Further information including a detailed program and full speaker line-up is available at www.superbugs-usa.com. Superbugs & Superdrugs USA 2016 Conference: Nov 14 – 15 Interactive workshops: Nov 16 Renaissance Woodbridge Hotel, Iselin, New Jersey Contact Information: For all media enquiries contact Teri Arri on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6162 / Email: tarri@smi-online.co.uk To register for the conference, visit http://www.superbugs-usa.com/prlog For delegate enquires contact Matthew Apps on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6093 / Email: mapps@smi-online.co.uk For sponsorship or exhibitor enquiries, contact Alia Malick on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6168 / Email: amalick@smi-online.co.uk About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Photos:http://www.prlog.org/12597478 Press release distributed by PRLog   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/superbugs-attendee-list-released-featuring-leading-health-experts-from-us-government-bodies-industry-and-science-300353165.html SOURCE SMi Group Related Links http://www.smi-online.co.uk Jan 29, 2016, 10:11 ET Preview: SMi reports: Exclusive Interview with Colonel John M. Ferrell, US Army Released My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Superbugs Attendee List Released Featuring Leading Health Experts from US Government Bodies, Industry and Science News provided by SMi Group Oct 27, 2016, 19:06 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Features > Health Influencer 50: 50-41 Tweet MM&M and PRWeek staff October 26, 2016 2016 Health Influencer 50 Health Influencer 50: 50-41 Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print MM&M's and PRWeek's Health Influencer 50: 50-41 On the first day of our top 50 reveal, agency and in-house comms leaders, the top marketer at the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association, and a leading health correspondent for CNN make the list. Click here to return to MM&M's and PRWeek's Health Influencer 50 list and features. 50. Diana Littman Paige, executive director, consumer lifestyle and healthcare practices, Marina Maher Communications Diana Littman Paige has effectively blended her expertise in healthcare and marketing to women in her role as executive director of consumer lifestyle and healthcare practices at Marina Maher Communications. The agency works with clients ranging from Tide to Merck. "Engagement and sharing are increasingly our success metrics because it's no longer what a brand says about itself that matters; it's what people say about the brand," Littman Paige said while moderating a panel at the 2015 Marketing to Women Conference. She joined Marina Maher in 2007 and moved quickly up the ladder, with three promotions in three years. Alongside her executive role, she is also head of Rx Mosaic, a division of Marina Maher focused on pharma and scientific comms. Littman Paige grew the agency's health and well-being practice partnering with a range of pharma and consumer health brands. –––––––––––––––––––––– 49. Meighan Girgus, chief marketing and programs officer, American Heart Association/American Stroke Association Meighan Girgus steered the AHA and ASA through the early internet revolution, evolving an aging brand with a minimalist website into a thriving digital presence. Its properties now attract 170 million visitors a year and cover the gamut of heart disease and stroke-related health needs. Throughout her two decades with the AHA and ASA, Girgus has been involved in national panels and writing groups to support the organization's battle against cardiovascular disease. Prior to being named chief mission officer in 2009, she served as EVP of healthcare. She's an academic at heart. The papers and programs she co-authored helped standardize stroke care and practices. During the past 13 years, more than three million patients received help through a program Girgus and her team created to improve patient care. The AHA and ASA have partnered with the Ad Council, launching a multiyear campaign that helped people recognize warning signs and encouraged them to call 911. Next up: Girgus is head of an AHA taskforce designed to help speed up the process through which newly published scientific guidelines can be implemented. –––––––––––––––––––––– 48. Lynn O'Connor Vos, CEO, ghg In addition to helming one of the industry's biggest and hottest agencies — by the time 2016's results are tallied, ghg will likely have blown past $120 million in U.S. revenue and grown staff size to about 650 — Lynn O'Connor Vos remains an in-demand speaker. And ghg was IBM Watson Health's first agency partner. Yet over the course of a conversation, she's as likely to devote considerable time to discussing nontraditional ventures as she is the addition of pharma brands, including Pfizer's Chantix and J&J's esketamine nasal spray, to the ghg roster. See also: 3 questions for 5 of the agency world's leading executives As an example, take ghg's work with GoNoodle, creators of an e-platform designed to prompt recess-deprived schoolchildren to engage in more physical activity. "We're curious about medicine and technology. We love problem-solving," Vos told MM&M earlier this year. "It's great to have startups mixed in with more traditional clients, though who knows what qualifies as ‘traditional' anymore? Every company we work with is somewhere on the continuum of change." –––––––––––––––––––––– 47. James Greenwood, president and CEO, BIO Prior to joining BIO, James Greenwood represented Penn­sylvania in the House of Representatives for 12 years. He's still putting his political expertise to good use. He remains the biopharmaceutical industry's chief lobbyist in Washington and, since 2005, has been at times the industry's biggest cheerleader, as well as its watchdog. Given the recent backlash to industry pricing practices, Greenwood's role has never been more important. He kicked off the BIO International Convention in 2016 with a rousing defense of the sector, declaring "we're not going to let our industry be tarnished by insurance practices that burden patients with unaffordable cost. See also: Lobbyists create off-label principles following FDA lawsuits And we don't let ourselves be defined by companies like Turing — outlier hedge funds masquerading as biotech firms. That's not who we are." On the heels of that, BIO spearheaded two campaigns, Time Is Precious and Innovation Saves, to better tell the industry's story and promote its value. Both are shot in a sentimental style and show patients whose lives have been saved by new drugs. Greenwood said in a Bloomberg interview the campaigns were meant to "make the point that these drugs, expensive or not, do save lives." –––––––––––––––––––––– 46. Dr. Sanjay Gupta, chief medical correspondent, CNN At a time when many tele­pundits are coming under fire, Dr. Sanjay Gupta remains one of the cable world's most reserved voices. In a media environment that prioritizes bluster and volume over restraint and accuracy, that's the highest of high praise. Gupta's formal training and his health-policy experience inform his reporting on medical issues: He's a practicing neurosurgeon and served as a White House fellow under Hillary Clinton during her time as first lady. He's one of the few medical correspondents who reports from war zones and regions battered by natural disaster. No journalist ever wants to become a part of the story, but Gupta often crosses this line for the worthiest of reasons: While embedded with the U.S. Navy's Devil Docs medical unit, he jumped into action five times, performing emergency brain surgery on soldiers and civilians. Gupta is equally comfortable embracing policy-level ideas. He played an integral role in shaping CNN's anti-obesity initiative Fit Nation, chronicling the progress of six CNN viewers as they trained for a triathlon. Did Gupta participate in the event alongside them? Of course he did. –––––––––––––––––––––– 45. Helene Ellison, chair, global healthcare practice, Burson-Marsteller By Aaron Graff, CEO Ferring Holding Insight. Creativity. Enthusiasm. Results. Helene Ellison makes it all look easy. Helene is savvy, and she gets the job done. For more than 30 years she has launched numerous drugs and managed diverse crises for a wide range of global clients. Through it all, her passion shines through as she quickly becomes an expert on any issue of relevance to her clients. But what makes Helene truly effective is her energy. I am consistently amazed by her ability to engage a team and infuse passion in the work. No matter the challenge, Helene approaches every project as if it's her first day on the job and it is the most important project of her life. This infectious enthusiasm is reflected in the teams she leads and in the results she delivers to her clients. –––––––––––––––––––––– 44. Andy Slavitt, acting administrator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Less than six months into Andy Slavitt's job atop the nation's largest public payer, he faced a key leadership test: UnitedHealthcare Group, the country's largest health insurer, announced it would pull out of the federal health insurance marketplace. The loss of UnitedHealthcare from the exchange, a key facet of the Affordable Care Act, set off a wave of other defections. Open enrollment began on November 1, so all eyes are on Slavitt to maintain order. Managing through volatility appears to be one of his strengths. He served for nearly two years as CMS chief deputy, and the Harvard graduate worked for two decades in the healthcare and technology private sector. See also: Health exchanges, Obama administration challenged by recent insurer exits Slavitt's take: Premium increases will be short-lived. The longer-term goal is to attract more young people to enroll and more states to expand Medicaid. Meanwhile, uncertainty reigns — owing to election rhetoric about changes or repeal of the ACA — and insurers face heavy losses. President Obama even made an appeal to the remaining insurers. Stabilizing the young marketplace could be Slavitt's signature achievement, or, if CMS fails to shore up the exchange, his defining downfall. –––––––––––––––––––––– 43. Rob Clark, VP, global communications and corporate marketing, Medtronic Steering global comms and corporate marketing at a company the size of medical device behemoth Medtronic is job enough. Add to that a heavy slate of acquisitions, including the January 2015 purchase of Dublin-based surgical supplier Covidien for $49.9 billion, and it's safe to say Rob Clark has a lot of irons in the fire. As VP, global comms and corporate marketing at Medtronic, which reported revenue of $28.7 billion in its last fiscal year, Clark played a pivotal role in communicating the strategy behind the Covidien deal to all stakeholder groups, especially Medtronic's post-acquisition employee count of 85,000. See also: Watson Health partners with drug and devicemakers to tap into real-world data Clark, who has held a number of roles at Medtronic, leads the brand's corporate marketing, global PR, employee comms, digital and social media, and philanthropy communication teams worldwide. Minnesota-based Medtronic last year signed a 10-year deal with the Vikings to create the 3-acre Medtronic Plaza between downtown Minneapolis and U.S. Bank Stadium, to sponsor the Medtronic Club inside the stadium to showcase medical technology innovations invented in Minnesota, and to develop a joint community service program. –––––––––––––––––––––– 42. Paul van Arkel, head of corporate strategy and healthcare systems, Novartis Paul van Arkel is, in many ways, Novartis' champion of value-based outcomes. After all, the Swiss drugmaker was one of the first pharma companies to embrace value-based pricing, for its chronic heart failure treatment Entresto. Outcomes-driven healthcare and value-based pricing have been the subject of discussions around the industry for years, but Novartis — under van Arkel's tutelage — is one of the few companies bringing those discussions to reality. The company unveiled a risk-sharing pricing model for Entresto upon its approval in July 2015, announcing the drug's results would be linked to insurer payments. Subsequently, Novartis inked deals with insurers Aetna and Cigna that were based on the drug delivering real-world results similar to those seen in clinical trials. See also: Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy In an interview with the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations, he espoused the advantages of these kinds of deals. "Outcomes-based approaches are a better way to organize health across the whole system," he said. "We as an industry should be part of the solution," he continued. "We should help by developing the right products — whether it's drugs or beyond-the-pill services." –––––––––––––––––––––– 41. Patrick Blair, chief marketing and consumer officer, Anthem One year after he was named CMO, Patrick Blair oversaw one of Anthem's (then Wellpoint's) biggest changes: a name change. The move at the time was billed as a way to foster transparency and direct relationships. The company markets its plans under the Anthem name, which people know best. Blair took that push toward direct relationships even further by targeting millennials in 2013. He revisited the company's campaign for Tonik — an insurance plan geared toward young adults in California, Colorado, Nevada, and Georgia. The ad used shadow outlines of young 20-somethings — reminiscent of the iconic iPod commercials. The product would not survive the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, but it was an innovative approach that fostered curiosity among young people about their health coverage. Under his direction, Anthem also embraced more marketing strategies driven by digital and social media. The company enlisted Publicis-owned digital shop Rokkan to shake up the company's media mix ahead of open enrollment on new, state-run online exchanges under the ACA. –––––––––––––––––––––– MM&M's and PRWeek's Health Influencer 50 50-41 • 40-31 • 30-21 • 20-11 • 10 • 9 • 8 • 7 • 6 • 5 • 4 • 3 • 2 • 1 From the November 2016 Issue of MMM » Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Previous Post Read the complete January 2016 Digital Edition Next Post Health Influencer 50 4031 Similar Articles Health Influencer 50 How We Picked the Health Influencer 50 Health Influencer 50: No. 9 Health Influencer 50: No. 3 Health Influencer 50: No. 8 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Features Health Influencer 50: 40-31 MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Tweets by @MMMnews The most recent MM&M Skill Sets Live event, "Personalizing the Healthcare Experience," surveyed a range of issues relating to some of the industry's hottest topics. This e-book conveys a wealth of information and opinion designed to help marketers demystify the challenges associated with the personalization of healthcare messaging. Click here to access. Check out what's trending Healthcare Legal/Regulatory FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Election Commercial More in Features Health Influencer 50: No. 1 Health Influencer 50: No. 2 Health Influencer 50: No. 3 Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
null
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Autoimmune Disease Therapeutics - Global Market Outlook (2015-2022) The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 27, 2016 ) According to Publisher, the Global Autoimmune Disease Therapeutics Market is accounted for $51.2 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $82.13 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.9% during the forecast period. Rising healthcare expenditure in the region is one of the key factors fueling the market growth. On the other hand, insufficient funding in emerging countries and high cost involved in the treatment of the disease are hindering the market. Biologics drug acts as initial line of treatment due to therapeutic capabilities in controlling and treatment of different autoimmune complications. Report URL: http://www.reportsweb.com/autoimmune-disease-therapeutics-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 North America is the largest market for autoimmune disease therapeutics due to increasing incidence of different forms of autoimmune disorders, and government initiatives in the region. Europe is expected to be the second largest market due to rising healthcare infrastructure and penetration of new technologies. Some of the key players in the market include Johnson & Johnson Inc, Bayer Schering Pharma AG, Elan Corporation Plc, Abbott Laboratories, Genentech Inc, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd., Merck & Co. Inc, Amgen Inc, Eli Lilly and Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Biogen Idec Inc, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Industries Limited, UCB S.A., Sanofi-Aventis SA, Novartis AG and Shire Plc. Distribution Channel: - Drug Stores - Hospitals - Independent Pharmacies - Clinics Drug Class Covered: - Anti-Inflammatory Drugs - Biologics - Immunosuppressant's - Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs - Corticosteroids Request for Sample @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216363/sample Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt Inquire for Discount @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216363/discount What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us ReportsWeb is a one stop shop of market research reports and solutions to various companies across the globe. We help our clients in their decision support system by helping them choose most relevant and cost effective research reports and solutions from various publishers. Contact Us: Call: +1-646- 491-9876 Email: sales@reportsweb.com Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646- 491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016

null
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Pharmaceuticals and Glass Market Trends and 2021 Forecast ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass2021 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 27, 2016 ) This report studies Pharmaceuticals and Glass in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering AbbVie/Abbott Actavis Asahi Glass Astellas AstraZeneca AvanStrate Inc Bayer Bristol-Myers Central Glass China Glass Corning Daiichi Sankyo Dr. Reddy Eli Lilly FUYAO GSK GUARDIAN Hebei Window Johnson & Johnson LG Chem Merck Mylan Nippon Electric For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-pharmaceuticals-and-glass-market-research-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Pharmaceuticals and Glass in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Pharmaceuticals and Glass in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001437491/sample Table of Content 1 Pharmaceuticals and Glass Overview 2 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.4 China Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.7 India Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001437491/discount 6 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 AbbVie/Abbott 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Pharmaceuticals and Glass Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 AbbVie/Abbott Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Actavis 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Pharmaceuticals and Glass Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 Actavis Pharmaceuticals and Glass Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Research Findings and Conclusion 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Pharmaceuticals and Glass Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001437491/buy/2900 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016

Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release ERYTECH Strengthens Executive Leadership Team with Appointments of Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Business Officer By Published: Oct 27, 2016 1:46 a.m. ET Share Dr. Alexander Scheer Joins Company as CSO and Jean-Sébastien Cleiftie as CBO LYON, France, Oct 27, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Regulatory News: ERYTECH Pharma (ERYP) (adr:EYRYY) (euronext paris:ERYP), the French biopharmaceutical company developing ‘tumor starvation’ treatments for acute leukemia and other oncology indications with unmet medical needs, today announced the appointments of Dr. Alexander Scheer, Ph.D. as the company’s Chief Scientific Officer and Jean-Sébastien Cleiftie, as Chief Business Officer. “We are delighted to welcome Alexander and Jean-Sébastien to the Erytech leadership team as they both bring invaluable experience from cross-functional areas of the life science industry,” commented Gil Beyen, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of ERYTECH Pharma. “Alexander brings a wealth of knowledge in leading global R&D and drug discovery across multiple disciplines and several therapeutic areas, while Jean-Sébastien’s deep expertise in biopharmaceutical business development and financial valuation will be instrumental to Erytech as we continue to diversify our programs and address unmet medical needs of patients.” Dr. Scheer said, “Erytech’s ERYCAPS technology represents a novel approach to anti-cancer tumor starvation treatment. The company has demonstrated exceptional progress in preclinical and clinical development of multiple pipeline programs and I look forward to leading the development of these promising therapies.” Mr. Cleiftie added, “I believe Erytech is very well positioned to be a successful biopharmaceutical company. I am eager to direct the strategic initiatives necessary for continued growth of the company and its operations as it enters the next phase of development.” Dr. Scheer has over 15 years of experience in R&D and the life science industry. Prior to joining ERYTECH, he served as the Head of Research at Pierre Fabre in France, focused primarily on oncology and central nervous system research, and also served as a Deputy Head of Research at Pierre Fabre. Prior to joining Pierre Fabre, Dr. Scheer served as a Director, Global Research Informatics & Knowledge Management R&D and Project Leader, Neglected Diseases at Merck Serono in Switzerland where, among other responsibilities, he led Merck’s program to develop drugs for neglected diseases in collaboration with the World Health Organization (WHO). He also served as Head of Molecular Screening and Cellular Pharmacology Department, Group Leader of Biochemical Pharmacology and Research Scientist at Serono. Dr. Scheer holds a B.Sc in Natural Sciences and M.Sc. in Chemistry, both from the University of Gottingen, and a Ph.D. in Chemistry and Biochemistry from the German Cancer Research Center. Mr. Cleiftie brings 15 years of experience in drug development, life science venture capital, and business development and licensing within the U.S. and European biopharmaceutical ecosystem. Prior to joining ERYTECH, he served as Associate Vice-President, Global Business Development & Licensing at Sanofi in Paris, France, where he led licensing transactions across multiple therapeutic areas, financial valuation activities, and other strategic projects. Prior to joining Sanofi, Mr. Cleiftie was a Principal at Innoven Partners, a venture capital firm active as lead investor in healthcare and IT in Europe and the U.S. He was responsible for healthcare investment opportunity assessment, transaction execution, and active portfolio management, and led equity investments in a number of biotech and medtech companies which achieved successful exits. He started his career in drug development in the U.S. as a research scientist with Aventis (now Sanofi) in the fields of immunotherapy and gene therapy for cancer. Mr. Cleiftie earned a M.S. in Biological & Medical Sciences and a M.S. in Immunology from the University of Paris V, and received his M.B.A from Cornell University. About ERYTECH and eryaspase (eryasp/GRASPA®): www.erytech.com Founded in Lyon, France in 2004, ERYTECH is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies for rare forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS platform, which uses a novel technology to encapsulate therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells, ERYTECH has developed a pipeline of product candidates targeting markets with high unmet medical needs. ERYTECH’s initial focus is on the treatment of blood cancers, including acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and acute myeloid leukemia (AML), by depriving tumors of nutrients necessary for their survival. ERYTECH has recently filed for European Marketing Authorization for its lead product candidate, eryaspase, also known as ERY-ASP or under the trade name GRASPA®, following positive efficacy and safety results from its completed Phase 2/3 pivotal clinical trial in Europe in children and adults with relapsed or refractory ALL. ERYTECH also has an ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of eryaspase in the United States in adults with newly diagnosed ALL, and a Phase 2b clinical trial in Europe in elderly patients with newly diagnosed AML, each in combination with chemotherapy. ERYTECH believes that eryaspase also has the potential as a treatment approach in solid tumors and is conducting a Phase 2 clinical trial in Europe in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. Eryaspase consists of an enzyme, L-asparaginase, encapsulated inside donor-derived red blood cells. L-asparaginase depletes asparagine, a naturally occurring amino acid essential for the survival and proliferation of cancer cells, from circulating blood plasma. ERYTECH produces eryaspase at its own GMP-approved and operational manufacturing site in Lyon (France), and at a site for clinical production in Philadelphia (USA). ERYTECH has entered into licensing and distribution partnership agreements for eryaspase for ALL and AML in Europe with Orphan Europe (Recordati Group), and for ALL in Israel with TEVA, which will market the product under the GRASPA® brand name. The EMA and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) have granted orphan drug designations for eryaspase for the treatment of ALL, AML and pancreatic cancer. In addition to eryaspase, ERYTECH is developing two other product candidates that focus on using encapsulated enzymes to induce tumor starvation. The company is also exploring the use of its ERYCAPS platform for developing cancer immunotherapies and enzyme replacement therapies. ERYTECH is listed on Euronext regulated market in Paris (isin code:FR0011471135)(ticker:ERYP) and is part of the CAC Healthcare, CAC Pharma & Bio, CAC Mid & Small, CAC All Tradable, EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes. ERYTECH is also listed in the U.S. under an ADR level 1 program (OTC, ticker EYRYY). Forward-looking information This document may contain forward-looking statements and estimates with respect to the financial position, results of operations, business strategy, plans, objectives and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements, forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as, without limitation, “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “may”, “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. They include all matters that are not historical facts. Such statements, forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. Therefore, actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements, forecasts and estimates. Documents filed by ERYTECH Pharma with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (www.amf-france.org), also available on ERYTECH’s website (www.erytech.com) describe such risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements, forecasts and estimates. Furthermore, forward-looking statements, forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of the publication of this document. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement, forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto, or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement, forecast or estimate is based, except to the extent required by law. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161026006283/en/ SOURCE: ERYTECH Pharma ERYTECH Gil Beyen Chairman and CEO or Eric Soyer CFO and COO +33 4 78 74 44 38 investors@erytech.com or The Ruth Group Investor relations Lee Roth, +1 646 536 7012 lroth@theruthgroup.com or Media relations Kirsten Thomas, +1 508 280 6592 kthomas@theruthgroup.com or NewCap Julien Perez Investor relations or Nicolas Merigeau Media relations +33 1 44 71 98 52 erytech@newcap.eu Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

Breaking News Health+ Diet + FitnessLiving WellParenting + Family U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Tech Gadgets Cyber Security Innovation Nation Fashion Design Architecture Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram <div class="banner" id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0_banner"><span id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="_fwph"><form id="_fw_form_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" style="display:none"><input type="hidden" name="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" id="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" value="ptgt=s&envp=g_js&w=300&h=250&slau=300x250_sync&adUnit=300x250_sync"></form><span id="_fw_container_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="cn-shingle__ad"></span></span></div> Startups get closer to helping us live longer, stay healthier By Michaela N. Vincent, CNN Updated 7:20 AM ET, Fri October 28, 2016 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED A rape survivor's custody battle for her child Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (15 Videos) A rape survivor's custody battle for her child Inside the startup 'college' for Silicon Valley hackers Aspiring billionaires call this room home ... for now This officer has fired his weapon once in 16 years Inside a legal brothel Legal brothel owner: I don't have to recruit The racial divide of heroin The brutal world of female MMA fighters Female MMA fighter takes on Lisa Ling Female fighter must drop 25 pounds in a month Inside the largest jail system in the country Officer: I feel threatened 'on a daily basis' Inside a pickup artist camp Dealing with America's dead Who knew teen models had to do this? Story highlights Kendall Square in Cambridge is said to be "the most innovative square mile" in the US WHOOP's activity tracker helps elite athletes perform at ultimate levels Moderna's technology would allow your cells to make proteins needed to heal your body Indigo tests microbiomes in plants to feed the Earth's population, conserve water (CNN)It may not be Silicon Valley but it's where many tech companies of the East want to be. Kendall Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts, is home to 800 companies, from startups to MIT. Even Google and Microsoft have satellite offices there. Once a salt marsh and the former home of a NASA research center, Kendall Square today is known as "the most innovative square mile" in America, based on the concentration of innovative businesses in the area. Collectively, they have raised $14 billion. As Kendall Square continues to be the place where entrepreneurs and inventors are making their mark in the world, here are three game changers of the "Miracle Mile" that are using technology to help us live longer, stay healthier and work out better. WHOOP Read More Chances are you are one of the 50-plus million people who own a popular activity tracker such as a Fitbit or Jawbone. The devices have created a workout frenzy encouraging regular people to participate in physical activity, and it can become competitive. But, what about a device for those who compete for a living? Athletes. Until now, there was nothing on the market to track an athlete's training. Then WHOOP, the first scientifically-grounded device specifically designed to help elite athletes perform at an ultimate level, debuted in the fall of 2015. Worn on the wrist, WHOOP monitors an athlete's heart rate, ambient temperature, accelerometry and other vitals 100 times a second. Those factors determine an athlete's strain, sleep and recovery. Founder and CEO Will Ahmed believes that athletes may overlook those factors because there's a thin line between over training and training optimally. He says WHOOP's goal is to empower athletes and help them understand their bodies. Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Olympian Michael Phelps and several other professional and Olympic athletes have trained using WHOOP, the first scientifically-grounded device specifically designed to help elite athletes perform at ultimate levels. (Photo by Clive Rose/Getty Images) Hide Caption 1 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Worn on the wrist, WHOOP monitors an athlete's heart rate, ambient temperature, accelerometry and other vitals 100 times a second. Hide Caption 2 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' The WHOOP app allows coaches, trainers and athletes to monitor an athlete's training level. A color-coded score helps determine if an athlete should continue training or let the body rest. Hide Caption 3 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Carly Schnabel of the Northwestern swim team says the WHOOP technology allows her to adjust her training to accommodate how bad her body feels. Hide Caption 4 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' By altering the property of mRNA molecules in our cells, Moderna is seeking to create more personalized treatments to fight specific diseases. Hide Caption 5 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Moderna is "very focused on infectious disease'' in addition to studying therapies for cancer, cystic fibrosis and vascular disease. Hide Caption 6 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Scientists at Indigo have been studying microbiomes found in plants in an effort to increase food yields and water efficiency.. Hide Caption 7 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Microbes naturally found in plants have a positive effect on a plant's water stress tolerance as well as its resistance to certain insects and fungi. Hide Caption 8 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Indigo has tested more than a dozen plants in various climate conditions during all seasons. After natural microbes were added to seeds, the results showed a significant yield increase. Hide Caption 9 of 9 A digital dashboard allows coaches, trainers and athletes to monitor an athlete's training level. When training is complete, a color-coded recovery score is given, which determines if an athlete should continue or let their body rest. "When we started WHOOP we uncovered that there are a lot of biomarkers that predict how you're going to perform," says Ahmed. "Feelings in general aren't a very good predictor of your body's performance." NBA champion LeBron James, Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps and about 20 other professional and Olympic athletes have trained using WHOOP. College athletic programs train with the device as well. "We started using WHOOP in the middle of September and this is the healthiest we've been as a team," says Roy Coates, Northeastern swim team head coach. "It plays a huge factor in our success as a team." A recent study of 120 college athletes showed that when athletes used WHOOP, they gained an average of 41 more minutes of sleep and reduced their alcohol consumption by 76%. "You have to budget your time wisely because coaches can see everything you're doing," says Carly Schnabel, Northeastern women's swim team member. If you're not a professional or collegiate athlete and you want to get your hands on a WHOOP, there's good news. WHOOP announced last July that their WHOOP Strap 2.0 would be available to the general public at the end of this year. Moderna JUST WATCHED Is this the cure to cancer? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Is this the cure to cancer? 03:28 Will there ever be a cure for cancer or HIV? That's the question most of the world has been asking. One biotech company, Moderna, believes they are one step closer to finding a remedy. In fact, Moderna says the cure may be right in front of our eyes. "Your body is going to be the factory for your medicine," says Moderna's CEO Stephane Bancel. When someone becomes ill, Bancel says, it is usually due to the lack of a protein, which is then treated with a synthetic protein-based drug. However, those drugs are not always effective in curing the disease. Founded in 2011, Moderna says its technology will not only replace the missing protein but will swap it with a more natural protein. "Now we can have therapeutic proteins functioning inside cells," Tal Zaks, chief medical officer says. "And that's a huge difference." So, how will an emerging biotech startup be able to do what doctors have been unable to do for centuries? How will they change the makeup of proteins? By using Messenger RNA or mRNA. Messenger RNA is the molecules found in cells that carries the code for a particular protein and acts as a template for the formation of that protein. Moderna's technology will change the property of the mRNA molecules, then the mRNA will be injected into the body, theoretically allowing your cells to make any protein it needs to heal itself from a specific disease. "We are very focused on infectious disease," Bancel added. "Then we are trying to see if we could make personalized cancer vaccines." How Cuba is battling lung cancer with a vaccine Last June, Moderna announced a partnership with Merck to develop an mRNA-based personalized cancer vaccine with clinical studies anticipated to begin next year. Last July the company signed a deal with Vertex to create therapies for cystic fibrosis. With over $1.5 billion raised for research and development, including $20 million from the Gates Foundation to fight HIV, Moderna is establishing itself as a leader in clinical studies. An unprecedented two clinical studies are currently underway including a study with AstraZeneca on the experimental drug AZD8601, which treats vascular disease. With their ambitious work underway and the research continuing, the end results could potentially mean the end of devastating illnesses. "The next couple of years for us will be really transformational," Zaks says. Indigo JUST WATCHED Scientists grow natural supercrops to feed the planet Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Scientists grow natural supercrops to feed the planet 03:31 Ten billion. That's Earth's estimated population in 2050. That means 10 billion people will be consuming the Earth's food and water supply at the same time. In order to provide enough food and water for the population, agriculture productivity and water conservation needs to increase by 70%. Are we prepared? Tech startup Indigo says no, we are not. They however may have discovered an innovative way to meet the world's food and water needs. After studying human microbiomes found in or on the body that promote digestion and reproduction, scientists at Indigo studied microbiomes found in plants. The results showed that when added to a seed coding, microbes naturally found in plants have a positive effect on a plant's water stress tolerance as well as its resistance to certain insects and fungi. "It's almost like we've discovered a whole new organ inside of plants," says co-founder Geoffrey Ian von Maltzahn. "Now we have the tools to figure out what it's doing." After their discovery, more than a dozen plants were tested in various climate conditions during all seasons. When natural microbes were added, the results showed a 10% yield increase. How significant is that? With 75% of the Earth's food coming from just a dozen plants and five animals, that number is a game changer. "A 10% increase is a whole decade leap forward in terms of productivity," says CEO David Perry. The agricultural industry has taken notice of Indigo's groundbreaking advancements. Last July, the company announced that it received a record-breaking $100 million Series C investment. The investment will not only support Indigo's current and future research, but supports the newly launched Indigo Cotton, the company's first commercial product, which aims to increase water efficiency. Growing beyond its Kendall Square roots, Indigo is now housed in a 65,000-square-foot facility just a few miles north of its original hub. The company says it is preparing for growth -- expecting to double the size of its team as it strives to feed the world. Content by LendingTree Rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr). See if you're eligible Reverse mortgage: Worth the risk? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Vets could receive up to $42k with these VA benefits These 4 balance transfer credit cards could help you save big Paid partner content 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor $69* + U.S. fare sale into march, one way Travelzoo 4 home technology essentials Wallpaper A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card NextAdvisor $2199: Caribbean 7-nt cruise w/$400 credit & air Travelzoo Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Tech Gadgets Cyber Security Innovation Nation Fashion Design Architecture Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2016 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US markets hit by FBI probe of Clinton News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US markets hit by FBI probe of Clinton US stocks dropped with a jolt Friday after news that the FBI reopened a probe into Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state. Posted 29 Oct 2016 05:06 Updated 29 Oct 2016 05:35 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (Photo: AFP/Drew Angerer) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: US stocks dropped with a jolt on Friday (Oct 28) after news that the FBI reopened a probe into Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state. US stocks had been comfortably in positive territory prior to news that Federal Bureau of Investigation head James Comey informed lawmakers that he was restarting the probe. Clinton has been the market's preferred choice compared with Republican Donald Trump, viewed by many investors as unpredictable. Analysts said the news raises the chances of a Trump win, after weeks during which Clinton handily led the polls. "One of the things we felt more certain about over the course of the last week or two has been the result at the top of the ballot, and this probably throws that into question," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "That's not going to be good for markets." The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 8.49 points (0.05 per cent) at 18,161.19. The broad-based S&P 500 declined 6.63 points (0.31 per cent) at 2,126.41, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index shed 25.87 points (0.50 per cent) to 5,190.10. The dollar plunged against all the major currencies after the FBI announcement, but regained some territory before the close. The Mexican peso sank against the dollar but also later rebounded slightly. The Clinton news followed the release of official data showing the US economy grew at a better-than-expected 2.9 per cent pace in the third quarter, data that weighed against Trump, who has repeatedly called the economy "broken". Health care stocks were hit hard after drugmakers Amgen and McKesson both highlighted an increasingly cutthroat pharmaceutical pricing environment. Amgen slumped 9.6 per cent and McKesson dived 22.7 per cent. Other health stocks to fall included Merck, down 4.0 per cent, drugstore chain CVS Health, down 4.4 per cent and pharmacy benefit manager Express Scripts, down 6.0 per cent. Amazon sank 5.2 per cent after it reported earnings that translated into 52 cents per share, much below the analyst forecast for 78 cents, as a ramp-up in investment caught investors off guard. Chevron jumped 3.9 per cent after it reported that third-quarter profits fell 36.8 per cent to US$1.3 billion. The results bested analyst expectations and marked a big improvement over the first two quarters of 2016, when it reported losses. ExxonMobil however fell 2.5 per cent as it reported a 37.5 per cent drop in third-quarter earnings to US$2.7 billion. The oil giant warned it might have to cut its estimate of its commercially viable reserves by nearly 20 per cent due to low oil prices. Among other companies reporting earnings, Goodyear Tire & Rubber slumped 9.0 per cent, Baidu rose 2.6 per cent and Expedia gained 4.1 per cent. Google parent Alphabet was flat after reporting better-than-expected results. TROUBLED OPEC TALK HIT OIL Meanwhile oil prices were hit with a double whammy of the FBI news and uncertainty over OPEC's ability to negotiate production limits and win the cooperation of non-cartel producers. The Brent price dropped back below $50 as talks in Vienna failed to work out details of the tentative deal reached last month, although they are expected to continue over the weekend. "We've got some news out of OPEC and things are still very complicating and it sounds like the agreement to come to some sort of freeze or cut is likely not going to happen," said Oliver Sloup of iiTrader.com. European markets wobbled ahead of a raft of data and policy decisions in the week ahead. Frankfurt, London and Paris diverged, while in Asia, Hong Kong and Shanghai ended just down and Tokyo up marginally. The Bank of Japan and the Reserve Bank of Australia will deliver their latest interest rate calls Tuesday, followed by the US Federal Reserve Wednesday and the Bank of England Thursday. The eurozone releases third quarter GDP Monday, and the US releases the critical October jobs report Friday. - AFP/ec Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us US markets hit by FBI probe of Clinton AFP on October 29, 2016, 7:43 am US markets hit by FBI probe of Clinton Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US markets hit by FBI probe of Clinton - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr New York (AFP) - US stocks dropped with a jolt Friday after news that the FBI reopened a probe into Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state. US stocks had been comfortably in positive territory prior to news that Federal Bureau of Investigation head James Comey informed lawmakers that he was restarting the probe. Clinton has been the market's preferred choice compared with Republican Donald Trump, viewed by many investors as unpredictable. Analysts said the news raises the chances of a Trump win, after weeks during which Clinton handily led the polls. "One of the things we felt more certain about over the course of the last week or two has been the result at the top of the ballot, and this probably throws that into question," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "That's not going to be good for markets." The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.1 percent at 18,161.19. The broad-based S&P 500 declined 0.3 percent at 2,126.41, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index shed 0.5 percent to 5,190.10. The Clinton news followed the release of official data showing the US economy grew at a better-than-expected 2.9 percent pace in the third quarter, data that weighed against Trump, who has repeatedly called the economy "broken". Health care stocks were hit hard after drugmakers Amgen and McKesson both highlighted an increasingly cutthroat pharmaceutical pricing environment. Amgen slumped 9.6 percent and McKesson dived 22.7 percent. Other health stocks to fall included Merck, down 4.0 percent, drugstore chain CVS Health, down 4.4 percent and pharmacy benefit manager Express Scripts, down 6.0 percent. Amazon sank 5.2 percent after it reported earnings that translated into 52 cents per share, much below the analyst forecast for 78 cents, as a ramp-up in investment caught investors off guard. Chevron jumped 3.9 percent after it reported that third-quarter profits fell 36.8 percent to $1.3 billion. The results bested analyst expectations and marked a big improvement over the first two quarters of 2016, when it reported losses. ExxonMobil however fell 2.5 percent as it reported a 37.5 percent drop in third-quarter earnings to $2.7 billion. The oil giant warned it might have to cut its estimate of its commercially viable reserves by nearly 20 percent due to low oil prices. Among other companies reporting earnings, Goodyear Tire & Rubber slumped 9.0 percent, Baidu rose 2.6 percent and Expedia gained 4.1 percent. Google parent Alphabet was flat after reporting better-than-expected results. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US markets hit by FBI probe of Clinton - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Salim Mehajer shares happy snap after 'ice-cream arrest'. Man shot dead in execution-style shooting in Earlwood A man found suffering multiple gunshot wounds in Sydney's south west was reportedly a notorious gangland crime figure. Judge orders Brendan Dassey, of Making a Murderer, to be released A federal judge has ordered Brendan Dassey, who featured in the hit documentary Making a Murderer, to be granted supervised release from prison. Body found in bucket of excavator at Homebush Police are investigating after a body was found in the bucket of an excavator at Homebush. NZ Navy to help evacuate stranded tourists The New Zealand Navy is headed to the South Island help evacuate tourists and deliver emergency supplies after the region was jolted by a 7.5 magnitude earthquake. Three youths charged following robberies, two-hour high-speed chase A two-hour chase across Melbourne has come to a dramatic end, with an arrest of three youths on the West Gate Bridge. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Salim Mehajer photographed in handcuffs in Ibiza Why Hillary Clinton could still become president Man shot in leg after dashcam captures him trying to flee while cop clings to car Football star floored after fan throws exploding flare onto pitch WATCH: Oh deer! Unlikely intruder's daring escape from shop Mongoose horde invades golf course OUR PICKS Good Samaritan may lose hearing after having ear bitten off in brawl Man stabbed five-year-old girl in 'sexually motivated' attack Brisbane woman falls pregnant twice in 10 days in rare medical phenomenon 'I looked up and at that moment the branch fell' MOST VIEWED Supermoon delights skygazers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top



Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Health Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Nutrition & Fitness CANCER AstraZeneca pauses 2 cancer drug trials' enrollment due to bleeding Published October 28, 2016 Reuters Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print  (Copyright Reuters 2015) LONDON –  AstraZeneca's high hopes for cancer immunotherapy were dented on Thursday as the recruitment of new patients with head and neck cancer into two clinical studies was put on hold, following instances of bleeding. The drugmaker said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had placed a partial hold on enrolment into the final-stage Phase III trials involving two of its immune system-boosting drugs, although the studies are still continuing with existing patients. Trials of durvalumab and tremelimumab in different cancer types are also progressing as planned. Durvalumab is being tested on its own and with tremelimumab in various cancers. Expectations for the combination treatment have been building in particular in lung cancer, where the two-drug cocktail is being tested in a broad range of patients as an alternative to initial chemotherapy. News of the problems in head and neck cancer first surfaced on the website clinicaltrials.gov, run by the U.S. National Institutes of Health, which said one of the trials, known as KESTREL, had been "suspended". More on this... AstraZeneca wins FDA breakthrough status for key cancer drug Closely watched AstraZeneca cancer drug fails in mesothelioma Biden threatens funding cut if cancer trials conceal results "The trial is not suspended," an AstraZeneca spokeswoman said. "We have a pause or a partial clinical hold on enrolment of new patients." Shares in AstraZeneca fell more than 4 percent in U.S. trading on concerns that the setback might signal wider problems for durvalumab. AstraZeneca sought to play down concerns, however, stressing that pivotal data in lung cancer were still expected in the first half of 2017. It also said that bleeding was a known complication in treating head and neck cancer, given the proximity of tumors to major blood vessels and use of prior cancer therapies, which may involve surgery and radiation. Merck's rival immunotherapy drug Keytruda is already approved for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, the same condition that AstraZeneca is testing for. Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said there was some reference in the medical literature to a decrease in blood platelets, which are needed for clotting, when patients were given so-called CTLA4 drugs like tremelimumab, although cases were rare. Both Anderson and Deutsche Bank's Richard Parkes said it was unclear if bleeding constituted a real drug side effect or not. AstraZeneca said it had submitted its analysis of bleeding events to the FDA for review and would work to provide the required information to resume new patient enrolment as soon as possible. Advertisement Trending in Health 1 Doctors see surge in men seeking surgery-free double chin solution 2 Patrons, staff at Washington homeless shelter sickened by norovirus 3 Depression becoming more common among US teens 4 Check again with your doctor about statins, experts say 5 Computer-brain interface helps locked-in patient communicate, albeit slowly See all Trends Top Health Centers View All Back Pain Cancer Depression Heart Disease Pain Management Sexual Health Beauty & Skin Cold and Flu Digestive Health Nutrition Pregnancy Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In November 28.10.2016 | 12:10 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In November THOUSAND OAKS (dpa-AFX) - It looks like 2016 is going to be a relatively lackluster year in terms of new drug approvals. Only 19 new molecular entity drugs have been approved year-to-date compared to 32 approved during the same time frame last year. For the uninitiated, a new molecular entity, or NME in short, is an active ingredient that has never before been marketed in the United States in any form. Stock market showing of biotech stocks in October isn't inspiring. The NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index has slid 10.81 percent thus far this year compared to a more modest 1.16 percent drop by the broader S&P 500 Index and a 0.5 percent slippage by the Nasdaq Composite Index. The underperformance may have something to do with the widely expected U.S. Presidential results. Hillary Clinton at the White House may mean a clampdown on biotech companies, which unscrupulously price their products for life threatening drugs. Two power-packed tweets regarding pricing of drugs sent out by the Democratic Party's Presidential candidate served to wreak havoc for two pertinent companies, namely Mylan (MYL) and Turing Pharmaceuticals LLC. Even as macroeconomic headwinds remain, this time and capital-intensive industry is gambling big time over novel products and technologies, giving them the status of risky bets. In October, only 2 new molecular entity drugs were greenlighted by the FDA. The two lucky novel drugs are Eli Lilly & Co.'s (LLY) Lartruvo and Merck's (MRK) Zinplava. Lartruvo is approved for use with chemotherapy drug doxorubicin in adults with certain types of soft tissue sarcoma while Zinplava is approved to reduce recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection. However, Nicox and Egalet Corp. (EGLT), which faced the FDA in October, were not so lucky. The regulator turned down Nicox's application seeking approval of AC-170 for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis while it sought more time to review Egalet's abuse-deterrent opioid medicine Arymo ER, extending the deadline of October 14, 2016. As we head into November, it's time to take a look at the upcoming FDA decisions of the month. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Breaking News Health+ Diet + FitnessLiving WellParenting + Family U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Tech Gadgets Cyber Security Innovation Nation Fashion Design Architecture Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram <div class="banner" id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0_banner"><span id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="_fwph"><form id="_fw_form_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" style="display:none"><input type="hidden" name="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" id="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" value="ptgt=s&envp=g_js&w=300&h=250&slau=300x250_sync&adUnit=300x250_sync"></form><span id="_fw_container_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="cn-shingle__ad"></span></span></div> Startups get closer to helping us live longer, stay healthier By Michaela N. Vincent, CNN Updated 7:20 AM ET, Fri October 28, 2016 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED A rape survivor's custody battle for her child Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (15 Videos) A rape survivor's custody battle for her child Inside the startup 'college' for Silicon Valley hackers Aspiring billionaires call this room home ... for now This officer has fired his weapon once in 16 years Inside a legal brothel Legal brothel owner: I don't have to recruit The racial divide of heroin The brutal world of female MMA fighters Female MMA fighter takes on Lisa Ling Female fighter must drop 25 pounds in a month Inside the largest jail system in the country Officer: I feel threatened 'on a daily basis' Inside a pickup artist camp Dealing with America's dead Who knew teen models had to do this? Story highlights Kendall Square in Cambridge is said to be "the most innovative square mile" in the US WHOOP's activity tracker helps elite athletes perform at ultimate levels Moderna's technology would allow your cells to make proteins needed to heal your body Indigo tests microbiomes in plants to feed the Earth's population, conserve water (CNN)It may not be Silicon Valley but it's where many tech companies of the East want to be. Kendall Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts, is home to 800 companies, from startups to MIT. Even Google and Microsoft have satellite offices there. Once a salt marsh and the former home of a NASA research center, Kendall Square today is known as "the most innovative square mile" in America, based on the concentration of innovative businesses in the area. Collectively, they have raised $14 billion. As Kendall Square continues to be the place where entrepreneurs and inventors are making their mark in the world, here are three game changers of the "Miracle Mile" that are using technology to help us live longer, stay healthier and work out better. WHOOP Read More Chances are you are one of the 50-plus million people who own a popular activity tracker such as a Fitbit or Jawbone. The devices have created a workout frenzy encouraging regular people to participate in physical activity, and it can become competitive. But, what about a device for those who compete for a living? Athletes. Until now, there was nothing on the market to track an athlete's training. Then WHOOP, the first scientifically-grounded device specifically designed to help elite athletes perform at an ultimate level, debuted in the fall of 2015. Worn on the wrist, WHOOP monitors an athlete's heart rate, ambient temperature, accelerometry and other vitals 100 times a second. Those factors determine an athlete's strain, sleep and recovery. Founder and CEO Will Ahmed believes that athletes may overlook those factors because there's a thin line between over training and training optimally. He says WHOOP's goal is to empower athletes and help them understand their bodies. Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Olympian Michael Phelps and several other professional and Olympic athletes have trained using WHOOP, the first scientifically-grounded device specifically designed to help elite athletes perform at ultimate levels. (Photo by Clive Rose/Getty Images) Hide Caption 1 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Worn on the wrist, WHOOP monitors an athlete's heart rate, ambient temperature, accelerometry and other vitals 100 times a second. Hide Caption 2 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' The WHOOP app allows coaches, trainers and athletes to monitor an athlete's training level. A color-coded score helps determine if an athlete should continue training or let the body rest. Hide Caption 3 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Carly Schnabel of the Northwestern swim team says the WHOOP technology allows her to adjust her training to accommodate how bad her body feels. Hide Caption 4 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' By altering the property of mRNA molecules in our cells, Moderna is seeking to create more personalized treatments to fight specific diseases. Hide Caption 5 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Moderna is "very focused on infectious disease'' in addition to studying therapies for cancer, cystic fibrosis and vascular disease. Hide Caption 6 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Scientists at Indigo have been studying microbiomes found in plants in an effort to increase food yields and water efficiency.. Hide Caption 7 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Microbes naturally found in plants have a positive effect on a plant's water stress tolerance as well as its resistance to certain insects and fungi. Hide Caption 8 of 9 Photos: Game changers of the 'Miracle Mile' Indigo has tested more than a dozen plants in various climate conditions during all seasons. After natural microbes were added to seeds, the results showed a significant yield increase. Hide Caption 9 of 9 A digital dashboard allows coaches, trainers and athletes to monitor an athlete's training level. When training is complete, a color-coded recovery score is given, which determines if an athlete should continue or let their body rest. "When we started WHOOP we uncovered that there are a lot of biomarkers that predict how you're going to perform," says Ahmed. "Feelings in general aren't a very good predictor of your body's performance." NBA champion LeBron James, Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps and about 20 other professional and Olympic athletes have trained using WHOOP. College athletic programs train with the device as well. "We started using WHOOP in the middle of September and this is the healthiest we've been as a team," says Roy Coates, Northeastern swim team head coach. "It plays a huge factor in our success as a team." A recent study of 120 college athletes showed that when athletes used WHOOP, they gained an average of 41 more minutes of sleep and reduced their alcohol consumption by 76%. "You have to budget your time wisely because coaches can see everything you're doing," says Carly Schnabel, Northeastern women's swim team member. If you're not a professional or collegiate athlete and you want to get your hands on a WHOOP, there's good news. WHOOP announced last July that their WHOOP Strap 2.0 would be available to the general public at the end of this year. Moderna JUST WATCHED Is this the cure to cancer? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Is this the cure to cancer? 03:28 Will there ever be a cure for cancer or HIV? That's the question most of the world has been asking. One biotech company, Moderna, believes they are one step closer to finding a remedy. In fact, Moderna says the cure may be right in front of our eyes. "Your body is going to be the factory for your medicine," says Moderna's CEO Stephane Bancel. When someone becomes ill, Bancel says, it is usually due to the lack of a protein, which is then treated with a synthetic protein-based drug. However, those drugs are not always effective in curing the disease. Founded in 2011, Moderna says its technology will not only replace the missing protein but will swap it with a more natural protein. "Now we can have therapeutic proteins functioning inside cells," Tal Zaks, chief medical officer says. "And that's a huge difference." So, how will an emerging biotech startup be able to do what doctors have been unable to do for centuries? How will they change the makeup of proteins? By using Messenger RNA or mRNA. Messenger RNA is the molecules found in cells that carries the code for a particular protein and acts as a template for the formation of that protein. Moderna's technology will change the property of the mRNA molecules, then the mRNA will be injected into the body, theoretically allowing your cells to make any protein it needs to heal itself from a specific disease. "We are very focused on infectious disease," Bancel added. "Then we are trying to see if we could make personalized cancer vaccines." How Cuba is battling lung cancer with a vaccine Last June, Moderna announced a partnership with Merck to develop an mRNA-based personalized cancer vaccine with clinical studies anticipated to begin next year. Last July the company signed a deal with Vertex to create therapies for cystic fibrosis. With over $1.5 billion raised for research and development, including $20 million from the Gates Foundation to fight HIV, Moderna is establishing itself as a leader in clinical studies. An unprecedented two clinical studies are currently underway including a study with AstraZeneca on the experimental drug AZD8601, which treats vascular disease. With their ambitious work underway and the research continuing, the end results could potentially mean the end of devastating illnesses. "The next couple of years for us will be really transformational," Zaks says. Indigo JUST WATCHED Scientists grow natural supercrops to feed the planet Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Scientists grow natural supercrops to feed the planet 03:31 Ten billion. That's Earth's estimated population in 2050. That means 10 billion people will be consuming the Earth's food and water supply at the same time. In order to provide enough food and water for the population, agriculture productivity and water conservation needs to increase by 70%. Are we prepared? Tech startup Indigo says no, we are not. They however may have discovered an innovative way to meet the world's food and water needs. After studying human microbiomes found in or on the body that promote digestion and reproduction, scientists at Indigo studied microbiomes found in plants. The results showed that when added to a seed coding, microbes naturally found in plants have a positive effect on a plant's water stress tolerance as well as its resistance to certain insects and fungi. "It's almost like we've discovered a whole new organ inside of plants," says co-founder Geoffrey Ian von Maltzahn. "Now we have the tools to figure out what it's doing." After their discovery, more than a dozen plants were tested in various climate conditions during all seasons. When natural microbes were added, the results showed a 10% yield increase. How significant is that? With 75% of the Earth's food coming from just a dozen plants and five animals, that number is a game changer. "A 10% increase is a whole decade leap forward in terms of productivity," says CEO David Perry. The agricultural industry has taken notice of Indigo's groundbreaking advancements. Last July, the company announced that it received a record-breaking $100 million Series C investment. The investment will not only support Indigo's current and future research, but supports the newly launched Indigo Cotton, the company's first commercial product, which aims to increase water efficiency. Growing beyond its Kendall Square roots, Indigo is now housed in a 65,000-square-foot facility just a few miles north of its original hub. The company says it is preparing for growth -- expecting to double the size of its team as it strives to feed the world. Content by LendingTree Rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr). See if you're eligible Reverse mortgage: Worth the risk? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Vets could receive up to $42k with these VA benefits These 4 balance transfer credit cards could help you save big Paid partner content 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor $69* + U.S. fare sale into march, one way Travelzoo 4 home technology essentials Wallpaper A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card NextAdvisor $2199: Caribbean 7-nt cruise w/$400 credit & air Travelzoo Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Tech Gadgets Cyber Security Innovation Nation Fashion Design Architecture Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2016 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Back Join Now Log In Fitness Workouts Workout Videos Workout Tips Training Cardio Workout Music Workout Trends Workout Clothes Workout Gear Healthy Eating Healthy Recipes Meal Ideas Healthy Drinks Diet Tips & Nutrition Healthy Cooking Cooking Videos Weight Loss Tips & Plans Weight Management Weight Loss Foods Success Stories Weight Loss Videos Lifestyle Beauty Sex & Love Mind & Body Fit Getaways Fashion Bride Celebrities Interviews Celebrity Photos Celebrity News Celebrity Workouts Star Trainers Celebrity Videos Videos Shop Sweepstakes #LoveMyShape Shape Activewear Shape Magazine just $5.99!Join Now Search form Search Shape Magazine You are here Lifestyle / Mind and Body This Woman Got So Stressed Out She Forgot Who She Was The weird side effects of stress are all too real By Refinery29 | Oct 27, 2016 Tyler Spangler We've long known stress can wreak havoc on your mind and body. It has the potential to hurt your heart, your immune system, and even your memory. In an extreme case of stress-induced memory loss, a woman in England forgot her name, her husband's identity, and nearly everything else about her life after a nervous breakdown, The Daily Mail reports. Marie Coe, 55, was working upwards of 70 hours a week in a demanding job running an events company in the U.K., traveling constantly, all while also juggling a family and taking care of her household. One day, after she'd gone missing for 24 hours and couldn't remember anything, she asked a stranger at a gas station for help. An ambulance came, and she couldn't answer any of the paramedics' questions. After a CT scan revealed no head injuries, the doctors diagnosed her with "stress-induced amnesia,"according to The Daily Mail. This is, apparently, a real thing: Memory loss caused by extreme stress or trauma is actually "dissociative amnesia," according to Merck Manuals. It seems to run in families, according to The Cleveland Clinic. It can cause someone to forget everything, as with Coe, or it can concern specific areas of the sufferer's life. Sometimes, a person with the condition will forget who they are and go on to assume an entirely new identity without realizing it (this is known as "dissociative fugue."). When Coe's husband Mark picked her up from the hospital, she had no idea who he was. She didn't even know she was married. "It was terrifying sitting in the car with a strange man who claimed he was my husband," she told The Daily Mail.  [For the full story, head to Refinery29] More from Refinery29: 7 Very Weird Side Effects Of Stress Here's How Stress Can Make You Sick Sex Makes You More Intelligent, Apparently Search Shape Shop activity trackers running shoes dresses shoes rings wetsuits sandals ski training shoes headphones boots skin care health plus size clothing sneakers fragrances workout clothes Shop More Your Account Help Newsletter Customer Service Log In Join Now! Update Your Account Logout Shape.com Fitness Healthy Eating Weight Loss Lifestyle Celebrities Videos Sweepstakes Shape Magazine Subscribe Digital Editions Gift Subscriptions Renew Subscriptions Customer Service Advertise with Us Affiliate Program Meredith Beauty Fitness Magazine Shape Martha Stewart Weddings Mywedding Divine Caroline More Siempre Mujer © Copyright 2016, Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved  | Privacy Policy  | Data Policy  | Terms of Service |  AdChoices
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AstraZeneca pauses two cancer drug trials' enrolment due to bleeding By Reuters Published: 13:23 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 13:23 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail By Ben Hirschler LONDON, Oct 27 (Reuters) - AstraZeneca's high hopes for cancer immunotherapy were dented on Thursday as the recruitment of new patients with head and neck cancer into two clinical studies was put on hold, following instances of bleeding. The drugmaker said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had placed a partial hold on enrolment into the final-stage Phase III trials involving two of its immune system-boosting drugs, although the studies are still continuing with existing patients. Trials of durvalumab and tremelimumab in different cancer types are also progressing as planned. Durvalumab is being tested on its own and with tremelimumab in various cancers. Expectations for the combination treatment have been building in particular in lung cancer, where the two-drug cocktail is being tested in a broad range of patients as an alternative to initial chemotherapy. News of the problems in head and neck cancer first surfaced on the website clinicaltrials.gov, run by the U.S. National Institutes of Health, which said one of the trials, known as KESTREL, had been "suspended". "The trial is not suspended," an AstraZeneca spokeswoman said. "We have a pause or a partial clinical hold on enrolment of new patients." Shares in AstraZeneca fell more than 4 percent in U.S. trading on concerns that the setback might signal wider problems for durvalumab. AstraZeneca sought to play down concerns, however, stressing that pivotal data in lung cancer were still expected in the first half of 2017. It also said that bleeding was a known complication in treating head and neck cancer, given the proximity of tumours to major blood vessels and use of prior cancer therapies, which may involve surgery and radiation. Merck's rival immunotherapy drug Keytruda is already approved for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, the same condition that AstraZeneca is testing for. Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson said there was some reference in the medical literature to a decrease in blood platelets, which are needed for clotting, when patients were given so-called CTLA4 drugs like tremelimumab, although cases were rare. Both Anderson and Deutsche Bank's Richard Parkes said it was unclear if bleeding constituted a real drug side effect or not. AstraZeneca said it had submitted its analysis of bleeding events to the FDA for review and would work to provide the required information to resume new patient enrolment as soon as possible. (Editing by Martinne Geller) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In November 27.10.2016 | 18:13 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In November THOUSAND OAKS (dpa-AFX) - It looks like 2016 is going to be a relatively lackluster year in terms of new drug approvals. Only 19 new molecular entity drugs have been approved year-to-date compared to 32 approved during the same time frame last year. For the uninitiated, a new molecular entity, or NME in short, is an active ingredient that has never before been marketed in the United States in any form. Stock market showing of biotech stocks in October isn't inspiring. The NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index has slid 10.81 percent thus far this year compared to a more modest 1.16 percent drop by the broader S&P 500 Index and a 0.5 percent slippage by the Nasdaq Composite Index. In October, only 2 new molecular entity drugs were greenlighted by the FDA. The two lucky novel drugs are Eli Lilly & Co.'s (LLY) Lartruvo and Merck's (MRK) Zinplava. Lartruvo is approved for use with chemotherapy drug doxorubicin in adults with certain types of soft tissue sarcoma while Zinplava is approved to reduce recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection. However, Nicox and Egalet Corp. (EGLT), which faced the FDA in October, were not so lucky. The regulator turned down Nicox's application seeking approval of AC-170 for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis while it sought more time to review Egalet's abuse-deterrent opioid medicine Arymo ER, extending the deadline of October 14, 2016. As we head into November, it's time to take a look at the upcoming FDA decisions of the month. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Corporate News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In November 10/27/2016 11:56 AM ET It looks like 2016 is going to be a relatively lackluster year in terms of new drug approvals. Only 19 new molecular entity drugs have been approved year-to-date compared to 32 approved during the same time frame last year. For the uninitiated, a new molecular entity, or NME in short, is an active ingredient that has never before been marketed in the United States in any form. Stock market showing of biotech stocks in October isn't inspiring. The NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index has slid 10.81 percent thus far this year compared to a more modest 1.16 percent drop by the broader S&P 500 Index and a 0.5 percent slippage by the Nasdaq Composite Index. The underperformance may have something to do with the widely expected U.S. Presidential results. Hillary Clinton at the White House may mean a clampdown on biotech companies, which unscrupulously price their products for life threatening drugs. Two power-packed tweets regarding pricing of drugs sent out by the Democratic Party's Presidential candidate served to wreak havoc for two pertinent companies, namely Mylan (MYL) and Turing Pharmaceuticals LLC. Even as macroeconomic headwinds remain, this time and capital-intensive industry is gambling big time over novel products and technologies, giving them the status of risky bets. In October, only 2 new molecular entity drugs were greenlighted by the FDA. The two lucky novel drugs are Eli Lilly & Co.'s (LLY) Lartruvo and Merck's (MRK) Zinplava. Lartruvo is approved for use with chemotherapy drug doxorubicin in adults with certain types of soft tissue sarcoma while Zinplava is approved to reduce recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection. However, Nicox and Egalet Corp. (EGLT), which faced the FDA in October, were not so lucky. The regulator turned down Nicox's application seeking approval of AC-170 for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis while it sought more time to review Egalet's abuse-deterrent opioid medicine Arymo ER, extending the deadline of October 14, 2016. As we head into November, it's time to take a look at the upcoming FDA decisions of the month. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America Corporate News Naughty Dating Site Adult Friendfinder Users Exposed By Hack Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of InterOil Corp Q3 Earnings Report EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of NII HOLDINGS INC Q3 Earnings Report Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Schnuck Markets Recalls Ready-to-eat Grilled Chicken Products AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Airlines Struggle With Computer Glitch Singles Day: Alibaba Sales Skyrocket Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View <<Previous        70 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS AMGN Gets FDA Nod, Uncertainty Ends For CEMP, Clock Is Ticking For ANTH FDA Advisory Committee Narrowly Backs Cempra' Solithromycin For CAPD CEMP Loses Big As D-Day Nears, AVXS Catches Investors' Eyes, No Respite For OPXA CEMP Plunges, ALDR Promises Data In 1H 2017, AERI Withdraws NDA, AZN, CYH Abuzz Trade CEMP now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Asthma & COPD Market Report 2016-2026 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Oct 27, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article LONDON, October 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Forecasts for Bronchodilator Monotherapy (Including Anticholinergics, SABAs and LABAs), Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (Including Corticosteroids, Anti-Leukotrienes and Monoclonal Antibodies) and Combination Drugs Visiongain's comprehensive new 313 page report reveals that the global asthma & COPD market will achieve revenues of $33.2bn in 2016. Are you involved in the asthma & COPD market or intend to be? If so, then you must read this report. It's vital that you keep your knowledge up to date. You need this report. Market scope: Asthma & COPD are among the most common and debilitating respiratory conditions. Drugs for the treatment of these conditions fall into 3 main categories: Bronchodilator monotherapy, anti-inflammatory drugs and combination drugs. Visiongain assesses how these three submarkets and the 12 largest national markets will evolve over the forecast period.The competitive landscape is further illustrated with examination of the 7 market leading manufacturers. The asthma & COPD Market 2016-2026 report responds to your need for definitive market data:  • Where are the asthma & COPD market opportunities? - 248 tables, charts, and graphs reveal market data allowing you to target your strategy more effectively • When will the asthma & COPD market grow? - Global, regional and asthma & COPD submarket forecasts and analysis from 2016-2026 illustrate the market progression • Which asthma & COPD submarkets will flourish from 2016-2026? - Individual application forecasts and analysis demonstrate the prospects • Combination drugs forecast 2016-2026 • Anti-inflammatory drugs forecast 2016-2026 - Corticosteroids forecast 2016-2026 - Anti-Leukotrienes forecast 2016-2026 - Monoclonal antibodies forecast 2016-2026 - Other anti-inflammatories forecast 2016-2026 • Bronchodilator monotherapy forecast 2016-2026 - Short-acting beta2-agonist (SABAs) forecast 2016-2026 - Long-acting beta2-agonist (LABAs) forecast 2016-2026 - Anticholinergics forecast 2016-2026 To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com • Where are the regional asthma & COPD market opportunities from 2016-2026? - Focused regional forecasts and analysis explore the future opportunities - US forecast 2016-2026, - China forecast 2016-2026 - Japan forecast 2016-2026 - India forecast 2016-2026 - Germany forecast 2016-2026 - UK forecast 2016-2026 - France forecast 2016-2026 - Mexico forecast 2016-2026 - Brazil forecast 2016-2026 - Russia forecast 2016-2026 • What are the factors influencing asthma & COPD market dynamics? - SWOT / Porter's Five Forces analysis explores the factors. - Research and development (R&D) strategy - Technological issues and constraints. - Supply and demand dynamics - Competition from new product types - Increasing specialisation by leading players - Advances in product quality • Who are the leading asthma & COPD companies? - Examine competitive positioning, product portfolios, R&D activity, M&A activity, and future outlook. - GSK - Boehringer Ingelheim - AstraZeneca - Merck & Co. Inc (Merck) - Novartis - Roche - Teva • Who should read this report? - Anyone within the asthma & COPD value chain, including - CEO's - COO's - CIO's - Business development managers - Marketing managers - Suppliers - Technologists - Investors - Banks - Government agencies - Contractors Get our report today Asthma & COPD Market Report 2016-2026: Forecasts for Bronchodilator Monotherapy (Including Anticholinergics, SABAs and LABAs), Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (Including Corticosteroids, Anti-Leukotrienes and Monoclonal Antibodies) and Combination Drugs. Avoid missing out - order our report now. To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com To request a report overview of this report please emails Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com or call Tel: +44 (0) 20 7336 6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1746/Asthma-COPD-Market-Report-2016-2026 Companies Mentioned in the Report  3M Drug Delivery Systems AB Science Actavis Alcon Alembic Allen and Hanburys Allergan Almirall Apotex Ario Pharma Array BioPharma Aspen Pharmacare Astellas Pharma AstraZeneca Aurobindo Pharma Bellephron Ben Vue Laboratories BioWa BioXpress Therapeutics Boehringer Ingelheim Breath Limited Bristol-Meyer Squibbs Catalent Pharma Solutions Cephalon Ception Therapeutics Chiesi Pharmaceuticals Ciba-Geigy Cipla Circassia Pharmaceuticals CVS Caremark Daewoong Pharmaceutical Dainippon Sumimoto Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Express Scripts Forest Pharmaceuticals Fountain Biopharma Genentech (Roche) Grifols GSK Hikma Pharmaceuticals Ikaria Invion Kamada Kyorin Pharmaceuticals Kyowa Hakko Kirin Lilly Mariposa MedicNova Medimmune Menarini Merck & Co. Mylan Novartis Nycomed Omega Pharma Orion Pharmaceuticals Pearl Therapeutics Perrigo Pfizer Prosonix Reckitt Becnkiser Regeneron Roche Roxane Laboratories Sandoz (Novaris) Sanofi Schering-Plough's SkyePharma Sofotec Stempeutics Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Synairgen Takeda Pharmaceuticals Tanox Teva Theravance Vectura Viatris Watson (Actavis) To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd Oct 28, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: EOR Yearbook 2016: The Ultimate Guide To Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) Oct 24, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: Hydrogenated Hydrocarbon Resin Market Report 2016-2026 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 03, 2016, 11:02 ETGlobal Cystic Fibrosis Therapeutics Market 2016-2026 Nov 02, 2016, 10:47 ETNon-Destructive Testing (Ndt) Market 2016-2026 Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Asthma & COPD Market Report 2016-2026 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Oct 27, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Bristol hikes 2016 profit forecast as top drugs deliver, shares jump Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Thu Oct 27, 2016 | 9:18am EDT Bristol hikes 2016 profit forecast as top drugs deliver, shares jump A trader passes by a screen displaying the tickers symbols for Bristol-Myers Squibb and Intelsat, Ltd. on the floor at the New York Stock Exchange, April 25, 2013. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid By Ransdell Pierson Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY.N), whose high-profile Opdivo immunotherapy failed an important lung-cancer trial last summer, sharply raised its 2016 profit forecast after strong quarterly sales of other leading medicines. The U.S. drugmaker on Thursday predicted 2016 earnings of $2.80 to $2.90 a share, up from its previous forecast range of $2.55 to $2.65. Bristol-Myers, whose shares rose 5 percent in premarket trading, said it expects 2017 earnings of $2.85 to $3.05 per share. Sales of Opdivo, which treats melanoma and lung cancer, tripled to $920 million in the third quarter, but trailed forecasts by $27 million. Opdivo had been considered the leader among a new class of cancer drugs called PD-1 inhibitors until August, when researchers said it failed to slow progression of symptoms in previously untreated patients with advanced lung cancer. Making matters worse for Opdivo, researchers earlier this month said Merck's rival Keytruda prolonged the life of similar patients, and on Monday, it became the first of new immunotherapy drugs approved in the United States for initial lung cancer treatment. The company said it authorized a new $3 billion share repurchase program, in addition to the $1.1 billion remaining under an authorization in 2012. And it predicted flat operating expenses through 2020, which analysts said should help profit margins. "We believe today's updates should begin to address Wall Street concerns on Bristol's near-term earnings outlook" in the wake of Opdivo's setbacks, JP Morgan analyst Chris Schott said in a research note. Sales of Yervoy, an older melanoma treatment, jumped 19 percent to $285 million, $45 million above expectations, while sales of leukemia treatment Sprycel grew 15 percent to $472 million, $25 million above forecasts. Eliquis, used to prevent blood clots and partnered with Pfizer Inc (PFE.N), jumped 90 percent to $884 million, $71 million above expectations, helped by compelling clinical trial data. It was not immediately clear how much of an impact price increases had on sales of Bristol-Myers drugs. Bristol-Myers earned $1.2 billion, or 72 cents per share in the quarter, compared with $706 million, or 42 cents per share, a year ago. Revenue jumped 21 percent to $4.9 billion, about $200 million above forecasts. Excluding special items, it earned 77 cents per share, well above expectations of 65 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Despite Bristol-Myers' rally on Thursday, its shares have fallen 31 percent since the unfavorable Opdivo lung cancer data was reported on Aug. 5. (Reporting by Ransdell Pierson; Editing by Bernadette Baum) Up Next BM&FBovespa third-quarter net profit drops 85 percent SAO PAULO BM&FBovespa SA , Brazil's sole listed bourse operator, missed third-quarter profit estimates by a wide margin, with earnings falling 85 percent from a year earlier, the company reported on Friday in a securities filing. Disney promises earnings growth next two years, shares rise Walt Disney Co executives promised earnings growth for the next two years, easing investor concerns over a quarterly drop in ad sales and subscribers at its ESPN sports network, sending the media company's shares up in after-hours trading. Toshiba returns to second quarter operating profit on strong memory chip sales TOKYO Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp swung to an operating profit in the July-September quarter, driven by strong demand for NAND flash memory chips from Chinese smartphone makers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Growing up as a refugee Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy

Home Download News App Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee Good Day Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. CW20 News at 10:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team 57° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 40° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Your Vote 2016 Latest Headlines Sevierville couple loses hundreds in bizarre customer service scam Updated: 5 mins ago A Sevierville couple lost several hundreds of dollars to a new hoax that could have cost them more. They believed they were talking with a c… Pat Summitt Alzheimer’s Clinic set to open in December Updated: 1 min ago The clinic is a partnership between the UT Medical Center and The Pat Summitt Foundation. Sevierville police see rise in use of credit card skimmers Updated: 39 mins ago Group works to ensure equality in education, discipline in Knox County Schools Updated: 14 mins ago Knoxville State Street Garage accepting submissions for permanent sculpture 4:24 pm Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 57° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 57° F Wind: WSW 3 Humidity: 44% Dewpoint: 35° F Sunrise: 7:11 AM Sunset: 5:28 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Day Tennessee Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. CW20 News at 10:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings Jobs at WATE On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 57° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 40° F Bid to speed transplants with hepatitis C-infected kidneys The Associated Press Published: October 27, 2016, 4:56 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Irma Hendricks, right, talks with her physician Peter P. Reese, MD at Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) WASHINGTON (AP) — Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment: They’re agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic but two leading transplant centers are betting the strategy will save lives — if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C allow use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are under way at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the tradeoff of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a tradeoff prompted by the nation’s organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told Irma Hendricks, 66, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping the East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, woman alive but left her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. So she jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'” Hendricks said, She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. And with her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the U.S. have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. And the opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step; much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” noted Penn’s Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Vitamin D deficiency is widely overestimated, doctors warn Wife of real-life ‘Fault in Our Stars’ couple dies days after husband TNT’s Craig Sager hangs tough in leukemia battle Toddler with cancer who completed bucket list passes away Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Young Broadcasting of Knoxville, Inc. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File Jobs at WATE EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN 51° F Overcast Hi: 55° F Lo: 44° F Radar Forecast Current conditions Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Featured: Campaign 2016 HB2 Latest Headlines White supremacist site: New Balance official shoe for whites Updated: 9 mins ago BOSTON (AP) — A white supremacist website has declared the Boston-based footwear manufacturer New Balance the “Official Shoes of White Peopl… ICC prosecutor: US forces may have tortured in Afghanistan Updated: 9 mins ago THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — International Criminal Court prosecutors say that a preliminary probe indicates that members of the United Sta… 1,000+ evacuated as NC mountain wildfires grow to neary 39,000 acres Updated: 2 mins ago Nephew in ‘Making a Murderer’ ordered released Updated: 30 mins ago Fayetteville’s Special Forces Association looks to rebound from Matthew’s damage Updated: 39 mins ago Weather Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings Current Conditions 51° F Overcast Feels Like: 51° F Wind: NNE 5 Humidity: 92% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 6:50 AM Sunset: 5:07 PM Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN Search for: Search the site 51° F Overcast Hi: 55° F Lo: 44° F Bid to speed transplants with hepatitis C-infected kidneys LAURAN NEERGAARD, The Associated Press Published: October 27, 2016, 4:10 am Updated: October 27, 2016, 10:40 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WASHINGTON (AP) — Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment: They’re agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic but two leading transplant centers are betting the strategy will save lives — if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C allow use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are under way at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the tradeoff of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a tradeoff prompted by the nation’s organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told Irma Hendricks, 66, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping the East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, woman alive but left her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. So she jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'” Hendricks said, She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. And with her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the U.S. have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. And the opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step; much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” noted Penn’s Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” ___ Associated Press Writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Sunny & warm through the start of the weekend 5:30 pm Get the latest weather forecast from the CBS North Carolina weather team. NORTH CAROLINA NEWS McCrory seeking $1B from Congress for Matthew relief, repair Updated: 5 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Gov. Pat McCrory is asking North Carolina’s congressional delegation for help getting a little over $1 billion from the… 1,000+ evacuated as NC mountain wildfires grow to neary 39,000 acres Updated: 4 mins ago The Party Rock Fire, which is threatening Lake Lure and nearby areas in Rutherford County, neared 3,500 acres. Durham novelist loses bid to get murder case dismissed Updated: 5 mins ago DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — The former Durham newspaper columnist and novelist accused in his wife’s death 15 years ago has lost a bid to have his c… The Latest: SBI investigates Durham county primary election Updated: 5 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — The Latest on disputed election results in Durham County, North Carolina, after the state’s still-undecided election fo… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WNCN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Media General Communications Holdings, LLC. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Station Contact us Work at CBS North Carolina Closings Closed Captioning Terms of Use Privacy Policy Business Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC Public File email jwilliams@wncn.com EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 62° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Firefighters working to put out a fire in Ludlow Updated: 4 mins ago Firefighters are working to control a house fire in Ludlow, Monday night, on Alden Street and Poole Street. Malloy touts Connecticut homeless vets plan at White House Updated: 4 mins ago HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy says his state’s efforts to eradicate homelessness among veterans can be replicated… Trinity Health New England Bus Tour stops at Mercy Medical Center Updated: 3 mins ago ICC prosecutor: US forces may have tortured in Afghanistan Updated: 5 mins ago Army Corps wants more study on Dakota Access oil pipeline Updated: 25 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 62° F Clear Feels Like: 62° F Wind: SSW 7 Humidity: 19% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 6:40 AM Sunset: 4:29 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines MassDOT discusses plans to expand rail service in the Pioneer Valley November 10, 2016 The state will spend a quarter million dollars just to gather the data, but the entire project will cost millions. Behind The Seams of The Flash November 8, 2016 Go behind the scenes with costume designer Maya Mani! The Flash is new Tuesdays at 8/7c on The CW Springfield. Supergirl – Changing Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Nine Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Eight Scene November 7, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines Monte’s March – Fighting Hunger in the Valley 1:11 pm 26 miles and a shopping cart. Five Tips for Junior Year Success 1:15 pm When it comes to college preparedness, it’s important that you impress potential colleges with a great performance in your junior year. ‘Festival of Trees’ takes over Tower Square 1:26 pm Maintaining a healthy lifestyle this Holiday season! 1:29 pm Real Estate Minute: Are you ready to buy? 1:56 pm More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 62° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Bid to speed transplants with hepatitis C-infected kidneys LAURAN NEERGAARD, The Associated Press Published: October 27, 2016, 4:00 am Updated: October 27, 2016, 10:20 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WASHINGTON (AP) — Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment: They’re agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic but two leading transplant centers are betting the strategy will save lives — if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C allow use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are under way at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the tradeoff of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a tradeoff prompted by the nation’s organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told Irma Hendricks, 66, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping the East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, woman alive but left her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. So she jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'” Hendricks said, She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. And with her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the U.S. have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. And the opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step; much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” noted Penn’s Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” ___ Associated Press Writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 40° F 0 N Wind 29° Dewpoint 65% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:26 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 62° F 7 SW Wind 19° Dewpoint 19% Humidity 29.95" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 62° F 7 SW Wind 19° Dewpoint 19% Humidity 29.95" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Northampton 54° F 0 SSW Wind 23° Dewpoint 31% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 43° F 0 N Wind 21° Dewpoint 42% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:44 am Sunrise 4:31 pm Sunset change location Springfield 62° F 7 SW Wind 19° Dewpoint 19% Humidity 29.95" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Westfield 46° F 0 N Wind 24° Dewpoint 42% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 62° F 7 SW Wind 19° Dewpoint 19% Humidity 29.95" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 40° Holyoke 62° MGM Springfield Casino 62° Northampton 54° Pittsfield 43° Springfield 62° Westfield 46° Westover AFB 62° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home Markets World markets Stocks decline with oil as Apple tumbles on forecast; Bonds fall Stocks decline with oil as Apple tumbles on forecast; Bonds fall A barrage of uninspiring outlooks from bellwethers including Apple Inc. and Bayer AG sent global equities down. Oil slumped. By: Bloomberg | Published: October 27, 2016 5:43 AM The MSCI All Country World Index posted a back-to-back slide as oil retreated after data showed an unexpected decrease in US stockpiles was centered on the West Coast. (Bloomberg) A barrage of uninspiring outlooks from bellwethers including Apple Inc. and Bayer AG sent global equities down. Oil slumped. The MSCI All Country World Index posted a back-to-back slide as oil retreated after data showed an unexpected decrease in US stockpiles was centered on the West Coast. Yields on two-year Treasuries, the most sensitive to Federal Reserve expectations, rose to the highest since June as traders bet on tighter policy by December. Italian bonds led losses in the euro-area as a glut of supply from governments and companies weighed on the market. Equities have failed to gain momentum since the start of the earnings season as traders grapple with disappointing forecasts from behemoths including Apple, Intel Corp. and 3M Co. amid uneven economic data. Meanwhile, investors have assessed the likely trajectory of interest rates and the outcome of U.S. presidential elections, with the next Fed meeting and the vote both due in November. “Apple earnings were probably in line with expectations, but nevertheless are going to subtract from the S&P,” said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Milwaukee-based Robert W. Baird. “The markets typically trade defensively in October before an election anyway, I expect more of the same. The market is going to go lower before it goes higher. It’s going to require a springboard and that springboard requires slightly lower prices.” Stocks MSCI’s global gauge of equities fell 0.2 percent at 4 p.m. in New York, extending this month’s slide to 1.3 percent. The S&P 500 Index retreated 0.2 percent to 2,139.43, after swinging between gains and losses. Apple sank 2.3 percent after predicting holiday sales that barely topped analyst estimates amid the first annual revenue drop since 2001. The KBW Bank Index rose to its best level this year, while Boeing Co. surged after reporting a jump in profit. Among shares moving on earnings news: Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. sank to a three-year low as results missed estimates. Southwest Airlines Co. slid after saying a revenue measure may worsen this quarter. Biogen Inc. rallied after its quarterly profit topped estimates. Mondelez International Inc. rose after boosting its earnings forecast. Northrop Grumman Corp. climbed to a record after raising its earnings outlook. Akamai Technologies Inc. and Juniper Networks Inc. surged on better-than-predicted profits. Losses worsened in the Stoxx Europe 600 Index, which dropped the most in more than a week, as firms from Bayer to builder Vinci SA reported disappointing earnings. Antofagasta Plc led miners down after forecasting a slide in copper production next year. Industrial shares led declines on the MSCI Emerging Markets Index as South Korea’s industrial-goods makers fell amid speculation there will be more job losses. Bonds Treasuries fell as BlackRock Inc.’s Rick Rieder said he considers a December Fed hike a done deal. Traders are pricing in a 73 percent probability of tighter policy by year-end, according to futures data compiled by Bloomberg. Yields on two-year notes rose for a fifth day, while a gauge of the yield curve steepened as reports showed U.S. wholesale inventories rose more than expected while the service sector expanded more than forecast, boosting the outlook for economic growth. Benchmark U.S. 10-year yields rose four basis points to 1.79 percent. Italy’s 10-year yield climbed to the highest since June after the country sold inflation-linked debt due in 2024 and 2026. The selloff deepened, with similar-maturity U.K. bond yields approaching the most since the Brexit vote, after the Bank of England said Tuesday there were limits to officials’ willingness to look beyond an overshoot of their inflation target. Gilts also declined after Britain sold securities due in July 2065 via banks on Tuesday. Portugal auctioned bonds for the first time since DBRS Ltd. maintained the nation’s rating as investment grade. Germany added to the supply, selling five-year notes, while companies including Merck & Co. and Verizon Communications Inc. sold bonds. The Treasury in Rome plans to auction as much as 8.5 billion euros of debt on Oct. 28. Mozambique’s Eurobonds slumped to a record for a second day after the government hired advisers to negotiate a restructuring that at least one adviser said could involve write downs for investors. Currencies The euro advanced from a seven-month low on signs the European economy may be improving enough to reduce pressure on the European Central Bank to further ease monetary policy. The shared currency rose 0.2 percent to $1.0907. “The recent data has been positive,” said Jane Foley, a senior currency strategist at Rabobank International in London. “That helps to bring some sense of stability into the euro.” Bloomberg’s Dollar Spot Index, which tracks the currency against 10 major peers, rose 0.2 percent. Mexico’s peso slid as a Bloomberg poll showed U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump ahead of Hillary Clinton in Florida. South Africa’s rand slipped as Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan delivered a mid-term budget speech that highlighted downgrades to growth estimates, wider budget deficits and shortfalls in tax collection. The real fell as a drop in commodities outweighed optimism with another victory in Congress for President Michel Temer. Commodities Oil futures for December delivery fell 1.6 percent to settle at $49.18 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent for December settlement slipped 1.6 percent to $49.98 a barrel on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchange. Nationwide crude stockpiles fell 553,000 barrels last week, according to the Energy Information Administration. Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg projected a gain and the American Petroleum Institute data showed an increase. Supplies along the West Coast decreased to the lowest since January 2015. But the region is sometimes ignored by traders because its distribution system is isolated from the rest of the country. “This is a sloppy market,” said Adam Wise, who helps run a $7 billion oil and natural gas bond and private equity portfolio at John Hancock in Boston. “News and changes of sentiment can easily send it moving into the opposite direction. We have mixed signals from today’s data.” Copper capped its longest stretch of gains this month as a run on stockpiles boosted speculation that demand for the metal is increasing. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Donald Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office: US President Barack Obama India's efforts to protect children fail due lack of budget: Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi Donald Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Businessman surrenders Rs 6,000 crore following Narendra Modi government's demonetisation policy? Lok Sabha speaker Sumitra Mahajan meets delegates from all parties ahead of Parliament session Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Dubbing artist Bhagyalakshmi on gangrape victim's petition: Sad there is no response from Chief Minister's office Terror-hit Dhaka bakery returned to property owner Cash on Delivery Business hit by demonetisation, says Snapdeal Apollo Hospitals in expansion mode; to invest Rs 1,400-crore Wife hit by cancer, man accidentally tears only Rs 2000 note he had!  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Back To Top[*] Bid to speed transplants with hepatitis C-infected kidneys Oct. 29, 2016 - 06:54AM JST The requested article has expired, and is no longer available. Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia


PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists AstraZeneca shaken by FDA partial hold on durvalumab trial Aims to resume trial recruitment as soon as possible after bleeding side effects curb study AstraZeneca (AZ) shares started to slip yesterday after the company confirmed the US FDA has placed a partial clinical hold on a trial of its lead immuno-oncology candidate durvalumab. The partial hold - which means the trials are closed to new recruitment but will continue with the existing patients - applies to trials of the drug both alone and in combination with AZ's tremelimumab in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). It has been prompted by bleeding side effects "that were observed as part of routine safety monitoring of the phase III KESTREL and EAGLE trials," said AZ in a statement, adding that it submitted an analysis of the events to the FDA and will try to resume patient recruitment "as soon as possible". The drugmaker says that bleeding complications are known to be features of head and neck cancers "due to the nature of the underlying disease, the proximity of tumours to major blood vessels and use of prior cancer therapies, which may involve surgery and radiation". KESTREL is comparing durvalumab and tremelimumab in combination or durvalumab monotherapy to Eli Lilly's Erbitux (cetuximab) plus chemotherapy, while EAGLE is comparing the same two AZ regimens with the standard of care selected by the physician. AZ's shares fell almost 4% as news of the enrolment suspension broke late in the day yesterday and continued on the downward path this morning as investors tried to work out the significance of the announcement. The decline reflects the importance attached to durvalumab, a PD-L1 inhibitor that AZ is hoping will join two PD-1 inhibitors - Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo (nivolumab) and Merck & Co's Keytruda (pembrolizumab) - and Roche's PD-L1 inhibitor Tecentriq (atezolizumab) that are already on the market. Along with CTLA4 inhibitor tremelimumab, durvalumab is a key component of AZ's aspirations in immuno-oncology, an emerging cancer treatment category expected to be worth tens of billions of dollars a year in the future. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 28th October 2016 From: Research Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content BMS teams up with Infinity Pharmaceuticals for Opdivo study A rock and a hard place Deal Watch October 2016 Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo Opening up innovation Related Hub content Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Video: Immuno-oncology therapies Free Thinking: From promise to practice: immuno-oncology in action From promise to practice: immuno-oncology in action Part 3 - Emerging Markets Free Thinking: From promise to practice: immuno-oncology in action PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services mXm Medical Communications mXm Medical Communications meets the needs of pharmaceutical marketers and medics who require a highly experienced, bespoke service from their... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Worth it? A faster kidney transplant, but with hep C Experiment cuts years off wait for a kidney transplant if patients agree to drastic-sounding option Post to Facebook Worth it? A faster kidney transplant, but with hep C Experiment cuts years off wait for a kidney transplant if patients agree to drastic-sounding option  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2eB5bp0 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Worth it? A faster kidney transplant, but with hep C Lauran Neergaard, Associated Press 9:13 p.m. EDT October 27, 2016 In this photo taken Oct. 13, 2016, Irma Hendricks poses for a portrait with her grandson, C.J., at her home in East Stroudsburg, Pa. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Michael Rubinkam) (Photo: Michael Rubinkam / AP) Washington — A bold experiment is giving some patients a chance at cutting years off their wait for a kidney transplant if they agree to a drastic-sounding option — getting an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Betting on new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C, two leading transplant centers aim to use organs that today go to waste, a bid to put a dent in the nation’s long transplant waiting list. Pilot studies are underway at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the groundbreaking research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the trade-off of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a trade-off prompted by an organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list, but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, Desai said, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told 66-year-old Irma Hendricks of East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping her alive, but leaving her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. She jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,’” Hendricks said. She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. With her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis, and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the United States have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn physician Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. The opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step. Much larger studies are needed to prove whether more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” Penn’s Goldberg noted. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” 11 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2eB5bp0
Close Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C - Brownsville Herald: Life Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 70° Broken Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest City planning department working to update zoning laws Brownsville has changed a lot over the last several decades, though in many cases its zoning regulations haven’t kept up. Posted: November 14 rss Texas News Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines 2 sentenced to prison for disrupting Southwest flight Lawmakers pre-file bevy of bills ahead of 2017 session A look at Trump's immigration plans by the numbers Some Texas Muslims note concerns after Donald Trump election Trump starting to sound like Obama on immigration Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Seager becomes latest Dodger honored as Rookie of the Year AP New! Los Angeles Dodgers shortstop Corey Seager has been voted National League Rookie of the Year, becoming the first player in two decades to win the award for the franchise that has historically dominated the honor. Posted: November 14 Sports, Professional Baseball, Baseball More From The Latest Walker, Hellickson accept $17.2M qualifying offers Texans look to improve before facing Raiders Bears' WR Jeffery suspended 4 games for PED violation Goodman's family sold 'Go Cubs Go' just before song took off Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home Life Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C Story Comments Image (3) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Jessica Kourkounis Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C Irma Hendricks has blood drawn at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) Michael Rubinkam Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C In this photo taken Oct. 13, 2016, Irma Hendricks poses for a portrait with her grandson, C.J., at her home in East Stroudsburg, Pa. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Michael Rubinkam) Jessica Kourkounis Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C Irma Hendricks, right, talks with her physician Peter P. Reese, MD at Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) Posted: Thursday, October 27, 2016 3:31 pm | Updated: 4:00 pm, Thu Oct 27, 2016. Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C Associated Press | WASHINGTON (AP) — A bold experiment is giving some patients a chance at cutting years off their wait for a kidney transplant if they agree to a drastic-sounding option — getting an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Betting on new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C, two leading transplant centers aim to use organs that today go to waste, a bid to put a dent in the nation's long transplant waiting list. Pilot studies are underway at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don't already have that virus. If the groundbreaking research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. "We always dreaded hepatitis C," said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. "But now hepatitis C is just a different disease," enough to consider what he calls the trade-off of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It's a trade-off prompted by an organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list, but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). "If we had enough organs, we wouldn't do this," said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, Desai said, "most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are." Doctors had told 66-year-old Irma Hendricks of East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping her alive, but leaving her with no energy for even routine activities. "I call it the zombie syndrome," she said. She jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn's study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn't guarantee a hepatitis cure. "My son said, 'Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'" Hendricks said. She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. With her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. "This is giving people in my situation new hope," Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. "It makes sense to me," said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. "They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority," Cooper said. "But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don't want people to die on dialysis, and there are not enough organs available for everybody." Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone's liver. At least 2.7 million people in the United States have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it's rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS' chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn't survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn physician Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. The opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step. Much larger studies are needed to prove whether more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That's still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS' Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, "I don't think there's any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn't want to try it in other organs," Penn's Goldberg noted. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is "desperate for more donors," cautioned Hopkins' Desai. "It's a practical solution to help some of the people. It won't solve the problem." ___ Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam in northeastern Pennsylvania contributed to this report. © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Health ARTICLE: Readying for Trump, Congress faces lame duck to-do list ARTICLE: South African rhino that survived attack dies of infection Readying for Trump, Congress faces lame duck to-do list Prisons fight opioids with $1,000 injection: Does it work? Prisons fight opioids with $1,000 injection: Does it work? More about Government And Politics ARTICLE: 2 sentenced to prison for disrupting Southwest flight ARTICLE: Ginsburg acknowledges Trump will fill Supreme Court vacancy ARTICLE: Lawmakers pre-file bevy of bills ahead of 2017 session ARTICLE: Hillary Clinton wins New Hampshire after deadline to request a recount passes ARTICLE: A look at Trump's immigration plans by the numbers More about Organ Transplants Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C ARTICLE: Doctors hail China's pledge to stop harvesting inmate organs Discuss Print Posted in Life, Elections on Thursday, October 27, 2016 3:31 pm. Updated: 4:00 pm. | Tags: Health, Government And Politics, Organ Transplants, Medical Research, Diseases And Conditions, Medication, Gambling, Diagnosis And Treatment, Liver Disease, Infectious Diseases, Recreation And Leisure, Lifestyle Custom Search Site Web tab 0 tab 1 Marketplace Discount Finance & P... Brownsville, TX 78520, TX 956-621-1090 Reynaldo Pena & Asso... Brownsville, TX 956-574-0480 The Grasshopper Toba... Brownsville, TX 956-465-1532 Discount Title Loan Brownsville, TX 956-621-1238 Find Local Businesses Search Popular Searches | Browse By Category Popular Categories Attorneys & Lawyers Automobile Dealers Automobile Parts Automobile Service Beauty Salons Clothing Stores Computers Dentists Entertainment Food & Dining Movie Theaters Physicians & Surgeons Pizza Plumbing Contractors Real Estate tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Cars 1996 BMW 3181C White w/black ragtop, leather, clean, new tires $2,500 Updated: November 08 2015 MUSTANG ECO BOOST AUTO TRANS MUST SEE. posted: November 14 1994 Safari, wide body, new upgrades, $9,500. Must see to $9,500 Updated: November 07 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green The rise of the basement: Top tips fo... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 residential design trends in hardwood Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ג חשון תשע"ז   |   Monday, November 14, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Technology Betting on Hepatitis C-Infected Kidneys to Speed Transplants Betting on Hepatitis C-Infected Kidneys to Speed Transplants Thursday, October 27, 2016 at 5:18 pm | כ"ה תשרי תשע"ז (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) WASHINGTON (AP) - A bold experiment is giving some patients a chance at cutting years off their wait for a kidney transplant if they agree to a drastic-sounding option — getting an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Betting on new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C, two leading transplant centers aim to use organs that today go to waste, a bid to put a dent in the nation’s long transplant waiting list. Pilot studies are underway at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the groundbreaking research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the trade-off of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a trade-off prompted by an organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list, but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, Desai said, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told 66-year-old Irma Hendricks of East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping her alive, but leaving her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. She jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'” Hendricks said. She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. With her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis, and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the United States have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn physician Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. The opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought-after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step. Much larger studies are needed to prove whether more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” Penn’s Goldberg noted. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” Filed under: Health Print Email Gmail Related New Rules Bringing Kidneys to Hardest-to-Transplant Patients Kidneys, Cash and Caring Transplant Chains Let Strangers Give Kidney Patients New Life Police Shut Down Gang That Traded in Organs FDA Approves Breakthrough Hepatitis C Drug Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Technology Life-Saving Technology for Autos Is Here, Just Not in Most Cars Intel Launches $6 Billion Production Line in Kiryat Gat Vroom: Gov’t to Require Hybrid, Electric Cars to Make Noise Samsung’s $8B Ticket Into the Red-Hot Automotive Tech Race It’s Not All in the Genes: Clean Living Can Cut Heart Risks OP-ED A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations To Many, Trump Offered Fresh, Appealing Message Kristallnacht Lessons for the Present Sanctity of the Kosel Is Everyone’s Concern Spreading the Light of Shabbos Ripe Citrons and Ruby Slippers Reflections Of A Kohen A Time to Heal There’s a Strong Case to Be Made for Electoral College Voting as a Rational Act These Ballot Initiatives Could Help Fix Our Broken Election System Features This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Sudoku – November 14, 2016 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Mrs. Rivka Herbst (Part IV) Editorial Cartoon – November 14, 2016 Get the Point Please Do Me a Favor Independence Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 10 Cheshvan/November 11 Not So Sure מרן ה”חזון איש” זי”ע Editorial Cartoon – November 11, 2016 Weather » Brooklyn 59°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,218.40 -18.72 (-0.36%) S&P 500 2,164.20 -0.25 (-0.01%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9302 GBP 0.8001 ILS 3.8462 CHF 0.9955 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close 1 of 3 Jessica Kourkounis Irma Hendricks has blood drawn at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) Michael Rubinkam In this photo taken Oct. 13, 2016, Irma Hendricks poses for a portrait with her grandson, C.J., at her home in East Stroudsburg, Pa. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Michael Rubinkam) Jessica Kourkounis Irma Hendricks, right, talks with her physician Peter P. Reese, MD at Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) AP Worth it? A faster transplant but a kidney with hepatitis C By LAURAN NEERGAARD AP Medical Writer Oct 27, 2016 0 Jessica Kourkounis Irma Hendricks has blood drawn at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) Michael Rubinkam In this photo taken Oct. 13, 2016, Irma Hendricks poses for a portrait with her grandson, C.J., at her home in East Stroudsburg, Pa. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Michael Rubinkam) Jessica Kourkounis Irma Hendricks, right, talks with her physician Peter P. Reese, MD at Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) WASHINGTON (AP) — A bold experiment is giving some patients a chance at cutting years off their wait for a kidney transplant if they agree to a drastic-sounding option — getting an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Betting on new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C, two leading transplant centers aim to use organs that today go to waste, a bid to put a dent in the nation's long transplant waiting list. Pilot studies are underway at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don't already have that virus. If the groundbreaking research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. "We always dreaded hepatitis C," said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. "But now hepatitis C is just a different disease," enough to consider what he calls the trade-off of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It's a trade-off prompted by an organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list, but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). "If we had enough organs, we wouldn't do this," said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, Desai said, "most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are." Doctors had told 66-year-old Irma Hendricks of East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping her alive, but leaving her with no energy for even routine activities. "I call it the zombie syndrome," she said. She jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn's study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn't guarantee a hepatitis cure. "My son said, 'Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'" Hendricks said. She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. With her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. "This is giving people in my situation new hope," Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. "It makes sense to me," said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. "They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority," Cooper said. "But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don't want people to die on dialysis, and there are not enough organs available for everybody." Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone's liver. At least 2.7 million people in the United States have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it's rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS' chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn't survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn physician Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. The opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step. Much larger studies are needed to prove whether more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That's still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS' Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, "I don't think there's any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn't want to try it in other organs," Penn's Goldberg noted. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is "desperate for more donors," cautioned Hopkins' Desai. "It's a practical solution to help some of the people. It won't solve the problem." ___ Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam in northeastern Pennsylvania contributed to this report. Tags Health Government And Politics Organ Transplants Diagnosis And Treatment Liver Disease Diseases And Conditions Infectious Diseases Medical Research Medication Gambling Recreation And Leisure Lifestyle × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Berms on council agenda to prevent spills from spreading 'We'll be home for Christmas' program set for Dec. 6 Holly and Ivy event scheduled for Dec. 5-9 Fundraiser shoot to be held Saturday Registration for Christmas children assistance program Tuesday Law and Order 11-14-16 Local briefs Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Do you smoke cigars? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2016 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

null
null
Transplant experiment relies on hepatitis C-infected kidneys | CTV News Video Shows Canada World Politics Entertainment Sci-Tech Health Autos Business Sports CTV News Mobile CTV Search Search CTV News X Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links Home Headlines Diet and Nutrition Fitness Body and Mind Lifestyle Advertisement Transplant experiment relies on hepatitis C-infected kidneys Irma Hendricks, who received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, has blood drawn at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. (AP / Jessica Kourkounis) Lauren Neergaard, The Associated Press Published Thursday, October 27, 2016 4:00AM EDT Last Updated Thursday, October 27, 2016 11:04AM EDT WASHINGTON -- Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment: They're agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic, but two leading transplant centres are betting the strategy will save lives, if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C allow use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are underway at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don't already have that virus. If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys -- and maybe some hearts and lungs, too -- could be transplanted every year. "We always dreaded hepatitis C," said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. "But now hepatitis C is just a different disease," enough to consider what he calls the trade-off of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It's a trade-off prompted by the nation's organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list, but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 per cent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). "If we had enough organs, we wouldn't do this," said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, Desai said, "most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are." Doctors had told 66-year-old Irma Hendricks of East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping her alive, but leaving her with no energy for even routine activities. "I call it the zombie syndrome," she said. She jumped at the chance to enrol in Penn's study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn't guarantee a hepatitis cure. "My son said, 'Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,"' Hendricks said. She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. With her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. "This is giving people in my situation new hope," Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. "It makes sense to me," said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. "They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority," Cooper said. "But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don't want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody." Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone's liver. At least 2.7 million people in the United States have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 per cent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects -- for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it's rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS' chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn't survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 per cent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. The opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses -- typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step. Much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That's still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS' Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, "I don't think there's any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn't want to try it in other organs," noted Penn's Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is "desperate for more donors," cautioned Hopkins' Desai. "It's a practical solution to help some of the people. It won't solve the problem." ------ Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report. Related Stories In Iran, unique system allows payments for kidney donors Organ transplants have come a long way but hurdles remain Doctors hail China's pledge to stop harvesting inmate organs Photos Irma Hendricks, right, has blood drawn at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) Report Error MOST WATCHED false Cows stranded after New Zealand quake Air Date: November 14, 2016 false CTV News Channel: Investigating mid-air collision Air Date: November 14, 2016 false CTV News Channel: Chappelle hosts SNL Air Date: November 13, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More Stories from Health News Drug decriminalization would bring health benefits, internal federal study says Antidepressant and antipsychotic prescriptions up for Canadians under 18: study Depression rising among U.S. teens: study Big-dose prescriptions of opioid painkillers to 2,100 Nova Scotians 'disturbing': expert Sleep issues, skipping breakfast strong predictors of childhood obesity: study Emotional damage from trauma of childhood sexual abuse can last a lifetime Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Obama trying to convey 'weighty' duties of White House CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 9 key takeaways from Trump's '60 Minutes' interview 2 Award-winning 'Corner Gas' star Janet Wright dead at 71 3 $50M lotto winner offers hope for small-town jackpot dreamers 1 4 'Huge' opportunity for Canada following Trump's win 1 5 Sister accused of killing twin in Hawaii jailed in New York 1 6 2 flight attendants injured after Toronto-bound plane's 'evasive maneuvers' 4 7 40 km over and 4 decades overdue: Man caught speeding with expired licence 8 Pastor faces trial on decades-old sex-crime allegations 1 9 '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty 10 Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 10 Don't Miss false Ottawa benched? NHL looking at other cities for outdoor game false Cows stranded after New Zealand quake triggers landslide false 2016 is set to become the hottest year on record You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. MyHealth Videos false Brain implant offers communication for ALS patients false New program to monitor concussions at schools catching on false Report calls for better monitoring of opioid prescriptions CTV News My Health CANADA Mohamed Fahmy on writing his memoir: 'it was very traumatic' Former aide testifies Michael Applebaum was 'open to corruption' B.C. man pleads not guilty to four terrorism-related charges WORLD Turkish warplanes attack IS stronghold in northern Syria South Africa moves Pistorius to another prison Israeli minister: Trump election is time to 'reset' policies ENTERTAINMENT Award-winning 'Corner Gas' star Janet Wright dead at 71 Nephew in 'Making a Murderer' ordered released '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty HEALTH Drug decriminalization would bring health benefits, internal federal study says Antidepressant and antipsychotic prescriptions up for Canadians under 18: study Depression rising among U.S. teens: study POLITICS Liberal government to repeal section of Criminal Code on anal intercourse Trudeau affirms commitment to NATO, Latvia mission following Trump victory Trudeau to talk trade, investment to open doors in Cuba, South America SCI-TECH Google Doodle celebrates Canada's Sir Frederick Banting South African rhino that survived attack dies of infection Israel to launch major expedition to find Dead Sea Scrolls BUSINESS Two gamblers spearhead class action against Casino Rama data breach Medical marijuana producer Canopy Growth Corp. expands as client base grows Gold, energy stocks lift TSX; Dow gains for a sixth straight day to new record SPORTS After van breakdown, Jamaican bobsledders have new wheels for journey to Whistler race Canadian women drop one spot to No. 3 in the World Rugby rankings Lindros' Hall of Fame career was without compare: 'He's one in a lifetime' AUTOS U.S. government to require hybrid, electric cars to make noise Canadians need to learn of marijuana-while-driving risks: CAA Faraday Future crossover: Tesla Model X rival in the pipeline Lifestyle How to haggle: Tips on how to negotiate price cuts, freebies when shopping Defiant activists crown Miss Transgender in Indonesia Iran resort hopes relaxed rules will attract tourists CTV News on the Go CTV News on the Go: Monday, Nov. 14 Cows stranded after New Zealand quake triggers landslide Ukrainian lawmakers throw punches during parliament meeting In Pictures   Supermoon around the world Lest we Forget: Remembrance Day marked in Canada Leonard Cohen, a life in pictures Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail     Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Health Health Directory Health Boards Diets My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Obama takes thinly-veiled swipe at Hillary for losing presidency to Trump as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry' - in first post-election news conference Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his sex-obsessed lifestyle' Illegal immigrant 'crashed his car into young woman's vehicle before dragging her out and RAPING her in a ditch for two hours' Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on key alliance  'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she has many sleepless nights since leaving Fox News 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms 'I came here to kill you': Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on the roof of the building she was staying in for DAYS' Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey be set FREE after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their wedding was suddenly called off Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne this fall for a flawless complexion Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane crash following claims they were murdered  California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid jail for alleged multi-million dollar health insurance fraud She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem of her dress' REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private dealings with Viacom that helped them secure their trust Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's historic win - and word breaks just as Obama prepares to face the media before trip 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says incoming chief of staff Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers Trump could shatter a different glass ceiling by naming first openly gay man to cabinet-level post - and might pick a woman to run the GOP Previous Next Why people are lining up for organs infected with hepatitis C: Patients are betting on cure for the virus in desperate bid to move up the transplant list Patients who need a kidney transplant face years on a waiting list Two top transplant centers are offering instant organs - that have hep C Hundreds of organs infected with hepatitis C go to waste every year But these two centers think they may have found a cure for the virus They are offered patients to willingly infect themselves with hep C and hope that the new treatments result in a cure  By Associated Press Published: 10:09 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 22:30 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail 36 shares 5 View comments Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment. They're agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic but two leading transplant centers are betting the strategy will save lives - if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C allow use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are under way at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don't already have that virus.  If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys - and maybe some hearts and lungs, too - could be transplanted every year. Scroll down for video  Success: Irma Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. She is pictured with her grandson CJ at her home in East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver. Hepatitis A never progresses to a chronic infection like hepatitis B and C. But C is the only one for which there is no preventative vaccine. Spread through contaminated blood, hepatitis C tends to develop into a chronic infection after six months. The infection attacks the liver, leading to cirrhosis or liver cancer. 'We always dreaded hepatitis C,' said Dr Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research.  'But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,' enough to consider what he calls the tradeoff of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It's a tradeoff prompted by the nation's organ shortage.  More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and four per cent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). 'If we had enough organs, we wouldn't do this,' said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next How killer superbugs like MRSA are being spread around... Cancers survivors are TWICE as likely to be on... Share this article Share But, 'most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.' Doctors had told Irma Hendricks, 66, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant.  Dialysis three times a week was keeping the East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, woman alive but left her with no energy for even routine activities. 'I call it the zombie syndrome,' she said. So she jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn's study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn't guarantee a hepatitis cure. 'My son said, 'Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'' Hendricks said, She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications.  WHAT IS HEPATITIS C?  Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver.  Hepatitis A never progresses to a chronic infection like hepatitis B and C.  But hepatitis C is the only one for which there is no preventative vaccine. Spread through contaminated blood, hepatitis C tends to develop into a chronic infection after six months. The infection attacks the liver, leading to cirrhosis or liver cancer. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. And with her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. 'This is giving people in my situation new hope,' Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. 'It makes sense to me,' said Dr Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, who is not involved in the research.  He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. 'They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,' Cooper said.  'But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don't want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody.' Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone's liver.  At least 2.7 million people in the U.S. have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates.  Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 per cent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects - for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it's rare, said Dr David Klassen, UNOS' chief medical officer.  UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn't survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs.  Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 per cent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted.  The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. And the opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses - typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step; much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question.  Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment.  That's still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS' Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, 'I don't think there's any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn't want to try it in other organs,' noted Penn's Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is 'desperate for more donors,' cautioned Hopkins' Desai. 'It's a practical solution to help some of the people. It won't solve the problem.'   Share or comment on this article e-mail 36 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Progresso 40 Delicious Flavors 100 calories or less. more Today's headlines Most Read The two-year-old girl who can only SQUEAK: Emily suffers from 20 seizures a day and is unable to walk, talk... Is YOUR hospital facing the axe? Secret plan to close maternity units and A&Es is revealed as NHS tackles... Dementia is now the leading cause of death and women are the most vulnerable, new statistics reveal  Fitbit failure: Do those must-have fitness trackers really work? We put five high-tech gadgets to the test -... Counting the days until Christmas? We reveal the 7 tastiest low calorie and allergy-friendly advent... Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before... A pint a day keeps the doctor away! Regular drinking preserves 'good cholesterol' levels - drastically... Does YOUR snoring keep your partner up at night? A 3D-printed mask may make sleepless nights a thing of the... 'Do we REALLY have to pay £2,000 for a Lyme disease test?' A reader is worried his daughter may need an... Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs 'Going to the loo seemed to take hours': The newly approved prostate op that can help men turn their taps... Why meat really IS deadly: Middle-aged women who follow the celebrity-endorsed Atkins diet are at 'higher... 'I have a nightmare of being the first journalist selected to go into space': News presenter Jon Snow takes... Why you really shouldn't binge drink: Heavy drinking as a teenager puts their future children's brain... Cannabis users age FASTER than those who avoid the drug, study claims  MORE HEADLINES Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports The two-year-old girl who can only SQUEAK: Emily suffers from 20 seizures a day and is unable to walk, talk or eat for the rest of her short life Fitbit failure: Do those must-have fitness trackers really work? We put five high-tech gadgets to the test - with astonishing results  Brain training games help to prevent dementia in people at high risk of the disease - and improve their mood Toxic water panic: More than 28,000 people in New York and more than 70,000 people in Philadelphia 'exposed to cancerous toxins in drinking water' Dementia is now the leading cause of death and women are the most vulnerable, new statistics reveal  Why meat really IS deadly: Middle-aged women who follow the celebrity-endorsed Atkins diet are at 'higher risk of heart failure' Keep calm...and carry on breathing: The simple exercises that can alleviate pain and help sufferers cope with anxiety, stress and depression Record number of 'sumo babies' because parents are weaning their babies too soon and turning to pureed junk food Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs A pint a day keeps the doctor away! Regular drinking preserves 'good cholesterol' levels - drastically cutting your risk of a stroke, study reveals Cannabis users age FASTER than those who avoid the drug, study claims  New cases of diabetes have risen by a THIRD in just 10 years: Theresa May says 'more needs to be done' as a record 4.5 million now have the condition Why YOU should worry if you wake up during the night: Disturbed sleep increases the risk of having an irregular heartbeat MOST READ IN DETAIL     MORE DON'T MISS Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Chic Pixie Geldof puts on a brave face at charity fundraiser as debut album flops, selling just 197 copies in first week of release She was in good spirits Flamin' hot! Charlotte Dawson sizzles in an electric blue gilet and knee-high boots as she unveils her newly dyed ginger locks  At  salon in Liverpool  'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Dame Joan's THREE parties in one night shows her passion for life remains undimmed  At Sir David Tang's book launch SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  One is more arched than the other Peek-a-boo! Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in cropped sweater and baseball jacket as she heads out to her radio show Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended into the crowd on  Oxford Street. Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in almost three years ago Took place in New Zealand Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Making the most of the off-season Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX West decided to bundle up in multiple layers  'He gave me a little back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense' San Diego Comic-Con appearance Ready to Seal the deal: British singer 'hunts for Sydney home with girlfriend James Packer's ex wife Erica  ahead of The Voice Australia return 'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  Romantic message  'Everything shuts down around you': Devastated Michael Bublé 'will not sing again' until his son Noah, 3, overcomes liver cancer treatment  'Look at him, the chubby little chap': Strictly judge Len Goodman pokes fun at Ed Balls's weight on TV but admits fan favourite COULD win dance show Going strong! Megan McKenna and beau Pete Wicks look loved-up as they leave spa together after reuniting on TOWIE following sexting scandal TV Penelope's £500k pit stop: The stunning home that actress Penelope Keith created from scratch - before reluctantly moving on Loves Beckside House Oh dear Ed, Strictly really IS taking it out of you! Former shadow chancellor looks pale and puffy-eyed as he walks to the shops with his MP wife Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL I'm A Celebrity... get me down from here! Ola Jordan and Carol Vorderman are suspended over 32-storey building for the show's first terrifying challenge Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX The 43-year-old German was looking chic  Not your average party animal! Bindi Irwin spends time tending to a rhino... as she snubs Maxim's Hot 100 Party in Sydney after making the top ten  'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming defund  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E.  and Hustle star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 surrounded by his family after brief battle with cancer She's a low-key VIP! Jet-set Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's one of the people as she forewent special treatment Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding  Tied the knot with the gospel singer at a ceremony in Paris Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Daisy Josephine was born one month ago The Survivors scrub up well! Winner Kristie joins JL, Phoebe, Brooke and Flick in glamorous style at the Maxim Hottest 100 party Newly single Jemma Lucy flaunts her new jet-black hairpiece in a cleavage baring Instagram snap... a week after dumping boyfriend Stephen Bear Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35 million... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement That's a bit cheeky! X Factor star Joey Hadjia, formerly Joelle, shares VERY close-up snap of her pert derrière in lengthy 'body transformation' post 'Never give up': Lindsey Vonn reveals she badly fractured arm from crash during training... and even shares x-ray of gruesome injury Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Fictional photoshoot  Ham you believe it? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley oozes glamour in a plunging floral dress... before cuddling up to a pig in cute snap She's enjoying California Danniella Westbrook sues Celebrity Botched Up Bodies after 'contracting blood poisoning through the TV show's dental work' Winn-ing! Harlow flaunts her model credentials in sexy tiered lace dress and pointed stilettos for awards show in Mexico Such a hot commodity 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode He's got a baseball bat Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Arrived at an undisclosed paradise 'They turned out wonderfully!' Proud father Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards Kylie kopycat strikes again! Ariel Winter follows Jenner's style by wearing Kanye tour sweatshirt as she jets out of LAX  Had an early flight 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans She says it wasn't too uncomfortable  Hold that pose! The 'mannequin challenge' hits X Factor as super-still Nicole Scherzinger works a flexible side split... but Louis Walsh breaks the sequence Patrick Dempsey and wife Jill officially call off divorce after working hard to save 15-year relationship  They have the papers to confirm reconciliation  Who knew? Shia LaBeouf reveals his tattoos of rap legends and freestyles for nearly five minutes on radio show With host Sway Calloway 'I can't believe I'm crying!' Emotional Kris Jenner sobs as she reveals her 'biggest fear' is losing a loved one On latest KUWTK promo  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe It's not for the faint-hearted 'I'm keen to do everything he did': Robert Irwin aims to follow in late father Steve's footsteps as he's nominated for a kid's Emmy Award 'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  Previously said Trump is 'a punk,' and 'a pig.' 'I've had three!' Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to multiple nose jobs as David Parnes reveals why he went under the knife again Sizzling hot! Swimsuit model Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas We get it, you're a model! Bachelor reject Sam Johnston can't stop posing as he flirts with Olivia Phyland after admitting he'd like to get into TV presenting 'I found it!' Real Housewives Of Sydney's Lisa Oldfield celebrates finding her missing $70,000 diamond bracelet thanks to her co-star 'I hope you enjoy the read!': Bryan Cranston surprises fan by leaving free signed copy of his book at the airport Released memoir, A Life in Parts, last month John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now Big hair don't care! Pixie Lott channels retro glamour in pink floral mini dress and voluminous updo as she steps out in LA Left Disney HQ in LA What would Tiffany say? Busty Bachelor babe Megan Marx sidles up to mystery bearded man in BUDGIE SMUGGLERS at Maxim's Hot 100 party 'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets She's the cover girl for SHAPE magazine 'Goodbye to all that': Robert Redford, 80, reveals intention to retire from acting...and refocus on directing Acting career began in 1960 on TV's Maverick.  Young and in love: Lovebirds Daryl Hannah and Neil Young co-ordinate in black as they jet out of LA They looked in sync in Los Angeles Looking like a Greek Goddessex! TOWIE's Frankie flaunts her slimmed-down figure in a skimpy pink bikini for idyllic Mykonos beach break 'Dynamite recordings' of Angelina Jolie 'could dent her bid to get primary custody of her six children during bitter divorce with Brad Pitt ' She's nearly freed the nipple! Braless Zilda Williams flaunts her famed bust in a VERY sheer top... before cosying up to Bachelorette contestant Sam Johnston Harry's love in London: Pictures that shows TV star girlfriend Meghan Markle is staying with prince at Kensington Palace Getting serious  Pregnant Rebekah Vardy shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a grey top as she takes daughter Sofia to watch husband Jamie's England match Crazy cardigan! Lea Michele dons interesting high-low cardigan while out and about in LA The petite  beauty was spotted with a pal running errands  Katie Piper displays her enviable washboard abs in her first workout session after having surgery The TV personality, 33, showcased her enviably taut abs and lean legs Kate Beckinsale sizzles in saucy leather catsuit as she fiercely tears down her enemies as a vampire in new Underworld: Blood Wars trailer Is she an auntie or a stepmom? Tyga's girlfriend Kylie Jenner babysits King Cairo after Blac Chyna gave birth to daughter Dream Complicated family tree 'She's an exact copy, Pops sent us an angel': New dad Rob Kardashian gushes that daughter Dream is the spitting image of his late father in sweet snap Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Where Poetry Lives Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 Health Bid to speed transplants with hepatitis C-infected kidneys EMAIL BY Lauren Neergaard, Associated Press  October 27, 2016 at 9:33 AM EST File photo by Getty Images WASHINGTON — Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment: They’re agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic but two leading transplant centers are betting the strategy will save lives — if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C allow use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are under way at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the tradeoff of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a tradeoff prompted by the nation’s organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told Irma Hendricks, 66, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping the East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, woman alive but left her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. So she jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “We always dreaded hepatitis C. But now hepatitis C is just a different disease.” — Dr. Peter Reese “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'” Hendricks said, She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. And with her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the U.S. have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. And the opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step; much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” noted Penn’s Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” ___ Associated Press Writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Hepatitis-C transplant PREVIOUS POST Clinton and Obama: First ladies form political odd couple NEXT POST Iron deficient? These edible insects pack more minerals than sirloin steak Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Hospitals are throwing out organs and denying transplants to meet federal standards SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY The Rundown offers the NewsHour's unique perspective on the important events of the day with insights from the journalists you trust. SUBSCRIBE Receive The Rundown news blog in your inbox. SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS PBS NewsHour Weekend full episode Nov. 13, 2016 What a Trump administration means for foreign relations Trump begins building team for transition Could the Electoral College system ever change? Hollande pays tribute one year after Paris attacks PBS NewsHour Weekend full episode Nov. 12, 2016 Trump promises to make infrastructure a major focus MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Remembering Gwen 2 Do you live in a bubble? A quiz 3 PBS NewsHour Co-anchor Gwen Ifill Dies at 61 4 Read President-elect Donald Trump's plan for his first 100 days 5 Watch the PBS NewsHour Live 1 Reince Priebus tapped as White House chief of staff 2 Anti-Trump march in NYC draws thousands as other cities protest 3 Americans don safety pins in solidarity with minorities after election 4 On last foreign tour, Obama must find a way to explain Trump 5 Clinton blames FBI director for presidential election loss Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2016 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Home Issues Experts Newsletters & Trading Services Login 60% of Americans to Pay Up as Prescriptions Get Pricier Posted on October 27, 2016 by Brad Hoppmann The Obama administration said Monday that health insurance premiums under the "Affordable Care Act" will go up an average of 22% in 39 states next year. Meanwhile there will be 28% fewer health insurance providers for 2017, as major insurers like Aetna (AET), UnitedHealthcare (UNH) and Humana (HUM) withdraw from the exchange. Rising premiums in a shrinking marketplace is only one health challenge that Americans face. That’s true whether they are covered in the marketplace or through their employer, the VA or another source. Factor in the cost of co-pays, deductibles and life-saving medications, and your pocketbook is getting crushed from every direction. That’s especially true if you’re one of the 3-in-5 Americans who take prescription drugs. In fact, you may already be reeling from their skyrocketing costs. In the U.S., we now spend over $309 billion on prescription drugs every single year. That’s a rise of over 38% in just the last two years! This staggering price increase isn’t because people are using more meds, though. It’s because pharmaceutical companies can get away with charging more. And hospitals, doctors and patients who need the medicine have little choice except to pay up. Both generic and branded drug prices are increasing as well, eliminating once-more-affordable alternatives. And the most-expensive drugs aren’t necessarily new and innovative miracle cures. In fact, many are commonly used and have been on the market for decades. For Americans, prescription drugs are becoming one of the biggest financial burdens we face. Especially for retirees who could never have predicted or planned for this. You really only have two options when a medicine you take increases in price: 1. Make monetary sacrifices elsewhere to afford the new rate, or 2. Stop taking the drugs altogether and face the consequences. For most people, option two isn’t even an option. If you’ve been reading my Afternoon Editions for any length of time, you know that I am a fan of free markets, free minds and the free choice of individuals to do what they want with their hard-earned money. That also means having a healthy dose of skepticism when it comes to government solutions that come in the forms of more laws and regulations. Especially when the biggest beneficiaries aren’t the citizens themselves … Consider that Big Pharma has spent $3.4 billion in federal lobbying since 1998 — more than any other industry — to get lawmakers on the payroll and make sure no one gets in their way. One of the most-famous cases of pharmaceutical price-gouging came in late 2015. That was when Martin Shkreli, now-former CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals, raised the price of the drug Daraprim by 5,000%. Although price hikes like this have happened before, Shkreli instantly became public enemy No. 1 for his complete lack of empathy toward consumers. Unapologetic to this day, the former CEO doubled down on his decision by saying, "I would have raised prices even higher." Related story: A Smirk of Defiance, or Just Dumb Hubris? Daraprim is used to treat a rare condition known as toxoplasmosis. It is only prescribed to around 2,000 patients in the U.S. For as notorious as Shkreli has become, not that many people use Daraprim and thus were mostly affected by the increase. Then there is pharmaceutical supplier Mylan (MYL), which took the price-hiking practice much further when it raised the prices of its popular allergen injection, the EpiPen. Mylan acquired the decades-old product in 2007 when pharmacies paid less than $100 for a two-pen set. Since then, the company has been steadily raising the price of this life-saving device. Related story: Price-gouging; the Senator’s Daughter; Cover from Washington In 2009, a pharmacy paid $103.50 for a set. By July 2013 the price was up to $264.50, and it rose 75% to $461 by last May. This May, the price spiked again to $608.61. Unlike the small group effected by the Daraprim increase, 3.6 million Americans were prescribed EpiPens last year. This type of price hike has a much greater impact and has affected the livelihood of millions of families in the U.S. Meanwhile, Mylan CEO Heather Bresch’s annual compensation has soared more than 700%, to $19 million. These examples, while extreme, are far from unusual … Take a look at some of the other recent price increases involving the most-prescribed drugs in America …  Pfizer’s pain medication Lyrica jumped 45% on a per-prescription basis between 2014 and 2013, according to Medicare data.  Lantus, a popular form of insulin, jumped 41% on a per-prescription basis, reaching $403 in 2014 from $285 in the prior year.  Merck’s cholesterol medication, Zetia, had a 21% jump in per-prescription prices in 2014, rising to $290.  Abilify, used to treat a number of psychiatric illnesses, rose 17% in the last year. It’s not like this is happening behind closed doors, either. But there is something we can do about it. And it starts at the ballot box. Now, I know many of you are frustrated with what’s happening at the national political level, and I don’t blame you. However, there are state and local races where you can also make your voice heard. California is voting this upcoming November on Proposition 61, which would enact various forms of price regulation. A similar type of bill is being voted on in Ohio in 2017. If radical drug price increases are something you or a loved one have fallen victim to, please share your story with us. Happy and healthy investing, Brad Hoppmann Your thoughts on “60% of Americans to Pay Up as Prescriptions Get Pricier” Paul says: October 27, 2016 at 9:04 am I am not an American but I don’t need to face this problem because I don’t believe in drugs. At my age of 83, all i take are supplements that have made me healthy. I’ve been wondering why doctors, I suppose everywhere, never teach people to take supplements to keep healthy. There are various supplements to help prevent illness. But then, if everybody is healthy who will need the doctors and the big pharmaceuticals? Reply Gary says: October 27, 2016 at 9:55 am And one other thing. There is a legal alternative to standard health insurance that was included as an option in ObamaCare. That means that if you have this sort of sharing of medical expenses you are not penalized for not having conventional health insurance. You can read about it here: http://www.naturalhealth365.com/obamacare-healthcare-2014.html. The person who started this company three years ago is interviewed there. I don’t know enough about it to say it is financially workable or that I think that the program is for me or anyone else. Only if I see the details will I be able to endorse it. Reply Michelle says: October 27, 2016 at 10:15 am A member of my family takes Enbrel for rheumatoid arthritis. It has increased in a few years from $18,000/year to $55,000/year. Enbrel is heavily advertised along with other similar drugs like Humira. There is an increase at least quarterly and I expect this to continue. All drugs will eventually have a huge increase until the country is pushed into a recession. Corporations that self insure will have to lay off employees to pay these pharmaceutical companies. Then people who defend with the “R&D is expensive” and this is “free market” will be singing a different tune as they clean out their office and are escorted out of the building. Reply thomas says: October 29, 2016 at 11:16 am i had taken Enbrel from Amgen, but it was not discovered by them they bought out a one horse pony Co who in their labs discovered it. And that’s a fact, i lived in NJ where this was all happening, we where told to invest in this little Co because it was going to be bought out. There was soo much demand from Embrel for that only people who had been using it could get it, I was one of those people, insurance paid it all and it wasn’t that expensive. Then Amgen built a new factory to produce it, by then my doctors told me to go to Humira because one only needs to inject every 2 weeks, but later it was once a week as it lost effectiveness or my condition worsened. that;s the story folks believe it or not. Reply Mark says: October 27, 2016 at 11:07 am Forget government price controls. We need the ultimate price control and that is competition. Terminate the patent protection on drugs and drug delivery systems whenever a company violates the public trust. That will get their attention. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment 
 Name * Email * Website ← Previous Next → Brad Hoppmann Brad Hoppmann originally grew up in Florida, but has lived in Baltimore, Charlotte and New York as well throughout his career. Always an athlete, he played varsity football and water polo at the University of Florida and received All-SEC/SCC honors. → Recently by Brad Hoppmann 14 Nov How to Make $1 Trillion Disappear in a Week 12 Nov Sleep Less, Eat More? Plus, 5 More Trends Affecting Your Health 11 Nov A Financial Battle Plan to Honor Veterans 11 Nov Is There Really Power in Positive Thinking? Weiss Research Contact Us Uncommon Wisdom Daily 4400 Northcorp Parkway Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 Copyright © 2016 Uncommon Wisdom Daily | Contact | Privacy | Terms | Advertising
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists GSK's Bexsero vaccine growing fast, despite "tight" supply Meningitis drug’s sales double as third quarter results exceed expectations GlaxoSmithKline's meningitis vaccine Bexsero saw sales double in the third quarter, forcing the company to race to bring new manufacturing capacity online. The vaccine was one of the stars of GSK's third-quarter results, which benefited from the weakness of sterling but nevertheless outperformed expectations, defying critics who have called for a shift away from the company's high-volume, low-margin business focus. Revenues came in at £7.54bn ($9.21bn) in the quarter - around £300m more than consensus forecasts - driven by a "standout performance" from vaccines as well as gains for GSK's HIV drugs and a recovery in respiratory sales. For some time the back story at GSK has been the loss of patent protection for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease blockbuster Advair/Seretide (salmeterol and fluticasone). The product continued to slide, but newer drugs such as Anoro (vilanterol/umeclidinium bromide), Breo (vilanterol/fluticasone furoate) and new severe asthma therapy Nucala (mepolizumab) more than offset the decline, with total respiratory sales up 8%. Downward pricing pressure on Advair over the last few years, as well as GSK's broad portfolio of drugs, could allow it to make a compelling case to keep Advair on US formularies after the patent expires next year, according to GSK chief executive Sir Andrew Witty. GSK is also getting ready to file its much anticipated triple COPD therapy before the end of the year, which along with the rest of the portfolio "puts us in a very interesting position to have a competitive dynamic in the US," he said. Bexsero meanwhile brought in £133m in the quarter, with annual volume now running at around 10m doses this year, up from 2.5m a couple of years ago. That is making capacity "tight", said Witty, adding that the company is working hard to ramp that up so as not to put a brake on sales. Witty estimates that penetration of the vaccine is still only at around 10%, so "there is an awful lot of opportunity to go on a global basis". And with shingles vaccine Shingrix now filed for approval in the US and tipped for blockbuster sales, GSK's investment in the sector seems to be paying off, although it has suffered some setbacks as well. A few weeks ago the company ceded the US cervical cancer vaccine market to Merck & Co after withdrawing its Cervarix product, finding it was not competitive. There were some other disappointments in GSK's announcement, including decisions to terminate development of an HIV maturation inhibitor partnered with Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS) and COPD candidate losmapimod, which had reached phase II testing. Witty said the company has back-up maturation inhibitors coming through and he does not expect a lengthy delay to the programme. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 27th October 2016 From: Sales Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Back to the future GSK's blockbuster hopeful Shingrix filed in US Opening up innovation Pharma 'could do better' on social media engagement Opening up innovation Related Hub content Infographic: The vaccine opportunity in Asia Case Study: Private market opportunity for a travel vaccine Exploring the Opportunity For Halal In Healthcare PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Complete HealthVizion Complete HealthVizion is a team outstanding healthcare communications experts who provide innovative strategic evidence based solutions through scientific and commercial... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
Post Register Monday November 14, 2016 46 °F Subscribe Now | Services | Log In | Search Services | Log In News Top Headlines Local News West Nation & World Commentary Business Shoptalk People in Business Food & Home Outdoors Idaho Trails In the Woods Ticket Smart Living Sports High School Prep Stats PR Preps College Pro Obituaries Farm & Ranch Classifieds Announcements Automotive Employment Farm & Agriculture Garage Sales Merchandise Pets & Supplies Real Estate Recreational Vehicles Rentals Service Directory Jobs Real Estate Local First Events Restaurants Weather Local Deals More Legal Notices Photos eBooks Contact Us Newsroom Staff Letters to the Editor Advertising Staff Circulation Staff Printing Services Connect With Us General Transplants with hepatitis C-infected kidneys eyed Posted: October 27, 2016 4:24 a.m. Irma Hendricks has blood drawn at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) In this photo taken Oct. 13, 2016, Irma Hendricks poses for a portrait with her grandson, C.J., at her home in East Stroudsburg, Pa. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Michael Rubinkam) Irma Hendricks, right, talks with her physician Peter P. Reese, MD at Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, on Oct. 6, 2016. Hendricks received a kidney transplant from a donor with hepatitis C, and took medications after surgery that cleared away the virus and left her feeling healthy again. Hendricks is part of a pilot study testing if new drugs that promise to cure most hepatitis C could allow use of organs that today go to waste, and speed transplants to people who might otherwise die waiting. (AP Photo/Jessica Kourkounis) By LAURAN NEERGAARD AP Medical Writer WASHINGTON (AP) — Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment: They’re agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic but two leading transplant centers are betting the strategy will save lives — if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C allow use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are under way at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the tradeoff of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a tradeoff prompted by the nation’s organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told Irma Hendricks, 66, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping the East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, woman alive but left her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. So she jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,’” Hendricks said, She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. And with her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the U.S. have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. And the opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step; much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” noted Penn’s Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” ——— Associated Press Writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report. About | Advertise | Newsroom Ethics | Newsroom Staff | NIE | Printing Services | Privacy Policy Post Register • 333 Northgate Mile • PO Box 1800 • Idaho Falls, ID. 83401 Office Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:30 am to 5:00 pm Phone: (208) 522.1800 Copyright © 2016 Post Register
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Rich Peterson Kim David Andy Brownell Tracy McCray Shows Listen Listen Live Podcasts Mobile App Events Rochester on Tap Rochester Home, Vacation and RV Show Calendar Submit Your Community Calendar Event Community Engagement Request Form KROC Club Sign Up Contests and Perks Contest Rules VIP Support Closings Closings Weather Links Mayo Clinic Radio Minnesota Lottery Minnesota Twins Minnesota Gophers Power of Learning with Jim Walters City of Rochester Rochester Public Schools Olmsted County State of Minnesota Minnesota Veterans & Emergency Services Museum History Center of Olmsted County Destination Medical Center Win Stuff Contact Us On-Air Hosts Contact Info Help & Contact Info EEO Report Careers Send Feedback Advertise Community Engagement Request Form Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSS Trending: Destination Medical Center Weather Win $10,000 Cash Rochester on Tap Beer Festival Seize the Deal Auction New Experiment Involving Kidney Transplants By Associated Press October 27, 2016 4:37 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Getty Images WASHINGTON (AP) — Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment: They’re agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic but two leading transplant centers are betting the strategy will save lives – if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C allow use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are under way at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys – and maybe some hearts and lungs, too – could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the tradeoff of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a tradeoff prompted by the nation’s organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told Irma Hendricks, 66, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping the East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, woman alive but left her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. So she jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'” Hendricks said, She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. And with her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the U.S. have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects – for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. And the opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses – typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step; much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” noted Penn’s Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” Filed Under: hepatitis C | kidney disease | national news | New Experiment Involving Kidney Transplants Category: Articles Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 KROC-AM State Taskforce Studies Possible MNsure Fixes First Degree Murder Indictment in Winona Case Three ISIS Conspirators Sentenced by Minnesota Federal Judge Serious Charges Dropped in Rochester Murder Case Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts Andy Brownell Kim David Rich Peterson Tom Ostrom Facebook Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! KROC Club Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now Closings Weather-Related Announcements for Thursday March 24, 2016 March 23, 2016 5:18 PM Weather-Related Announcements for Wednesday March 23, 2016 March 23, 2016 9:21 AM Weather-Related Announcements For Monday, March 14th March 14, 2016 6:10 AM Recent Stories Vikings Still Haven’t Won Since Bye Week Break November 13, 2016 3:48 PM Gophers Playing in BTN’s First-Ever Virtual Reality-Produced Football Game Saturday November 11, 2016 3:35 PM Watch for The Super Supermoon November 11, 2016 10:49 AM 5 Rochester Restaurants Offering Veterans Free Meals on Veterans Day November 10, 2016 10:01 PM Get Ready to Save Big with Our ‘Seize the Deal’ Fall Auction! November 10, 2016 11:39 AM Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://krocam.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to KROC Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up for KROC Club Register Now Sign up for KROC Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive KROC Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook KROC Club brought to you by: KROC-AM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store AP October 27, 2016, 5:19 AM Some kidney transplants coming with big potential catch -- hepatitis C Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email WASHINGTON -- Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment: They’re agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic, but two leading transplant centers are betting the strategy will save lives -- if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C enable use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are under way at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys -- and maybe some hearts and lungs, too -- could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the tradeoff of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a tradeoff prompted by the nation’s organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, “Most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told Irma Hendricks, 66, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping the East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, woman alive but left her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. So she jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,”’ Hendricks said. She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. And with her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the U.S. have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects - for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. And the opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses -- typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step; much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” noted Penn’s Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” © 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Health Best bug sprays for fighting Zika Consumer Reports tested insect repellents and came up with the best brands for fending off mosquitoes that could spread Zika virus 7 bad habits that could be wrecking your diet If you're having a hard time shedding pounds, try adjusting these common eating habits Popular Most Popular 01 Who's Winning the 2016 US Presidential Election - Live Results 4536463 views 02 Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press 1444486 views 03 Hiker crosses paths with Hillary Clinton on Chappaqua trail 1077057 views 04 Presidential election results 2016: What time, how to watch and live stream online 1049004 views 05 President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport 839185 views Play Video Trump speaks to "60 Minutes" Play Video Trump transition Play Video House Majority Leader McCarthy Play Video Trump's conflicts of interest Play Video Supermoon flooding in Fla. Previous Next 107 Photos Trump protests 48 Photos Warren Beatty 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 7 Photos Newspaper front pages tell story of shocking Trump win 33 Photos A crash course on Melania Trump Previous Next Most Discussed Who's Winning the 2016 US Presidential Election - Live Results President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport In a stunner, Donald Trump wins the presidency Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press Thousands protest Trump victory across nation New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 49° F Broken Clouds Hi: 56° F Lo: 39° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines The right look for the job: Hair stylists give free haircuts to Buffalo’s unemployed Updated: 2 mins ago As the weather turns colder, there’s a new effort to get Buffalo’s homeless and unemployed community off the streets and back to work. Judge delays Dylann Roof competency hearing for a day Updated: 15 mins ago CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — A federal judge has delayed a hearing to determine whether Dylann Roof is competent to stand trial in the deaths of … Judge sets $0 option price for historic presidential yacht Updated: 15 mins ago ICC prosecutor: US forces may have tortured in Afghanistan Updated: 15 mins ago Local reaction to President-elect Trump’s ’60 Minutes’ interview Updated: 19 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 49° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 49° F Wind: WSW 3 Humidity: 66% Dewpoint: 38° F Sunrise: 7:06 AM Sunset: 4:52 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border Updated: 57 mins ago Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Bills refreshed after injury-plagued start Updated: 7 mins ago ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) — The Buffalo Bills are healthier and refreshed following a much-needed week off. And they may have some new faces i… Notre Dame, Baylor, UConn lead way in women’s basketball Updated: 8 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Top-ranked Notre Dame cruised to an easy win in its opener. The rest of the Top 25 didn’t face much of a challenge either. T… Duke stays solid No. 1 in men’s basketball 1:32 pm AP POLL ALERT: Duke holds onto lead in AP Top 25 men’s hoops poll; Kentucky next, then Villanova; Kansas falls to No. 7 1:02 pm Here is the Illinois Scorecard from The Associated Press 12:20 pm Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 49° F Broken Clouds Hi: 56° F Lo: 39° F Bid to speed transplants with hepatitis C-infected kidneys LAURAN NEERGAARD, The Associated Press Published: October 27, 2016, 4:00 am Updated: October 27, 2016, 10:32 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WASHINGTON (AP) — Some patients facing a years-long wait for a kidney transplant are jumping ahead in line thanks to a startling experiment: They’re agreeing to an organ almost sure to infect them with hepatitis C. Knowingly transmitting a dangerous virus may sound drastic but two leading transplant centers are betting the strategy will save lives — if new medications that promise to cure hepatitis C allow use of organs that today go to waste. Pilot studies are under way at the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University to test transplanting kidneys from deceased donors with hepatitis C into recipients who don’t already have that virus. If the research eventually pans out, hundreds more kidneys — and maybe some hearts and lungs, too — could be transplanted every year. “We always dreaded hepatitis C,” said Dr. Peter Reese, a Penn kidney specialist who is helping lead the research. “But now hepatitis C is just a different disease,” enough to consider what he calls the tradeoff of getting a new kidney years faster but one that comes with a hopefully treatable infection. It’s a tradeoff prompted by the nation’s organ shortage. More than 99,000 people are on the national kidney waiting list but only about 17,000 people a year get a transplant and 4 percent a year die waiting, according to the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS). “If we had enough organs, we wouldn’t do this,” said Dr. Niraj Desai, who is leading the Hopkins study. But, “most patients are pretty open to the idea once they hear what the alternatives are.” Doctors had told Irma Hendricks, 66, to expect at least a five-year wait for a kidney transplant. Dialysis three times a week was keeping the East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, woman alive but left her with no energy for even routine activities. “I call it the zombie syndrome,” she said. So she jumped at the chance to enroll in Penn’s study, even though doctors made clear they hoped for but couldn’t guarantee a hepatitis cure. “My son said, ‘Mom, this is a no-brainer. Just do it,'” Hendricks said, She swallowed an anti-hepatitis pill daily for three months, in addition to the usual post-transplant medications. Testing showed the drugs rapidly cleared hepatitis C out of her bloodstream. And with her new kidney functioning well, she now has enough energy to play with her toddler grandson. “This is giving people in my situation new hope,” Hendricks said. Kidney transplant specialists are closely watching the research. “It makes sense to me,” said Dr. Matthew Cooper, a transplant surgeon at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, who is not involved in the research. He cautioned that the studies should use only kidneys that are young and otherwise high-quality, and that patients must understand the risks. “They need to know you place their safety as the highest priority,” Cooper said. “But at the same time, recognize that we have these obstacles. We don’t want people to die on dialysis and there are not enough organs available for everybody.” Hepatitis C is a simmering infection that, if untreated, over two to three decades can quietly destroy someone’s liver. At least 2.7 million people in the U.S. have chronic hepatitis C. Until a few years ago, it was treatable only by medications with grueling side effects and poor cure rates. Now, breakthrough drugs promise to cure 95 percent of hepatitis C cases with fewer side effects — for people who can afford them. Treatment costs tens of thousands of dollars. Normally, hepatitis C-infected organs are transplanted only into patients who already have hepatitis C themselves, so as not to further spread the virus. Giving hepatitis C-positive organs to hepatitis C-negative recipients is allowed if the patient agrees, but it’s rare, said Dr. David Klassen, UNOS’ chief medical officer. UNOS statistics show a few dozen such transplants, mostly kidneys, last year, presumably when doctors feared their patients wouldn’t survive the wait for a healthier organ. More often, hospitals discard hepatitis C-infected organs. Reese and fellow Penn transplant surgeon Dr. David Goldberg found only 37 percent of hepatitis C-positive kidney donations between 2005 and 2014 were transplanted. The discards could have helped more than 4,000 patients during that time period, they reported in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. And the opioid epidemic is prompting a jump in donations from people who died of drug overdoses — typically young organs that, absent an infection risk, would be sought after. The small Penn and Hopkins trials are a first step; much larger studies are needed to prove if more routine use of these organs in immune-suppressed transplant recipients really works. Cost also is a question. Merck & Co. is helping to fund the pilot trials, donating its medication Zepatier, which costs $54,000 for a round of treatment. That’s still cheaper than a lifetime of a dialysis, which costs about $75,000 a year, UNOS’ Klassen noted. While the studies began with kidneys because of their demand, “I don’t think there’s any reason, if it proves safe and effective in kidneys, that we wouldn’t want to try it in other organs,” noted Penn’s Goldberg. Even if the hepatitis C-infected organs prove useful, the nation still is “desperate for more donors,” cautioned Hopkins’ Desai. “It’s a practical solution to help some of the people. It won’t solve the problem.” ___ Associated Press Writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Number of drug dependent babies in parts of WNY on track to double this year November 11, 2016 Hundreds of babies are expected to go through withdrawal this year as the opioid epidemic continues in Erie County. Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Anxiety and fear rampant among undocumented immigrants after Trump's victory Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal' Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 4:34 PM 0 Intelligent Software Solutions Inc., the largest defense contractor based in Colorado Springs, is merging with Maryland-based Proteus Technologies LLC and... Ted Rayburn: Economic uncertainty? Take a breath Colorado Springs road closed to massive sinkhole reopens after 15 months Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 4:20 PM 0 A northwest Colorado Springs road has reopened, more than a year after it was closed due to a massive sinkhole. The Chestnut Street bridge on the road between... Sports: Broncos Yes, it was all legal what the Denver Broncos did vs. Saints Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 2:39 PM 0 ENGLEWOOD — Just last month, Joe DeCamillis, the Denver Broncos special teams coach, vehemently defended the NFL rule that allows players to leap over the... Broncos-Chiefs game moved to 'Sunday Night Football' InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 6:34 AM 0 Move over, Powers Boulevard; hello, InterQuest. For 15 years, a 7-mile stretch of Powers on... New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - 3:42 PM 0 Paul Batura set out to write a book that would be a gift to his three sons, that celebrated... Latest Local Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police By: Tom Roeder - 3 min ago Denver man who spent 28 years in prison acquitted of rape By: SADIE GURMAN, Associated Press - 37 min ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman By: The Denver Post - 52 min ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area By: the gazette email@gazette.com - 1 hr ago Bar set high environmentally for new Pikes Peak Summit House By: Billie Stanton Anleu - 1 hr ago Anti-Trump protests held Sunday in Colorado Springs By: Jessica Leicht, KKTV - 1 hr ago Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile By: The Associated Press - 1 hr ago Top Stories Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 6 min ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty By: The Associated Press - 9 min ago Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment By: MATTHEW DALY and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 12 min ago Smoked pot? No college? The police still might hire you By: DAVE COLLINS and LISA MARIE PANE, Associated Press - 27 min ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans By: Gazette readers - 30 min ago Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard to undergo season-ending surgery By: News services - 34 min ago Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts By: STEVE PEOPLES and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 55 min ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer win 4A state title in Volleyball AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 15 fascinating presidential facts you probably don't know 10 great political films for a stranger-than-fiction race Cubs win the World Series 50th Country Music Awards D'Evelyn 3, Cheyenne Mountain 2 Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 32 min ago Denver man who spent 28 years in prison acquitted of rape 47 min ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman 1 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area 1 hr ago Bar set high environmentally for new Pikes Peak Summit House 1 hr ago Anti-Trump protests held Sunday in Colorado Springs 1 hr ago Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile 2 hr ago New place for Mexican dining in Colorado Springs a bit hidden Most Read InterQuest area on Colorado Springs' north side poised to become development hub Trump names top aides, says he’ll move quickly to deport up to 3 million people SNL’s first-post election show had an entirely serious cold open Colorado Springs road closed to massive sinkhole reopens after 15 months Man at large after speeding away from Colorado Springs police, slamming tree Chili’s apologizes after manager takes back free meal on Veterans Day Ex-sheriff Maketa will attempt to have charges against him dropped Monday Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may do Sports 32 min ago Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard to undergo season-ending surgery 7 hr ago Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou 7 hr ago Rask stops 21 shots, Bruins beat Avalanche 7 hr ago Colorado moves up four spots in Top 25 with Washington State showdown next 9 hr ago The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title 18 hr ago Air Force hoops freshmen hope to capitalize on more early opportunities 18 hr ago Subplots we watched in the Air Force football game Business 1 min ago Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines 23 min ago SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration 31 min ago PetSmart fined for not reporting injury-causing fish bowls 31 min ago HP Enterprise ordered to keep working on Rhode Island system 1 hr ago US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains 1 hr ago Dodge truck owners accuse Chrysler of VW-like cheating 1 hr ago Samsung to buy Harman for $8 billion in bold autos gambit Opinion 26 min ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans 2 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future Mon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religion Yesterday EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may do Sun, Nov 13, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOP Fri, Nov 11, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean water Elections 5 hr ago Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Yesterday Weighing the potential of a Trump presidency from a military point of view Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Donald Trump on '60 Minutes': Hillary Clinton 'couldn't have been nicer' Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Safety pin campaign signals post-election support for minorities Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Zuckerberg: 'Crazy' to say Facebook influenced election Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Denver students leave class to protest Trump Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Ann Coulter: "Without fat girls, there would be no protests" Around the Web 8 min ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty 1 hr ago Critics jab 'safety pin' campaign amid Trump presidency fear 4 hr ago Chili’s apologizes after manager takes back free meal on Veterans Day 9 hr ago Trump names top aides, says he’ll move quickly to deport up to 3 million people Yesterday SNL’s first-post election show had an entirely serious cold open Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Facebook accidentally 'killed' a bunch of people, including Mark Zuckerberg Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Former AFA player Gregg Popovich uncensored: Full transcript of thoughts on Donald Trump Sponsored Content 7 things to do if you're hurt in a game day car accident Latest Videos Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Priebus Tapped as White House Chief of Staff Raw: Anniversary of Attacks Marked Across Paris Air Force defenseman Matt Koch on Saturday's home win over RIT The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title Recovery Through Sport in Colorado Springs Saluting our Veterans on Veterans Day Get A Job Monday: Spoiler Dude wants You! Group Embraces Veterans with Handmade Tribute Raw: Second Night of NYC Anti-Trump Protests Sports Latest Sports Rapids goalkeeper Tim Howard to undergo season-ending surgery30 min ago Rask stops 21 shots, Bruins beat Avalanche7 hr ago Colorado moves up four spots in Top 25 with Washington State showdown next7 hr ago The Classical Academy romps to its first boys' soccer state title9 hr ago Broncos Paul Klee: Broncos shock Saints on Block in the Bayou7 hr ago Woody Paige: Denver Broncos' victory akin to Mississippi River flowing north22 hr ago Woody Paige: Broncos should have lured Drew Brees to DenverYesterday Paul Klee: Von Miller: Broncos in 'tough patch' at New OrleansSat, Nov 12, 2016 Photo Galleries Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer win 4A state title in Volleyball AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Cubs win the World Series Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may doYesterday Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOPSat, Nov 12, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean waterFri, Nov 11, 2016 EDITORIAL: With variety of choices, voters opt to have balance in ColoradoThu, Nov 10, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans29 min ago LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religionMon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: The people have spoken; 2016 has been an amazing yearFri, Nov 11, 2016 LETTERS: Background on "A Look Back" photo; we will move onThu, Nov 10, 2016 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future2 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preachSun, Nov 13, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Old soldiers continue to fight their wars and rememberFri, Nov 11, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Pioneering spirit fueled Air Guard 'firsts' and path to F-35Fri, Nov 11, 2016 Local News Local News Denver man who spent 28 years in prison acquitted of rape36 min ago Bar set high environmentally for new Pikes Peak Summit House1 hr ago Anti-Trump protests held Sunday in Colorado Springs1 hr ago Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile1 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado to test taxing drivers per mile1 hr ago Turnover among El Paso County commissioners could end long-standing division9 hr ago This Week: Meetings and events around Colorado Springs9 hr ago Biggest election night winners and losers in Colorado: Business, unions and the Catholic ChurchFri, Nov 11, 2016 Local Business Colorado Springs' Norris-Penrose aims for year-round exhibitions with renovation of indoor arenaSat, Nov 12, 2016 Colorado Springs business a finalist in video contestFri, Nov 11, 2016 Economist: Cybersecurity industry trying to fill 450 jobs in Colorado SpringsFri, Nov 11, 2016 Beefed-up equipment has Colorado Springs Airport ready for winter weatherFri, Nov 11, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts2 min ago Police: Missouri father shoved fingers down infant's throat2 min ago 2 sentenced to prison for disrupting Southwest flight11 min ago The Latest: Enhanced video shown in man's shooting death12 min ago Military Bergdahl: Firefight recalled in search for missing soldier1 hr ago The Latest: Missing diver's body found near Manhattan Beach1 hr ago The Latest: Trump, Putin talk about better relations1 hr ago The Latest: Soldiers recall firefight in search for Bergdahl1 hr ago Blogs Another Arizona State hockey arena deal brewing4 hr ago Ramsey Rapid Reaction: 3 reasons why Broncos survived SaintsYesterday Air Force notebook: Falcons praise Colorado State receiverYesterday Pregame: Two AFA, RIT players suspended for Saturday's gameSat, Nov 12, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man on the loose after jumping out window, chase with Colorado Springs police0 min ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman48 min ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area1 hr ago Colorado Springs police find shooting victim but no crime scene8 hr ago National Crime California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrested2 hr ago Alaska officer 'ambushed' and shot multiple times, police saySat, Nov 12, 2016 Successful real-estate firm built during hidden crime spreeSat, Nov 12, 2016 Principal of Denver metro high school arrested, suspendedFri, Nov 11, 2016 Life Life 125 Colorado Springs-area holiday events3 hr ago New luxury hotels coming to Vail, Telluride and Taos7 hr ago Colorado Springs area literary events starting Nov. 14, 2016Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Ceramic artists ride design's trend toward the handcraftedMon, Nov 14, 2016 Arts and Entertainment '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty5 min ago Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs2 hr ago Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal'2 hr ago Rocker Leon Russell dies in Nashville20 hr ago Religion Parallel lives? Trump and BerlusconiSat, Nov 12, 2016 Muslim Americans reassure their children and prepare for a new dayFri, Nov 11, 2016 Pope Francis meets ex-priests in gesture of mercyFri, Nov 11, 2016 On Veterans Day, a chaplain’s saluteFri, Nov 11, 2016 National National Politics Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts4 min ago Civil rights group wary of incoming Trump administration6 min ago Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment10 min ago SD-YouthMinimumWage-All,10019 min ago National Business Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway invests in major airlines0 min ago SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration22 min ago PetSmart fined for not reporting injury-causing fish bowls30 min ago HP Enterprise ordered to keep working on Rhode Island system30 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Global Animal Healthcare Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2022 - Industry Insights by Product, by Animal Type News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 26, 2016, 20:52 ET Share this article LONDON, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The global animal healthcare market is driven by increasing trend of pet adoption, and growing global consumption of meat and milk. The adoption of western culture and changing lifestyle in the developing countries, such as India and China, has increased the adoption of pet animals, which supports the growth of the animal healthcare market. Pet ownership is considered as status symbol in the developing countries. Cats and dogs are adopted by people for psychological and therapeutic benefits. The evolution of new animal diseases offers untapped opportunities for the animal healthcare market. One such disease is porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV), which is caused by corona virus, and leads to infection within the cell lining in the small intestine of pigs. The trend of adopting pets is increasing globally, which is supporting the growth of the global animal healthcare market to some extent. The adoption of western culture and changing lifestyles in the developing countries, such as India and China, has increased the adoption of pet animals. One of the major status symbols observed in the developing countries is pet ownership. The American Psychological Association published a survey in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology in 2011, which shows that dog and cat owners in the U.S. were observed to be healthier, happier, and well-organized, in comparison to the non-owners. The dog and cat owners were also mentally more conscientious, balanced, extraverted, and less fearful. Dogs are also kept for thief detection and security reasons. Due to the growing population of the U.S., pet ownership doubled from 65 million households in 1970 and reached approximately 160 million households in 2012. According to the American Pet Products Association (APPA), in 2012, 47% of the total households had at least one dog within their families in the U.S. There were also 83.3 million owned-dogs within the country in the same year. Additionally, there were 46% of the total households having at least one cat, and 96 million owned-cats in the country in 2012. Australia is one of the countries having the highest rate of pet ownership globally. According to the Australian Veterinary Association, in 2013, there were 4.2 million dogs and 3.3 million cats accounting for 39% and 29% market shares respectively in the country. Approximately 27% of the dogs and 20% of the cats in the country have been insured with health insurance by their owners. Some of the transmissible diseases, such as zoonosis, in vertebrate animals can be transferred indirectly or directly to humans. If consumers digest worm through undercooked or raw infected fish, they can get infected with anisakiasis. In animals, food borne zoonotic diseases are spread due to consuming food or water contaminated with pathogenic microorganism, such as campylobacter, brucellosis, listeria, parasites, anisakiasis, and salmonella. The increasing prevalence of zoonotic and food borne diseases has raised the concern of animal farm owners and pet owners for the health of their animals. In the U.S. and other countries, brucellosis (bacterial infection) is increasing, which causes still birth or abortion in animals. The bacterial infection generally affects goats and livestock animals, such as cows and sheep. According to the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), about 320,000 cases of zoonotic and food borne diseases are registered every year in the European Union. The most common zoonosis observed in animals is campylobacteriosis, which affected around 220,000 people in 2012 in the European Union (EU) countries. Due to animal care initiatives taken by the animal owning population in the European Union countries, the salmonellosis cases in humans had decreased by 5.4% during 2010-2012. Some of the major companies operating in the global animal healthcare market include Zoetis, Merck, Merial, Bayer, Virbac, Ceva Sante Animal S.A., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Elanco, and Vetoquinol. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3861598/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-animal-healthcare-market-size-share-development-growth-and-demand-forecast-to-2022---industry-insights-by-product-by-animal-type-300352229.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Oct 26, 2016, 20:52 ET Preview: Frontier Pharma: Schizophrenia and Associated Indications - Small but Diverse Range of First-in-Class Molecular Targets Hold Promise for Treatment of Negative and Cognitive Symptoms Oct 26, 2016, 20:52 ET Preview: Development and Market of General Aviation in Globe and China 2015-2020 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 21:48 ETModular Data Center Market by Functional Module Solution,... Nov 10, 2016, 21:21 ETPhilippines Dental Care Market Outlook to 2019 - Increasing... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Animals & Pets Surveys, Polls and Research Animal Welfare You just read: Global Animal Healthcare Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2022 - Industry Insights by Product, by Animal Type News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 26, 2016, 20:52 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
