ALL SECTIONS Monday May 8, 2017 HIDE NEWS TOP STORIES NATIONAL WORLD NEWS PINOY ABROAD FEATURES OPINION EDITORIAL COLUMNS SOUNDBYTES LGUs NCR LUZON VIZAYAS MINDANAO BUSINESS CORPORATE ECONOMY & TRADE STOCKS MONEY AGRI & MINING POWER & TECH BIZ PLUS COLUMNS SPORTS BASKETBALL VOLLEYBALL FIGHTSPORTS ACTIVE SPORTS PLUS STUFFS COLUMNS ENTERTAINMENT TV & MOVIES CELEBRITY PROFILES MUSIC & CONCERTS DIGITAL MEDIA COLUMNS LIFESTYLE FOOD CULTURE & MEDIA FASHION HEALTH AND HOME LEISURE SHOPPING COLUMNS POP.LIFE NEWSMAKERS HANGOUTS A-POP POST ITS PERFORMANCES MALLS & BAZAARS HOBBIES & COLLECTIONS TECHNOLOGY GADGETS COMPUTERS BUSINESS TECH PLUS WHEELS & MORE SEDAN SUV TRUCK BIKE ACCESSORIES MOTORING PLUS COMMUTER'S CORNER HOME & DESIGN RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION INTERIOR SPOTLIGHT GALLERY PHOTOS VIDEOS EVENTS SEMINARS EXHIBITS COMMUNITY ADVERTISE WITH US The Standard NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS Advertise With Us ALL SECTIONS Monday May 8, 2017 Advertisement Home   /   BUSINESS   /   MONEY China’s Hawaii plans a $3-billion medical tourism hotspot posted May 07, 2017 at 07:01 pm by  Bloomberg On the hilly and tropical island of Hainan, local officials and companies are investing billions of dollars to transform a string of riverside villages into a medical tourism destination. Their aim? To lure wealthy Chinese patients, who might otherwise venture overseas, to this province in the South China Sea known for its beach-front resorts. To do so they are making an unusual promise: The hub will bring in cutting-edge treatments for diseases like cancer that are available abroad, but don’t yet have regulatory approval in China. There’s plenty of demand. The travel site Ctrip.com estimates about half a million Chinese traveled abroad for medical services last year. Millions are dying from cancer and heart disease, but regulatory bottlenecks have slowed approvals for the newest international therapies. Chinese hospitals are overflowing, and affluent jet-setters prefer Japan for physical check-ups or the US for genetic screenings. In 2013, the provincial government of Hainan, often known as China’s Hawaii, earmarked more than 1,600 acres of fertile farm land along a river flowing to its eastern coast for a medical tourism hub. Since then fishing villages and rice paddies are slowly being replaced by palm-tree-flanked driveways. The zone’s first hospitals are opening their doors this summer, the effective beginning of this medical experiment. A man stands near a flight of stairs at the construction site of the Evergrande International Hospital inside the Boao Lecheng International Medical Tourism Pilot Zone in Boao, China, on Saturday, March 25, 2017. Bloomberg Local officials say businesses have already committed to spending 23 billion yuan ($3.3 billion) for 27 projects ranging from hospitals to plastic surgery clinics, with dozens more awaiting approval. The mission is partly to “retain domestic consumption,” the government body managing the Hainan Boao Lecheng International Medical Tourism Pilot Zone said in e-mailed comments. New medicines Among the investors are Beijing-based Ciming Health Checkup Management Group and Guangzhou-based medical services firm Evergrande Health Industry Group Ltd., which is being advised by Boston’s Brigham and Women’s Hospital, a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School. In an early example, the zone’s Chengmei International Health Center imported 24 vials of the Merck & Co. cancer drug Keytruda for six patients under the special access channel last October, the government says. The medicine is approved in the US and elsewhere, but remains unavailable in the mainland. The special permits by the Chinese regulator only allow for a small amount of the drug to be used in the tourism hub, and it can’t be distributed elsewhere. Merck in a statement said it’s conducting clinical trials on Keytruda in China and doesn’t sell the drug in the country. The China Food and Drug Administration and Chengmei didn’t respond to a request for comment. Ghost towns By 2025, the hub’s managers want to draw more than one million tourists a year on health-related visits. Still, China has a patchy record of managing specialized economic zones. Centers like Shenzhen, the fishing-village-turned metropolis, have thrived. But others have had a quick boom and bust, like the Caofeidian industrial zone in the northeast, which ended up as a ghost town. Construction of the Evergrande International Hospital. Bloomberg The Hainan medical hub’s relatively remote location and the country’s shortage of qualified doctors make it harder to draw patients. Competition for medical resources is fierce, said Chen Bo, associate partner at consultancy McKinsey & Co. “Building health-care capabilities there will require attracting excellent talent to work and live in the pilot zone, and good doctors are already badly needed in China’s major cities,” said Chen. On a recent visit, the area still had the feel of an underdeveloped backwater, showing the challenges to transforming it into a flourishing tourist center. It is dotted with semi-finished hospitals that remain under construction, without medical equipment inside and prefabricated homes outside for construction workers. By the end of March, five facilities had begun operating on a trial basis, local officials say. Evergrande has said it plans to spend 5 billion yuan on its cancer hospital there. Brigham and Women’s hospital in an e-mailed statement said it is serving as a strategic advisor as Evergrande expands its health-care network in China, helping the development of clinical programs and other aspects like training. Topics: Evergrande International Hospital , Hainan , Medical tourism destination Related stories: No related stories matched this topic. More from this Category: Govt scraps Clark airport bidding PSE head finds ways to cut brokers’ stake Manufacturing likely grew faster in March COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement LATEST NEWS TRENDING Panelo: Plunder raps versus Napoles are quite strong  0 |  28 mins ago MPD nabs suspect in Quiapo blast  0 |  2 hours ago Napoles acquitted of serious detention charges  0 |  2 hours ago US-PH 'Balikatan' exercises formally open in Camp Aguinaldo  0 |  2 hours ago Cleric’s bomb target; Cops rule out IS hand  0 |  14 hours ago Pinoys give Duterte ‘excellent’ rating  0 |  14 hours ago War on ASG leaves 4 terrorists dead in Basilan  0 |  14 hours ago Ex-BCDA chief faces trial for P100-m libel suit  0 |  14 hours ago Palace seeks to appease CA after Gina’s rejection  0 |  14 hours ago Impeachment bid on sked  0 |  14 hours ago More On Latest News Lowdown by Jojo RoblesWhat doomed Gina Sotto has our 100% revulsion  0 |  4 days ago PH envoy to UN twits rapporteur  0 |  1 day ago Remembering Corona  0 |  3 days ago UN rapporteur draws flak  0 |  2 days ago DND chief: I’d rather end talks with communists  0 |  2 days ago ‘Ano na, Sotto?’  0 |  2 days ago Gina’s illegal actions cost her job — senator  0 |  1 day ago Ex-BCDA chief faces trial for P100-m libel suit  0 |  14 hours ago DENR chief rapped for ‘extortion’  0 |  4 days ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard 6th Floor Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 manilastandard.net. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
Home Macau Our Team Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Archive Archive 2009-2014 Archive 2007-2009 Contacts Extra Times Drive In Book It tTunes Features World of Bacchus Taste of Edesia Search for: FOUNDER & PUBLISHER Kowie Geldenhuys EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Paulo Coutinho Macau, Macau Forum Business China Asia World Sports Interview Editorial Opinion Photo Shop DAILY EDITION 8 hours ago Monday, May 8, 2017 – edition no. 2796 EXTRA TIMES 3 days ago Night Markets Mania from Asia to America OTHER ARTICLES Macron defeats Le Pen to become French president Science | UM researchers develop new technology for stem cell storage By-census shows an aging population Tourism | Group sues Beijing Imperial Palace Hotel management Briefs | AirAsia to operate Macau-Jakarta flights MDT LIVE TRACK FEED Live Traffic Stats LATEST COMMENTS Giovanni on Reports | Tibetan monk sets himself on fire in Sichuan SaipanSam on Firm linked to Imperial Pacific arranged Saipan lawmakers’ trips John on Letter to the Editor | Bilinguals’ initial delay ‘is only natural’ L on Aerial photography book launched today Cassandra Fynes on Survey | Hearing health knowledge is ‘insufficient’ MDT MACAU GRAND PRIX SPECIAL SUBSCRIBE TO MDT NEWSLETTER Email * Home | China | Hainan plans a USD3 billion medical tourism hotspot Hainan plans a USD3 billion medical tourism hotspot - Monday, May 8, 2017 - 7 hours ago No Comments 317 Views A man stands near a flight of stairs at the construction site of the Evergrande International Hospital inside the Boao Lecheng International Medical Tourism Pilot Zone On the hilly and tropical island of Hainan, local officials and companies are investing billions of dollars to transform a string of riverside villages into a medical tourism destination. Their aim? To lure wealthy Chinese patients, who might otherwise venture overseas, to this province in the South China Sea known for its beach-front resorts. To do so they are making an unusual promise: The hub will bring in cutting-edge treatments for diseases like cancer that are available abroad, but don’t yet have regulatory approval in China. There’s plenty of demand. The travel site Ctrip.com estimates about half a million Chinese traveled abroad for medical services last year. Millions are dying from cancer and heart disease, but regulatory bottlenecks have slowed approvals for the newest international therapies. Chinese hospitals are overflowing, and affluent jet-setters prefer Japan for physical check-ups or the U.S. for genetic screenings. In 2013, the provincial government of Hainan, often known as China’s Hawaii, earmarked more than 1,600 acres of fertile farm land along a river flowing to its eastern coast for a medical tourism hub. Since then fishing villages and rice paddies are slowly being replaced by palm-tree-flanked driveways. The zone’s first hospitals are opening their doors this summer, the effective beginning of this medical experiment. Local officials say businesses have already committed to spending 23 billion yuan ($3.3 billion) for 27 projects ranging from hospitals to plastic surgery clinics, with dozens more awaiting approval. The mission is partly to “retain domestic consumption,” the government body managing the Hainan Boao Lecheng International Medical Tourism Pilot Zone said in e-mailed comments. Among the investors are Beijing-based Ciming Health Checkup Management Group and Guangzhou-based medical services firm Evergrande Health Industry Group Ltd., which is being advised by Boston’s Brigham and Women’s Hospital, a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School. In an early example, the zone’s Chengmei International Health Center imported 24 vials of the Merck & Co. cancer drug Keytruda for six patients under the special access channel last October, the government says. The medicine is approved in the U.S. and elsewhere, but remains unavailable in the mainland. The special permits by the Chinese regulator only allow for a small amount of the drug to be used in the tourism hub, and it can’t be distributed elsewhere. Merck in a statement said it’s conducting clinical trials on Keytruda in China and doesn’t sell the drug in the country. The China Food and Drug Administration and Chengmei didn’t respond to a request for comment. By 2025, the hub’s managers want to draw more than one million tourists a year on health-related visits. Still, China has a patchy record of managing specialized economic zones. Centers like Shenzhen, the fishing-village-turned metropolis, have thrived. But others have had a quick boom and bust, like the Caofeidian industrial zone in the northeast, which ended up as a ghost town. The Hainan medical hub’s relatively remote location and the country’s shortage of qualified doctors make it harder to draw patients. Competition for medical resources is fierce, said Chen Bo, associate partner at consultancy McKinsey & Co. “Building health-care capabilities there will require attracting excellent talent to work and live in the pilot zone, and good doctors are already badly needed in China’s major cities,” said Chen. On a recent visit, the area still had the feel of an underdeveloped backwater, showing the challenges to transforming it into a flourishing tourist center. It is dotted with semi-finished hospitals that remain under construction, without medical equipment inside and prefabricated homes outside for construction workers. By the end of March, five facilities had begun operating on a trial basis, local officials say. Evergrande has said it plans to spend 5 billion yuan on its cancer hospital there. Brigham and Women’s hospital in an e-mailed statement said it is serving as a strategic advisor as Evergrande expands its health-care network in China, helping the development of clinical programs and other aspects like training. Working with international partners has shown that local staffing tends to be the most effective, and Boao Evergrande International Hospital clinicians will be providing all patient care at that facility, Brigham said. The hospital was slated to start operating in the first half of this year, according to a December statement on Evergrande’s website. In a later March release the company noted the start date would be in 2017. In late March, balloons and banners adorned the hospital’s front gate, even though a quick glance inside the bronze-colored building from a back entrance showed dark rooms with bare concrete walls, unpacked crates and cement piles. An Evergrande representative said the decorations were for the opening of the Boao Asian Forum Healthcare Track and that a soft launch date will be released later. Off the main street, behind the hospital pilot zone, was a side road yet to be paved with plywood and empty barrels of asphalt scattered around. Li Peijuan, an analyst at Forward Industries Institute, a Chinese research firm, said the area can benefit from Hainan island’s environmental beauty, but the quality of service, the standard of medical technology as well as costs will ultimately be key to its success. Foreign medicines have in the past taken longer to reach the Asian country partly because the regulator has been understaffed and so struggled to shepherd surging numbers of drug applications through its complex review process. The China Food and Drug Administration is now in the midst of dramatic reforms to its approval system to reduce the so-called “drug lag” on the mainland. If that succeeds, Hainan will need to find other selling points. “It was very appealing a few years back when approval of innovative drugs was relatively slow, but if the pilot zone can’t build full-fledged medical teams and business models in the next two to three years, its attractiveness will be greatly weakened,” said McKinsey’s Chen. Bloomberg Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Categories China Share This Post Related Posts 1st large Chinese-made passenger jet makes its maiden flight  Ferrari supercar fight leads to embezzlement lawsuits Ski-obsessed China presents opening for Austria’s Skidata The Buzz | UN office decries reports that Chinese police seized lawyer  No Comments Cancel Reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © Macau Daily Times 2008-2017. All Rights Reserved Contact our Administrator Contact our Director Contacts Contact for Subscriptions and Issues Contact Our Advertising Department Contact Our Managing Editor Contact Our Newsroom Contact Our Newsroom Secretary Home Our Team Search results Editorial Statute Code of Ethics
Sections Home The Corner Bench Memos Morning Jolt The G-File Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts All Articles Search Donate E-mails & Alerts Subscribe Print Subscribe Digital Store Advertising About Contact Privacy NR Institute The Corner National Review Login The ‘Right’ to Health Care (Photo: Studioclover/Dreamstime) Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Kevin D. Williamson May 7, 2017 4:00 AM @kevinNR There isn’t one. With the American Health Care Act dominating the week’s news, one conversation has been unavoidable: Someone — someone who pays attention to public policy — will suggest that we pursue policy x, y, or z, and someone else — someone who pays a little less careful attention, who probably watches a lot of cable-television entertainment masquerading as news — responds: “The first thing we have to do is acknowledge that health care is a human right!” What follows is a moment during which the second speaker visibly luxuriates in his display of empathy and virtue, which is, of course, the point of the exercise. It’s kind of gross, but that’s where we are, politically, as a country. Here is a thought experiment: You have four children and three apples. You would like for everyone to have his own apple. You go to Congress, and you successfully persuade the House and the Senate to endorse a joint resolution declaring that everyone has a right to an apple of his own. A ticker-tape parade is held in your honor, and you share your story with Oprah, after which you are invited to address the United Nations, which passes the International Convention on the Rights of These Four Kids in Particular to an Individual Apple Each. You are visited by the souls of Mohandas Gandhi and Mother Teresa, who beam down approvingly from a joint Hindu-Catholic cloud in Heaven. Question: How many apples do you have? You have three apples, dummy. Three. You have four children. Each of those children has a congressionally endorsed, U.N.-approved, saint-ratified right to an apple of his own. But here’s the thing: You have three apples and four children. Nothing has changed. Declaring a right in a scarce good is meaningless. It is a rhetorical gesture without any application to the events and conundrums of the real world. If the Dalai Lama were to lead 10,000 bodhisattvas in meditation, and the subject of that meditation was the human right to health care, it would do less good for the cause of actually providing people with health care than the lowliest temp at Merck does before his second cup of coffee on any given Tuesday morning. Health care is physical, not metaphysical. It consists of goods, such as penicillin and heart stents, and services, such as oncological attention and radiological expertise. Even if we entirely eliminated money from the equation, conscripting doctors into service and nationalizing the pharmaceutical factories, the basic economic question would remain. We tend to retreat into cheap moralizing when the economic realities become uncomfortable for us. No matter the health-care model you choose — British-style public monopoly, Swiss-style subsidized insurance, pure market capitalism — you end up with rationing: Markets ration through prices, bureaucracies ration through politics. Price rationing is pretty straightforward: Think of Jesse James and his “Pay Up, Sucker!” tattoo on his palm. Political rationing is a little different: Sometimes it happens through waiting lists and the like, and sometimes it is just a question of money and clout. American progressives love the Western European medical model, but when Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi needed a pacemaker, he came to the United States to have it implanted. Rich people always get better stuff. That’s what it means to be rich. And money is only one resource: Political connections matter enormously in some places, as might a good family name or employment in a powerful firm. If you live in one of the poorer corners of the world, you may have “free” health care, meaning that if you should become infected with HIV, you will get a free aspirin. On the other hand, the Coca-Cola Company distributes antiretroviral drugs, free of charge, to employees around the world being treated for HIV. That may seem unfair to us. That may be unfair. It may be unfair that you have four kids and three apples. After we are done lamenting the unfairness of it all, what do we do? After we are done lamenting the unfairness of it all, what do we do? Ideally, we’d plant some apple trees. We would find ways to invest in medical care with an eye toward making it more effective and less expensive. There is no substitute for abundance. And the great enemy of abundance is the bias against profit. There is something deeply rooted in us that instinctively thinks we are being abused if someone else makes a profit on a deal. That is a dumb and primitive way of thinking — our world is full of wonders because it is profitable to invent them, build them, and sell them — but the angel is forever handcuffed to the ape. Ten years ago, I was in the office of a very fancy doctor who was always very pleased to see me, because I paid him out of pocket — my insurance card said “American Express” on it. If you can do this, I recommend it. The medical experience is very different when there is cash on the barrelhead: Appointments are kept, prices are known and negotiated beforehand, telephone calls are answered. Markets work, if you let them. My doctor had a picture on his wall in which he was posing with a Ferrari — one of his Ferraris. I was driving a Saturn VUE at the time. This seemed wrong in some way. “I think I am paying you too much,” I said. He took a pensive moment, and responded: “Do you really want a doctor who can’t afford a Ferrari?” Well? READ MORE: Health-Care Politics: We’re All Murderers Now Health Care, From the Top: We Cannot Vote Away Scarcity Why Shouldn’t Women Pay More for Health Insurance? – Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent. Load More Photo Essay Kentucky Derby Hats     About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
Close menu Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Memphis Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Entertainment Education Sports Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Praise Video Photos Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Memphis Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Entertainment Education Sports Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Praise Video Photos Community Home > Community New deals for drugs: No heart attack or your money back Linda A. Johnson, AP Medical Writer Leave a comment 1 reads This undated file image provided by Amgen Inc. shows the cholesterol-lowering drug Repatha.  (Robert Dawson/Amgen via AP, File) TRENTON, N.J. (AP) _ Warranties and money-back guarantees, long used to entice buyers of products like hand tools and kitchen gadgets, are now being used to sell something more crucial: pricey new-generation drugs for diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and cancer. Deals being negotiated between drugmakers and the insurers who buy medicines now sometimes include extra rebates _ or even full refunds _ if drugs don’t help patients as expected. It’s part of an effort driven by insurers and government health programs to align the cost of care with the quality of care, and slow the relentless growth of prescription drug costs. “We’re spending less money on drugs that are less effective,” said Dr. Michael Sherman, chief medical officer for the not-for-profit insurer Harvard Pilgrim, which has several of these deals and is negotiating more. Sherman says one-fourth of every dollar it spends on patient care goes to prescription drugs. For the patient, it doesn’t mean a check in the mail if cancer comes back after a round of treatment. But it does mean patients could get a drug that an insurer might otherwise be unwilling to pay for and that might help them. And insurers, who now can track how patients fare through electronic medical records, will be reducing wasteful spending and making at least a dent in overall health care costs. “It’s going to be part of the solution” to soaring drug prices, predicts Roger Longman, CEO of Real Endpoints, an analytics company that assesses the value of medicines for drugmakers, insurers and other clients. Many new drugs now top $100,000 per year or course of treatment, even though their benefits are unclear or only marginally better than cheaper, older drugs. Buyers of those new drugs, usually insurance companies, are hesitant to pay without assurance the drugs will help patients. Not only is that bad for patients, it makes insurers spend even more on complications and hospital stays if the drugs don’t work. As a result, insurers often restrict access to expensive new drugs. Sometimes that’s achieved by making patients pay more out of their own pockets, or making doctors wade through red tape to get authorization for a patient’s medicine. Sometimes patients have to try cheaper drugs first, and only when they fail _ and the patients’ health has deteriorated _ are they allowed to get the pricey new drug. Pharmaceutical companies have an incentive here, too: These deals may help them sell more of the new drug they’ve spent hundreds of millions of dollars or more developing. For example, a new generation of injected cholesterol drugs does an impressive job of reducing so-called bad cholesterol. But the drugs, Amgen’s Repatha and Sanofi’s Praluent, cost $14,000 a year, while cheap generic pills do a good job of lowering cholesterol for most people for $300 a year or less. Predictably, insurers often reject prescriptions for these drugs. So Amgen, trying to boost disappointing sales for a drug expected to be a huge seller, is offering full refunds to insurers if patients have a heart attack or stroke while taking its drug. On Tuesday, Amgen announced its first deal to do so, with Harvard Pilgrim. Sanofi has a contract with insurer Cigna to pay extra rebates if patient cholesterol doesn’t fall as much as expected. “It demonstrates the fact that we are standing behind the value the product has, and we’re willing to put some money behind it,” said James Borneman, Sanofi’s head of strategic pricing. Some insurers are now demanding these deals, which are expected to become standard for some drugs: super-expensive medicines for cancer and rare diseases, and others that are used widely enough to cost insurers millions. In addition, the drugs must have a benefit that’s easy to measure, such as keeping kids with asthma out of the emergency room or preventing growth of cancerous tumors for a certain period. Cigna has been pursuing more of these types of deals after finding that some of its earlier efforts “met or exceeded expectations in terms of benefit to our customers, patients,” said Chris Bradbury, who heads Cigna’s prescription benefit program. One of its early deals, with drugmaker Merck for its diabetes pills Januvia and Janumet, dates to 2009, with rebates pegged to how much patients lower blood sugar. “We keep re-signing that agreement, so I think they’re pretty satisfied,” said Bob McMahon, head of U.S. marketing at Merck, which also has such contracts with insurers and hospital systems covering an asthma medicine and is negotiating contracts for an infection drug. Other companies with such deals for one or more medicines include drugmakers Eli Lilly, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, Novo Nordisk and Roche’s Genentech unit; insurers Aetna and Priority Health, and prescription benefit manager Express Scripts. On their own, these deals are unlikely to reverse the persistent rise in medical spending, experts say. But they improve the chance that the money will at least go to treatments that work best _ by making sure insurers and drug companies have something at stake along with the patient. “There’s a risk on both sides with these contracts,” said Dr. Mark Fendrick, director of the University of Michigan’s Center for Value-Based Insurance Design. “Both want to make sure they’ll get the outcome they want.” ___ Follow Linda A. Johnson at https://twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma . Also On Atlanta Daily World: comments – Add Yours DIGITAL EDITION × Sign Up Now For The Atlanta Daily World Newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Follow Us! Follow Us! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Business Health Opinion Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Business Health Opinion Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Business Home > Business New deals for drugs: No heart attack or your money back Linda A. Johnson, AP Medical Writer Leave a comment 11 reads This undated file image provided by Amgen Inc. shows the cholesterol-lowering drug Repatha.  (Robert Dawson/Amgen via AP, File) TRENTON, N.J. (AP) _ Warranties and money-back guarantees, long used to entice buyers of products like hand tools and kitchen gadgets, are now being used to sell something more crucial: pricey new-generation drugs for diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and cancer. Deals being negotiated between drugmakers and the insurers who buy medicines now sometimes include extra rebates _ or even full refunds _ if drugs don’t help patients as expected. It’s part of an effort driven by insurers and government health programs to align the cost of care with the quality of care, and slow the relentless growth of prescription drug costs. “We’re spending less money on drugs that are less effective,” said Dr. Michael Sherman, chief medical officer for the not-for-profit insurer Harvard Pilgrim, which has several of these deals and is negotiating more. Sherman says one-fourth of every dollar it spends on patient care goes to prescription drugs. For the patient, it doesn’t mean a check in the mail if cancer comes back after a round of treatment. But it does mean patients could get a drug that an insurer might otherwise be unwilling to pay for and that might help them. And insurers, who now can track how patients fare through electronic medical records, will be reducing wasteful spending and making at least a dent in overall health care costs. “It’s going to be part of the solution” to soaring drug prices, predicts Roger Longman, CEO of Real Endpoints, an analytics company that assesses the value of medicines for drugmakers, insurers and other clients. Many new drugs now top $100,000 per year or course of treatment, even though their benefits are unclear or only marginally better than cheaper, older drugs. Buyers of those new drugs, usually insurance companies, are hesitant to pay without assurance the drugs will help patients. Not only is that bad for patients, it makes insurers spend even more on complications and hospital stays if the drugs don’t work. As a result, insurers often restrict access to expensive new drugs. Sometimes that’s achieved by making patients pay more out of their own pockets, or making doctors wade through red tape to get authorization for a patient’s medicine. Sometimes patients have to try cheaper drugs first, and only when they fail _ and the patients’ health has deteriorated _ are they allowed to get the pricey new drug. Pharmaceutical companies have an incentive here, too: These deals may help them sell more of the new drug they’ve spent hundreds of millions of dollars or more developing. For example, a new generation of injected cholesterol drugs does an impressive job of reducing so-called bad cholesterol. But the drugs, Amgen’s Repatha and Sanofi’s Praluent, cost $14,000 a year, while cheap generic pills do a good job of lowering cholesterol for most people for $300 a year or less. Predictably, insurers often reject prescriptions for these drugs. So Amgen, trying to boost disappointing sales for a drug expected to be a huge seller, is offering full refunds to insurers if patients have a heart attack or stroke while taking its drug. On Tuesday, Amgen announced its first deal to do so, with Harvard Pilgrim. Sanofi has a contract with insurer Cigna to pay extra rebates if patient cholesterol doesn’t fall as much as expected. “It demonstrates the fact that we are standing behind the value the product has, and we’re willing to put some money behind it,” said James Borneman, Sanofi’s head of strategic pricing. Some insurers are now demanding these deals, which are expected to become standard for some drugs: super-expensive medicines for cancer and rare diseases, and others that are used widely enough to cost insurers millions. In addition, the drugs must have a benefit that’s easy to measure, such as keeping kids with asthma out of the emergency room or preventing growth of cancerous tumors for a certain period. Cigna has been pursuing more of these types of deals after finding that some of its earlier efforts “met or exceeded expectations in terms of benefit to our customers, patients,” said Chris Bradbury, who heads Cigna’s prescription benefit program. One of its early deals, with drugmaker Merck for its diabetes pills Januvia and Janumet, dates to 2009, with rebates pegged to how much patients lower blood sugar. “We keep re-signing that agreement, so I think they’re pretty satisfied,” said Bob McMahon, head of U.S. marketing at Merck, which also has such contracts with insurers and hospital systems covering an asthma medicine and is negotiating contracts for an infection drug. Other companies with such deals for one or more medicines include drugmakers Eli Lilly, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, Novo Nordisk and Roche’s Genentech unit; insurers Aetna and Priority Health, and prescription benefit manager Express Scripts. On their own, these deals are unlikely to reverse the persistent rise in medical spending, experts say. But they improve the chance that the money will at least go to treatments that work best _ by making sure insurers and drug companies have something at stake along with the patient. “There’s a risk on both sides with these contracts,” said Dr. Mark Fendrick, director of the University of Michigan’s Center for Value-Based Insurance Design. “Both want to make sure they’ll get the outcome they want.” ___ Follow Linda A. Johnson at https://twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma . Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 22 photos Launch gallery Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 1. Chris Rock 1 of 22 2. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend 2 of 22 3. Sylvester Stallone & His Wife 3 of 22 4. Pharrell Williams 4 of 22 5. Kerry Washington 5 of 22 6. Rachel McAdams and Michael B. Jordan 6 of 22 7. Mindy Kaling 7 of 22 8. Andra Day 8 of 22 9. The Weeknd 9 of 22 10. Kevin Hart (R) with fiancee Eniko Parrish 10 of 22 11. Common 11 of 22 12. Priyanka Chopra 12 of 22 13. Lady Gaga 13 of 22 14. Whoopi Goldberg 14 of 22 15. Sofia Vergara 15 of 22 16. Dorith Mous 16 of 22 17. Robin Roberts 17 of 22 18. Leonardo DiCaprio 18 of 22 19. Brie Larson 19 of 22 20. Charlize Theron 20 of 22 21. Olivia Wilde 21 of 22 22. Jennifer Lawrence 22 of 22 Skip ad Continue reading New deals for drugs: No heart attack or your money back Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular Artist who evoked Black pride, Barkley Hendricks, Dies at 72 Redwood, Milliones stop URA plan to buy Hill District properties Pittsburgh’s Hill House cuts staff amid reassessment The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. Dezmaire gave birth in eighth grade. As a teen mom in Pittsburgh, she’s fighting to beat the odds and graduate. TENSIONS RISE, TEMPERS FLARE at Woodland Hills board meeting (EXCLUSIVE VIDEO) Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
