Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives $7.59 Average Target Price from Analysts Arconic Inc (ARNC) Stock Price Up 5.9% Following Insider Buying Activity Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Owens Corning Inc Lifted by Analyst (OC) Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund (MIW) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Motorpoint Group PLC (MOTR) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC (FTAI) Receives $15.83 Average Price Target from Analysts Hancock Holding Co. Buys 402 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Posted by William Strong on Feb 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Hancock Holding Co. increased its stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 1.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 23,401 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 402 shares during the period. Hancock Holding Co.’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $1,461,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Boston Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 512.1% in the second quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 374,199 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,558,000 after buying an additional 313,068 shares during the period. KBC Group NV increased its stake in shares of Merck & Company by 32.7% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 1,398,162 shares of the company’s stock valued at $87,259,000 after buying an additional 344,592 shares during the period. GW&K Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Merck & Company by 6.6% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 369,150 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,039,000 after buying an additional 22,736 shares during the period. Seminole Management Co. Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Merck & Company during the second quarter worth about $19,783,000. Finally, Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. increased its position in shares of Merck & Company by 14.4% in the second quarter. Badgley Phelps & Bell Inc. now owns 5,225 shares of the company’s stock worth $301,000 after buying an additional 657 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) traded up 0.79% during trading on Monday, hitting $64.80. The stock had a trading volume of 5,820,190 shares. Merck & Company, Inc. has a 12 month low of $47.97 and a 12 month high of $65.46. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $61.03 and a 200 day moving average of $61.51. The company has a market cap of $178.66 billion, a PE ratio of 31.76 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The business earned $10.10 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.93 earnings per share. Merck & Company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.92%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is a positive change from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s payout ratio is currently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/hancock-holding-co-buys-402-shares-of-merck-company-inc-mrk.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on MRK shares. Vetr downgraded Merck & Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $64.84 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Leerink Swann restated a “market perform” rating and issued a $65.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Bank of America Corporation upgraded Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $57.00 to $70.00 in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Friday, October 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $66.91. In other Merck & Company news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $9,104,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $33,487,653.71. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Chevron Corporation (CVX) Shares Bought by Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Next » Enova International, Inc. (ENVA) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending PMEA 2016 results AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial Keytruda filed for first- and second-line bladder cancer Merck & Co hopes to gain advantage over Opdivo and Tecentriq with first-line setting Merck & Co has filed for approval of its checkpoint inhibitor Keytruda for both first- and second-line use in bladder cancer in the US. The filing comes shortly after Bristol-Myers Squibb bagged US approval for its checkpoint inhibitor Opdivo (nivolumab) as a second-line treatment for bladder cancer, with both drugs chasing Roche's Tecentriq (atezolizumab) - the first immuno-oncology drug to be approved for that form of cancer. With both Opdivo and Tecentriq approved for second-line use in patients who have progressed despite cisplatin therapy, Merck has a chance of grabbing an advantage in the first-line setting. Roche got a priority review from the FDA for its first-line application last month. Keytruda has been filed in the first-line setting approval for use in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (mUC) who are ineligible for cisplatin-containing therapy, while second-line use is being targeted towards these patients with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. The FDA has previously given Keytruda a priority review both the first- and second-line indications on the strength of the results of the phase II KEYNOTE-052 and the phase III KEYNOTE-045 trials, respectively. It is due to deliver a verdict on both filings by 14 June. Bladder cancer affects almost 400,000 people a year and kills around 150,000, but has proved to be remarkably resistant to new drug therapy. Prior to the advent of immuno-oncology drugs, there had been no new treatments for patients with metastatic bladder cancer who progress despite platinum-based chemotherapy for 30 years. The standard of care remains cisplatin, but around half of all patients are not eligible for treatment with that form of chemotherapy. Meanwhile, cisplatin remains only modestly effective in patients who can take the drug. In the KeyNote-045 trial Keytruda was more effective than chemotherapy at extending patients' lives when given as a second-line therapy, while KEYNOTE-052 showed an overall response rate of 24% among cisplatin-ineligible patients - with and without PD-L1 expression - who were treated initially with Keytruda. Merck's drug achieved a slightly lower response rate than chemotherapy in that setting. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 6th February 2017 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Junior Strategic Planner, Healthcare Advertising £28, 000 - £32, 000 benefits Senior Account Manager/ Account Director, Medical Communications... Excellent package Regional Managing Director/ ASIA CEO –Healthcare Advertising Age... Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Editorial Team ... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits Global CEO, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communications, East C... Substantial Package FREELANCE ACCOUNT MANAGER OR SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER - Healthcare... Superb Day Rate Available Market Research Manager, Pharmaceutical £27, 000 - £30, 000 Editorial/ Medical Director – Medical Education – Home-Based Salary TBC Account Director, Creative Healthcare Communications £50, 000 – £55, 000 car Medical Writer/ Copywriter, Medcomms to Brandcomms, London Competitive Salary Director, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Head of Healthcare, Sydney(Full Relocation Package Offered) Excellent &amp;full relocation/visa package offered Associate Medical Writer – Postdoc opportunity to enter Medical ... Competitive Senior Medical Writer – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Scientific Lead - Med Comms Great salary and benefits Junior Strategic Planner. Healthcare Advertising £28, 000 - £32, 000 PRINCIPAL MEDICAL WRITER or ETL - OUTSTANDING OPPORTUNITY - MEDI... Salary TBC Associate Director, Medical Communications, London Excellent package FREELANCE MEDICAL WRITER or SENIOR MEDICAL WRITER - 3 Months + ,... Superb Day Rate Available Director, Scientific Services Great salary and benefits Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Editorial Projects Lead, Medical Communications, NW UK Excellent package Editorial Director, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pfizer mulling product sale to streamline ops; sources NICE to bring HTA processes to mobile health apps New outcomes data could unlock Repatha's potential, says Amgen Ipsen boosts specialty care and R&D leadership teams Keytruda filed for first- and second-line bladder cancer Denmark pitches for EMA, with help from ex Novo Nordisk CEO Deal Watch January 2017 Lundbeck partners with IBM Watson on drug research Praluent can stay on market for now, says US court FDA approves first steroid for Duchenne muscular dystrophy New philosophies driving transformative healthcare Minoryx Therapeutics adds to board of directors PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Excel Communications Excel Communications is a world class training and development company facilitating tailored, in-house learning events including coaching, workshops and development... Latest intelligence Deal Watch January 2017 Actelion, Johnson & Johnson, Sanofi, Takeda and more feature in this month's pharma deals round-up... Time to snap up the opportunities Is there a place for Snapchat in health communications? TL;DR: When it comes to communications it is always important to make sure what you’re creating and sharing is adding value... Why you should include customer facing roles in your multichannel strategy Anthill recently held a webinar discussing the emergence and importance of multichannel communications, and the challenges this shift brings.... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Beyond Stocks Macro View Net Worth Real Assets Your Money Firm Calls Mutual Funds Technically People Your Stock Portfolio Merck in a medium-term uptrend Yoganand D comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet As long as the stock trades between ₹830 and ₹845, its uptrend will remain intact Here are answers to readers’ queries on the performance of their stock holdings. I want to buy Merck and Infibeam shares. Please advise? Manoj Merck (₹981.1): Last week, the stock of Merck gained 4.8 per cent resuming its medium-term uptrend. However, the stock now faces a key resistance at ₹1,000. Conclusive breakthrough of this hurdle will strengthen the stock’s medium- as well as long-term uptrend. The stock can trend upwards to ₹1,060 and then to ₹1,100 levels. Fall below the immediate support level of ₹935 will bring back selling pressure and pull the stock down to ₹900 and then to ₹870 levels in the medium term. As long as the stock trades above the key support band between ₹830 and ₹845, its intermediate-term uptrend will remain intact. You can either buy at the current level and exit around ₹1,100 or wait for a correction and buy at lower levels of ₹900 with stop-loss at ₹845. Infibeam Incorporation (₹1,274.2): Ever since listing in April 2015, the stock of Infibeam Incorporation has been on a steady uptrend. In a short span of less than a year, the stock has become a multi-bagger, gaining three-fold. As long as the stock trades above the significant long-term support band between ₹880 and ₹900, the uptrend will remain intact. Investors with a long-term perspective can hold the stock with stop-loss at ₹860 levels. The stock can reach ₹1,400 levels on a breach of ₹1,338 which is the immediate key resistance. The upside looks limited for the stock as indicators such as relative strength index and price rate of change on the daily as well as weekly charts show negative divergence, implying trend reversal. Therefore, you can wait and buy at lower levels. Strong downward breakthrough of the immediate key support level of ₹1,200 will alter the short-term uptrend and pull the stock down to ₹1,150 and then to ₹1,050 in the medium term. Further fall below ₹1,050 can drag the stock down to ₹1,000 and then to ₹950 levels. I bought Supreme Industries at ₹926. Shall I hold? TC Rajashegaran Supreme Industries (₹964.2): The stock of Supreme Industries is in an uptrend across all time frames. Last November, the stock took support at around ₹800 and resumed its uptrend. Since then, it has been in a medium-term uptrend. The stock rose 2.4 per cent in the previous week, breaching the immediate resistance at ₹940. Recently, the stock breached its moving average compression at around ₹890 strengthening the medium-term uptrend. The stock’s current uptrend can extend and encounter resistance at ₹1,000 in the near term. You can hold the stock with a stop-loss at ₹940 and consider exiting partially if the stock struggles to move beyond the key long-term resistance level of ₹1,000. Strong break-out of ₹1,000 can take the stock higher to ₹1,050 and ₹1,100 in the medium-term. But a fall below the key support level of ₹910 will alter the short-term uptrend and a fall below ₹860 can threaten the medium-term uptrend. Conclusive fall below ₹860 can pull the stock down to ₹800 levels. Important supports below ₹800 are placed at ₹750 and ₹730. Investors with a long-term perspective can stay invested with a stop-loss at ₹750 levels. Send your queries to techtrail@thehindu.co.in (This article was published on February 5, 2017) Post Comment Related Companies  »  Merck Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Companies  »  Supreme Industries Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Index Outlook: Indices build up steam Bank of Baroda in bull grip ITC heading towards a key resistance Merck in a medium-term uptrend SBI is likely to extend its rally Outlook remains unclear for Infosys Resistance restricts upside in Tata Steel Outlook is bullish for Nilkamal IRB Infrastructure Developers: On the fast lane - Buy LATEST NEWS Commodity market development needs focused regulatory push, Jaitley tells SEBI 7 min. ago Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-point common minimum programme for UP 32 min. ago Sasikala seeks appointment with Governor today 43 min. ago ITC plans to set up mutli-speciality hospitals 56 min. ago TN Education Minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp 1 hr. 35 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Technically SBI is likely to extend its rally SBI (₹277.4) SBI gained momentum as it surged 4 per cent last week. Importantly, the rally in the past week has taken th... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 273,349 Shares in Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Acquired by JT Stratford LLC Legion Partners Asset Management LLC Takes Position in ShoreTel, Inc. (SHOR) 2,119,333 Shares in Boingo Wireless, Inc. (WIFI) Acquired by Legion Partners Asset Management LLC Advaxis, Inc. (ADXS) Stake Held by Birchview Capital LP Birchview Capital LP Has $211,000 Stake in Coherus BioSciences, Inc. (CHRS) Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PRTK) Stake Held by Birchview Capital LP Insider Selling: Logitech International S.A. (LOGI) CFO Sells 41,068 Shares of Stock Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust of Beneficial Interest (FTF) Major Shareholder Sells $1,547,947.17 in Stock Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) Upgraded to Hold by Stifel Nicolaus Banco Santander-Chile (BSAC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Minerva Advisors LLC Raises Position in State Auto Financial Corporation (STFC) Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Takes Position in OGE Energy Corporation (OGE) Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Buys New Stake in PacWest Bancorp (PACW) 4,840 Shares in Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Acquired by Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Buys New Stake in CA, Inc. (CA) Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Invests $231,000 in TIER REIT Inc (TIER) 234,023 Shares in Mentor Graphics Corporation (MENT) Acquired by ARP Americas LLC Needham & Company LLC Raises Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Price Target to $65.00 Stockman Wealth Management Inc. Has $470,000 Position in Safety Insurance Group, Inc. (SAFT) Prudential PLC Holds Stake in Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Shares Sold by WINTON GROUP Ltd February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet WINTON GROUP Ltd cut its position in shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 35.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 88,101 shares of the company’s stock after selling 48,881 shares during the period. WINTON GROUP Ltd’s holdings in Merck & Company were worth $5,498,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Swedbank purchased a new position in Merck & Company during the third quarter valued at $135,119,000. FormulaFolio Investments LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 9.0% in the third quarter. FormulaFolio Investments LLC now owns 5,264 shares of the company’s stock valued at $329,000 after buying an additional 434 shares in the last quarter. ARGI Investment Services LLC boosted its position in Merck & Company by 5.8% in the third quarter. ARGI Investment Services LLC now owns 30,660 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,913,000 after buying an additional 1,690 shares in the last quarter. Airain ltd boosted its position in Merck & Company by 537.5% in the third quarter. Airain ltd now owns 193,994 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,107,000 after buying an additional 163,563 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. boosted its position in Merck & Company by 87.9% in the third quarter. Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. now owns 4,885 shares of the company’s stock valued at $305,000 after buying an additional 2,285 shares in the last quarter. 73.78% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 64.29 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $177.26 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.83 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Company, Inc. has a one year low of $47.97 and a one year high of $65.46. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $61.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $61.51. Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Company had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The firm had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.22 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.93 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Merck & Company, Inc. will post $3.79 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.92%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. This is a boost from Merck & Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. Merck & Company’s payout ratio is 92.61%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/merck-company-inc-mrk-shares-sold-by-winton-group-ltd.html. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Vetr cut Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $57.17 price objective for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Merck & Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, November 17th. Piper Jaffray Companies upgraded Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 12th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $70.00 target price (down previously from $72.00) on shares of Merck & Company in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Guggenheim upgraded Merck & Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $61.63 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, January 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $66.31. In related news, Chairman Kenneth C. Frazier sold 140,000 shares of Merck & Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total value of $9,104,200.00. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 514,957 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $33,487,653.71. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP Julie L. Gerberding sold 85,523 shares of Merck & Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.02, for a total transaction of $5,133,090.46. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,762 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,667,275.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Company Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, which it markets directly and through its joint ventures. It operates through one segment, Pharmaceutical. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Nicole Latimer appointed CEO of The StayWell Company Nicole Latimer appointed CEO of The StayWell Company Posted on February 6, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Latimer, who joined StayWell in 2016 as president, will succeed Bill Goldberg Yardley, PA (PRWEB) February 06, 2017 The StayWell Company announced today that Nicole Latimer will assume the position of CEO, effective March 1. Latimer succeeds Bill Goldberg, who has decided to step down from his position after successfully leading the organization during his five-year tenure with StayWell and its former parent company, MediMedia USA. Latimer joined StayWell in 2016 and brings many years of strategic business consulting, research and product development leadership, and market strategy expertise to the position. In her time as president of the company, Latimer brought a commercial orientation to the solutions StayWell delivers, which contributed to the company’s financial growth. StayWell experienced significant success in 2016, including the company’s recapitalization, through which Healthcare Services & Solutions, LLC (“HSS”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., acquired a majority stake in The StayWell Company. “Nicole has a keen understanding and insight into the role of technology in the future of health care and changing consumer preferences and behaviors that drive the way people interact with health care providers and manage their health and well-being,” said Guy Eiferman, Managing Director, HSS. According to Eiferman, StayWell will continue on a path of innovation and momentum by offering even more digital options that meet people — patients and employees — where they live, work and play, and that make it easy for them to access health solutions in formats that enable around-the-clock health engagement. “The challenges facing the health care industry and our nation’s economy are very real. StayWell will remain focused on developing solutions that take a comprehensive approach to improving health outcomes and managing the health of specific populations, while driving brand engagement for health care providers and employer clients,” said Latimer. Goldberg, who has led StayWell since 2014 and MediMedia since 2011, contributed to the company’s strength and momentum, increasing resources for growth, and guiding a solid management team and organizational structure to enhance the StayWell client experience. His last day as CEO will be Feb. 28; however, he will continue to support the organization through June 30. ### About StayWell StayWell is a health solutions company that uses the science of behavior change to help people live happier, healthier lives. StayWell brings decades of experience working across the health care industry to design solutions for improving individual and organizational health outcomes, managing the health of targeted populations, and creating brand engagement for employers and health care organizations. StayWell programs have received numerous top industry honors, including the C. Everett Koop National Health Award and the Web Health Award for health engagement programs. StayWell also has received URAC and NCQA accreditation for several of its programs. StayWell is majority-owned by Healthcare Services & Solutions, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA (“Merck”). The company is headquartered in Yardley, Pennsylvania, and also has major locations in Salt Lake City, Utah, and St. Paul, Minn. To learn more, visit http://www.staywell.com. About Merck For over a century, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit http://www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). Media contact Barbara Tabor, APR / 651-230-9192 / barbara(at)taborPR.com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14041264.htm Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Art By Children programme reaches 2000 students V. Sajeev Kumar comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Kochi, Feb 6:   Art By Children (ABC) -- the outreach programme powered by Merck in association with Kochi Muziris Biennale and supported by the State Education Department -- has successfully completed the first phase. The programme has reached out to over 2000 students across 40 schools across the state. It aims to reach 100 schools across all the 14 districts and engage over 5,000 children and school teachers through the artist facilitators until March 2017. Anand Nambiar, Managing Director, Merck India, told reporters here that ABC is a programme that aligns perfectly with the company’s commitment to promote healthy living and spark the curiosity and innovation in young minds. Educational art is considered vital to the cognitive development of children and ABC is a tool that tries to bridge the gap between health and creativity. “We are happy with the success of ABC until now and look forward to the milestone of 100 schools”, he added. Riyas Komu, Director of Programmes, Kochi Muziris Biennale said they are happy to initiate ABC with support of Merck to reach out to children and empower them with art education. The ABC Gallery at the Aspinwall House is the country’s first art exhibition dedicated to the work by children which was inaugurated by Pinarayi Vijayan, the State Chief Minister. The exhibition has a new set of works by the children of ABC programme are displayed every few weeks. (This article was published on February 6, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS Kerala | Kochi | economy, business and finance | events | teaching and learning | students | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » Most Popular MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Solar tariffs crash below ₹3/kWhr in MP auctions MLAs will prove their support in Assembly: OPS Supreme Court declines urgent hearing on PIL against Sasikala Opinion polls predict a cliffhanger contest in UP Hyderabad Clean Air Authority to be set up soon An acid test for Vidyasagar Rao Karzai stresses on the need for a South Asian ‘strategic arc’ Wait for new CM continues in TN Sasikala to meet Governor, stake claim to form govt: K Pandiarajan Mughal Gardens to open from Feb 5 Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Commodity market development needs focused regulatory push, Jaitley tells SEBI 19 min. ago Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-point common minimum programme for UP 44 min. ago Sasikala seeks appointment with Governor today 55 min. ago ITC plans to set up mutli-speciality hospitals 1 hr. 8 min. ago TN Education Minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp 1 hr. 47 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in National Activists slam Uma Bharti over ‘torture rapists’ remark Says ‘demons’ do not enjoy human rights » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Merck’s Q4 Earnings Aren’t Enough for Investors By Chris Lange February 2, 2017 9:05 am EST Print Email Tweet Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK) reported its fourth-quarter financial results before the markets opened on Thursday. The company posted $0.89 in earnings per share (EPS) and $10.12 billion in revenue, versus consensus estimates of $0.89 in EPS and revenue of $10.22 billion. In the same period of last year, the pharma giant posted EPS of $0.93 and $10.22 billion in revenue. Fourth-quarter pharmaceutical sales decreased 1% to $8.9 billion, primarily due to the loss of U.S. market exclusivity in 2016 for Cubicin, Nasonex and Zetia. However, these declines were largely offset by growth in oncology, hepatitis C, diabetes and vaccines, which include the ongoing launches of Keytruda and Zepatier. Animal Health sales totaled $884 million for the fourth quarter of 2016, an increase of 6% when compared year over year. In terms of the guidance for the 2017 full year, the company expects EPS to be in the range of $3.72 to $3.87 and revenues to be between $38.6 billion and $40.1 billion. The consensus estimates call for $3.83 in EPS and $40.13 billion in revenue. During this quarter, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved a supplemental Biologics License Application for Keytruda for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression. Kenneth C. Frazier, board chair and chief executive of Merck, commented: The performance of Merck’s broad and balanced portfolio allows us to remain committed to biomedical innovation that saves and improves lives and delivers long-term value to shareholders. The momentum behind our pipeline and key product launches, including the continued growth and expansion of KEYTRUDA into new indications and markets around the world, further reinforces our company’s strategic direction. Shares of Merck closed Wednesday at $62.10, in a 52-week trading range of $47.97 to $65.46. Following the release of the earnings report, the stock was relatively flat in early trading indications Thursday. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Boeing, Lockheed: Mano a Mano for Air Force T-X Contract? Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Acacia, Facebook, Lululemon, Shutterfly, Transocean, United Rentals, Urban Outfitters and More » Read more: Healthcare Business, Earnings, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Earnings Outlook Get email alerts All eyes will be on Gilead’s hepatitis C franchise as it reports fourth-quarter earnings By Emma Court Published: Feb 7, 2017 2:50 a.m. ET Share Sovaldi and Harvoni face new competition and lower prices this year Bloomberg News/Landov Gilead Sciences Inc. is scheduled to report earnings Tuesday after the close. By EmmaCourt Reporter Gilead Sciences Inc. first became notorious in 2014 for the high price of its hepatitis C drug Sovaldi: More than $80,000 for a course of treatment. The company’s hepatitis C franchise will again be in the spotlight, this time for flagging sales, when Gilead GILD, +1.17%  reports fourth-quarter earnings, scheduled for Tuesday after the markets close. Both Sovaldi and sister product Harvoni cure hepatitis C, which Gilead has used as a rationale for their high price tags. But it’s also become a more enduring problem, with the company struggling to get enough new prescriptions to sustain and grow its sales numbers. New competitive pressures have exacerbated the issue, with Merck & Co. Inc.’s MRK, -0.37%  hepatitis C drug Zepatier expected to make gains on health insurers’ formularies, and an AbbVie Inc. ABBV, -0.69%  drug potentially getting approved later this year, said EvercoreISI analyst Mark Schoenebaum. Those rivals forced price concessions on Gilead’s part this year in order to keep its drugs on health insurers’ formularies, the company has said. Read more: This is the most expensive drug in America Gilead’s new, recently-launched Hepatitis C medication, Epclusa, with a similarly high price tag — about $75,000 for a course of treatment — could help compensate in the coming quarters. Investors will be eyeing how the drug’s launch goes and information about European sales, Schoenebaum said. They’ll also be watching launch metrics for the company’s human immunodeficiency virus products, including Genvoya, Odefsey and Descovy, he said, noting that Gilead has said it may break out revenue guidance for the HIV and hepatitis C franchises going forward. “Bottom line though, investors are looking for reassurance on GILD’s HCV business and how the company is thinking about it,” said Mizuho analyst Salim Syed, adding that qualitative guidance from management on Gilead’s earnings call will also be important. Here’s what to expect: Earnings: Analysts expect Gilead to report earnings of $2.61 per share, down from $3.32 in the year-earlier period. Estimize, a software platform that uses crowdsourcing to garner earnings estimates from hedge-fund executives, brokerages and analysts, has Gilead earning less, or $2.50 per share. Gilead earnings have missed expectations in two of the past three quarters, according to FactSet. Revenue: Gilead is expected to report $7.14 billion in revenue, down from $8.50 billion in the year-earlier period. Estimize has Gilead reporting significantly more, at $7.20 billion. Gilead revenue has surpassed analyst expectations in all but one of the past 14 quarters, according to FactSet. Stock reaction: Gilead shares have risen 1.1% year-to-date, compared with a 2.3% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, +0.36% The average analyst rating on Gilead is overweight, with all but one of the 26 analysts surveyed by FactSet rating the company buy or hold. What to watch for: As with other pharmaceutical manufacturers, investors will be watching what products Gilead has in development — it has focused on developing drugs for the liver disease NASH and hepatitis B, and data on the HIV drug Bictegravir is expected soon — and its capital deployment. Untreated: Hepatitis C, America's Prison Epidemic(3:06) In America's prisons, Hepatitis C infection rates have reached epidemic levels. But most infected inmates aren't getting treated for the deadly disease because the drugs are too expensive. Video: Arielle Ray/WSJ. Photo: Ryan Collerd for The Wall Street Journal. The company also has about $25 billion in cash overseas, said Syed, which it could use to build a stable of oncology products. “Any additional color here would be of interest to investors,” he said. After losing a patent lawsuit to Merck, Gilead will have to pay its rival $2.5 billion in royalties on Sovaldi and Harvoni. The company may address how it will book that charge on Tuesday. Related: Gilead shares slip as jury sides with Merck in patent lawsuit And, as with anything lately, politics will be top of mind. Gilead management may discuss the president’s stance on drug prices, or who will be the next head of the Food and Drug Administration. Many in pharma, including Gilead, have said they favor Scott Gottlieb, a doctor and former deputy commissioner of the agency. More from MarketWatch Obama and Richard Branson in Kitesurfing Challenge 4 credit cards that will make you feel like a millionaire Trump voters agree ‘Bowling Green Massacre’ supports travel ban, poll finds Related Topics Earnings Markets U.S. Stocks Quote References GILD +0.77 +1.17% MRK -0.24 -0.37% ABBV -0.42 -0.69% SPX +8.23 +0.36% Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Gilead Sciences Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: GILD $66.36 +0.77 (+1.17%) Volume 15.9M Open $65.85 High $66.78 Low $65.43 P/E Ratio 6.68 Div Yield 3.13 Market Cap 86.4B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $64.15 -0.24 (-0.37%) Volume 8.4M Open $64.32 High $64.57 Low $63.96 P/E Ratio 31.6 Div Yield 2.93 Market Cap 177.5B AbbVie Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ABBV $60.42 -0.42 (-0.69%) Volume 5.7M Open $60.85 High $61.00 Low $60.27 P/E Ratio 16.64 Div Yield 4.24 Market Cap 98.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,316.10 +8.23 (+0.36%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,312 High 2,319 Low 2,311 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Andrey Rudakov/Bloomberg Big Pharma’s Offer to Trump: Discounts When Drugs Don’t Work by Jared S Hopkins @jaredshopkins More stories by Jared S Hopkins , Robert Langreth @RobertLangreth More stories by Robert Langreth , and James Paton @JamesPaton14 More stories by James Paton February 6, 2017, 12:25 PM EST Value-based pricing is ‘buzzword of the day:’ Allergan CEO Drugmakers are seeking to defuse outcry over drug prices President Donald Trump says drug prices are astronomical and something needs to be done. Pharmaceutical giants have an answer that doesn’t involve lowering list prices: refunding some of the money to insurers if a drug doesn’t work as expected. The concept of pay-for-performance isn’t new in the industry. But the number of such agreements between drugmakers and insurers has grown in the past year as Big Pharma seeks to defuse criticism over the soaring prices of some brand drugs, which can cost $10,000 a month or more for cancer treatments. “The new government in the U.S. with Trump talks about getting more value for less,” said Lars Fruergaard Jorgensen, chief executive officer of Novo Nordisk A/S, the world’s biggest maker of diabetes medicines. “Outcomes-based contracting could be one of the elements.” The drug industry is seeking to dodge Trump’s most drastic threats to reduce costs, including forcing companies to bid for government business. In a sign of how central value-based programs have become in the pushback, the lobby group Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America plans to roll out the concept later this month to the media as part of proposals on addressing drug pricing concerns. In recent weeks, executives have touted the idea during a big investor conference and on earnings calls, and brought it up unprompted in media interviews. The topic was also discussed when a group of top pharmaceutical CEOs met Trump at the White House last week. “The buzzword of the day is value-based pricing paradigms,” Brent Saunders, CEO of Allergan Plc, said in a January interview. For more on the outrage over high drug prices in the U.S., see this QuickTake. While reimbursing part of the cost for a treatment that doesn’t perform well sounds like a sensible solution, the concept is hard to execute. In conditions like diabetes or high cholesterol, results can be tracked with simple numerical measures -- but it may be harder to pull off in areas like depression or cancer. There’s also little evidence that pay-for-performance will significantly lower drug prices overall. And one of the largest drug benefit managers in the country, Express Scripts Holding Co., has criticized outcomes-based plans. Still, many insurance companies are intrigued. Cigna Corp., for instance, has entered into seven outcomes-based deals since 2009, including two last year for injectable cholesterol-lowering drugs. Outcomes-Based Contract Novo, based in Bagsvaerd, Denmark, recently signed its first contract for the diabetes drug Victoza as part of a pilot project with Humana Inc. At least five other companies have inked deals with various insurers in the past year, including Novartis, Merck & Co., Amgen Inc., Sanofi, and Eli Lilly & Co. Details on those agreements are proprietary, and remain scant. Swiss giant Novartis, one of the biggest boosters of the concept, has deals in place to refund four insurers, including Cigna and Humana, if its Entresto drug doesn’t keep heart failure patients out the hospital. It is considering agreements for leukemia treatment Tasigna, which costs more than $12,000 a month, and multiple sclerosis drug Gilenya, which lists for about $6,700 monthly, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. While it’s “quite early” for the pricing approach, “there are more and more sophisticated payers both in the U.S. and Europe that are starting to put data in place,” CEO Joe Jimenez told reporters on Jan. 25. “We’ve been able to get the best of both worlds,” said Chris Bradbury, senior vice president of integrated clinical and specialty drug solutions at Cigna. The insurer gets competitive guaranteed discounts on prescriptions, and “the manufacturer is aligned and accountable when something doesn’t work.” So far, all the drugs have performed up to expectations. Additional Rebates Drugmakers have defended their pricing system, saying it helps fund research and development of life-saving medicines. The value-based model offers a way to potentially lower health-care costs -- in the case of Novartis’s Entresto, cutting hospital expenses -- while maintaining the prices of drugs that work. Models are based on average population results, not individual patients. In Lilly’s partnership with Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, the regional non-profit insurance provider gets additional rebates if fewer patients using Lilly’s diabetes treatment Trulicity drug meet blood sugar goals than expected. This type of arrangement “can bend the cost curve but also reward the innovations that actually make the biggest difference,” Dave Ricks, CEO of Indianapolis-based Lilly, said during a January interview. ‘Really Complicated’ Digital data and medical records helped make pay-for-performance popular, yet tracking the results remains difficult with conditions that have subjective metrics, like those in the central nervous system. “Everyone likes the idea of outcomes-based contracting, but the contracts themselves are really complicated,” said Mark Fendrick, director of the Center for Value-Based Insurance Design at the University of Michigan. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up While outcomes-based pricing is useful for some drugs, the obstacles to apply the concept across the board “are nearly insurmountable,” said Peter Bach of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. It could require calling patients in for additional tests they don’t need merely to determine reimbursement. And because almost all of the details are proprietary, it is hard to know whether the existing programs are actually saving money, he said. “It would lower some drug prices, but the idea that this is a panacea is unfounded,” said Roger Longman, CEO of Real Endpoints, which analyzes drug reimbursements. “There is a significant amount of hype around these deals.” Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts, agrees. The drug benefit manager prefers simpler arrangements that refund money if a patient discontinues an expensive cancer or inflammation drug prematurely, rather than agreements that link discounts to hard-to-track results. “Most of these get launched with great fanfare and most of them go away because administrative burden eats up all the savings,” Miller said in a December interview. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Which clinical-stage biotech stock wins in a head-to-head match-up between Agenus and Alnylam? Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Feb 6, 2017 at 9:42AM Agenus (NASDAQ:AGEN) and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ALNY) are both clinical-stage biotechs developing drugs that hold the potential to make a big difference for patients. Shares of both companies have dropped dramatically since October. Which biotech stock is now the better pick for investors? Here's how Agenus and Alnylam compare. The case for Agenus For any clinical-stage biotech, the most important thing investors have to evaluate the stock is the potential for the company's pipeline. Agenus has plenty going for it on that front. Perhaps the most compelling evidence of the biotech's pipeline strength is the interest attracted from important players in the industry. GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK) licensed Agenus' QS-21 Stimulon adjuvant for use in two of its vaccines in late-stage development. The biggest opportunity could be with the Shingrix shingles vaccine. Glaxo submitted for U.S. regulatory approval of Shingrix in October. If approved, the vaccine could reach annual sales topping $1 billion within the next five years. Image source: Getty Images. Agenus has already received a nice chunk of money from GlaxoSmithKline. In September 2015, Glaxo paid the biotech $78.2 million as a kind of advance on future royalties from its two vaccines that use QS-21 Stimulon.  A few weeks ago, Agenus announced a collaboration with the National Cancer Institute (NCI) on a mid-stage clinical study. This study will combine Agenus' individualized autologous vaccine candidate Prophage with Merck's Keytruda in treating newly diagnosed glioblastoma. Merck is also partnering with Agenus on an undisclosed pre-clinical candidate. Incyte is another larger company interested in Agenus' pipeline. The two companies are working together to study an anti-OX40 agonist antibody. A phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating the pipeline candidate in treating advanced or metastatic solid tumors is in progress. Incyte and Agenus are also collaborating on development of an anti-GITR antibody candidate in an early-stage study. Agenus also has another candidate in its pipeline -- CTLA-4 agonist AGEN1884. In addition, the biotech is exploring development of several pre-clinical checkpoint antibodies. The case for Alnylam Just a few months ago, the investing thesis for Alnylam would have focused primarily on experimental hereditary ATTR amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy (hATTR-CM) drug revusiran. However, that changed in October, when the biotech announced that it was discontinuing development of revusiran due to safety concerns. Why should investors consider Alnylam after this setback? The main reason is that the company's pipeline includes three other late-stage candidates using its RNA interference (RNAi) approach. Patisiran targets treatment of hereditary ATTR (hATTR) amyloidosis, a rare genetic disorder which affects around 50,000 people worldwide. Alnylam reported positive phase 2 results that showed evidence for the experimental drug in potentially halting or improving neuropathy progression in patients. Top-line results from a phase 3 study of patisiran are expected in mid-2017. French drugmaker Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) licensed rights to the drug outside of North America and western Europe. Alnylam begins late-stage studies of fitusiran in treating hemophilia A and B early this year. Early-stage results were promising, with the experimental RNAi therapeutic helping to improve bleed management for hemophilia patients. Sanofi exercised its option to co-develop fitusiran in November. The final late-stage candidate for Alnylam is inclisiran. Data from a phase 2 study of the experimental high-cholesterol drug is expected early this year. Alnylam plans to begin late-stage studies in the first half of 2017. Another RNAi candidate, givosiran, targets treatment of an ultra-rare disease called acute hepatic porphyrias. Alnylam plans to report more data from an early-stage clinical study of givosiran in mid-2017. The company expects to initiate a late-stage study of the experimental drug by the end of the year. Alnylam's pipeline also includes four other early-stage candidates. The company has global marketing rights for two of them, with the other two subject to partner option rights. Better buy Had Alnylam not experienced the big setback with revusiran, the decision between these two biotech stocks would be pretty easy. Agenus' pipeline doesn't have as many late-stage candidates as Alnylam's does, which would give Alnylam a significant advantage. However, investors are understandably jittery about what will happen with Alnylam's other RNAi therapeutics. The main knock against buying Agenus right now is that the company only has enough cash to get through the first half of this year. Expect another stock offering soon, which means the value of existing shares will be diluted. Alnylam, on the other hand, reported over $1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and fixed income marketable securities at the end of the third quarter. The biotech shouldn't have to raise additional cash anytime soon. I like the long-term prospects for Agenus. The biotech could be an attractive acquisition target for a larger player at some point. For now, though, with its deep pipeline and solid cash position, Alnylam appears to be the better pick for investors.  Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alnylam Pharmaceuticals. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Feb 6, 2017 at 9:42AM Health Care Stocks Sanofi NYSE:SNY $42.57 down $0.13 (-0.30%) GlaxoSmithKline NYSE:GSK $40.28 up $0.26 (0.65%) Alnylam Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:ALNY $45.57 up $0.61 (1.36%) Agenus NASDAQ:AGEN $4.09 up $0.05 (1.24%) Read More Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents Progress -- Investors Dig It Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Discloses Deaths, Waits for More Data Why Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Is Down 37.3% This Year Here's Why Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Plunged 59.8% in 2016 Regeneron's Bold Bet on the Future of Medicine Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $SNY, $GSK, $ALNY, $AGEN
Press Esc to close Saturday 11 February 2017 News updated at 3:08 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 32.6°C Min : 15.5°C In Bengaluru clear sky  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper    TN Minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp      Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme for UP      Sasikala seeks appointment with Guv to parade MLAs      2 AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join Panneerselvam camp      Trump's U turn on Taiwan shows he is learning: Chinese media      Sangeet Som's brother held for carrying gun inside polling booth      Modi likes peeping into bathrooms, not doing his job: Rahul Gandhi      Ambassador brand now gets a new owner in Peugeot      Interceptor missile successfully test-fired      17 dead in stampede at Angolan football stadium: police      ISRO to launch record 104 satellites on Feb 15      Trump says considering signing new order on Immigration      Hong Kong subway arson attack injures 18      Uttar Pradesh: About 45 pc votes polled till 2 PM      Teacher 'pulls down nursery kids' underwear in classroom'      New IIMB director 'Rail Raghu' is transport, infrastructure expert      BBMP burdened with tonnes of waste-derived fuel      Bengaluru's first delivery girl flies with wings of fire      Australian police on hunt for Prabha's killer hit dead-end      HC seeks report on 'hostage' MLAs      Trump loses bid to restore travel ban      G Raghuram named IIMB director      Passenger opens plane's escape exit      Big-ticket Oracle, L&T projects get govt okay      PMO orders crackdown on deviant shell companies      Probe reveals I-T officer helped wife of scamster      SC not to hear plea on Sasikala's swearing-in      Centre hopeful of resolving H-1B visa row      Cong wary of meddling in Tamil Nadu affairs      HC allows wife of BSF jawan to meet him      All eyes on Jat, Muslim voters      Case of survival for RLD      Mulayam to address first rally today      PM invokes saint to woo farmers, Dalits      Rajnath defends Modi's remark on Manmohan      US policy review casts shadow on prospective fighter deal with India      Six-nation meet to discuss Afghan issue      Budgetary outlay for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan falls short      SC rejects claims of man over sister's property      Rao appears to be waiting for SC judgement on Sasikala case      After 5 decades, Chinese soldier who crossed over to fly back      Wait for CM in TN gets longer      Sasikala's bid to capture power a daydream: Panneerselvam      No comeback plans, have right to question as shareholders: Pai      BSF jawan's Facebook accounts under scanner for 'Pak friends'      Need for maximum oppn unity, note ban a diversion: Nitish      I have expelled Sasikala, says Panneerselvam faction leader      Infy investor reposes faith in Sikka leadership      Be wary of families which looted UP,country: Modi to UP voters      More women in leadership would make world safer: Dalai Lama      SC declines urgent hearing on plea to promote national anthem      MLAs in Sasikala camp dismiss allegations of their detention      King Kohli climbs 'The Wall', eclipses 'The Don'      Sena hails development works of Congress since Independence      ISIS continues to recruit from Af-Pak border region: UN report      Jaya's soul will not forgive Panneerselvam: AIADMK      Row over food: HC allows wife of BSF jawan to meet him      Kohli doubles India's delight      SC declines urgent hearing on PIL against Sasikala      Trump agrees to honour 'One China' policy in call with Xi      Lockheed says U.S. may take 'fresh look' at its India F-16 plan      US federal court declines to reinstate Trump's travel ban     Next Story Infrastructure status to 'affordable housing' good for economy Read more >> You are here: Home » Panorama » Trump vows to ease rules for drugmakers Trump vows to ease rules for drugmakers Katie Thomas, Feb 6, 2017, International New York Times: But lowering the costs of drugs would remain a focus for the US president Donald Trump promised some of the nation’s top drug company executives in a meeting at the White House recently that he would slash regulations at the Food and Drug Administration and make it easier for them to manufacture products in the United States. He also described as “fantastic” the person he planned to nominate for commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, someone he said would streamline the agency and get drug approval decisions faster. “You can’t get approval for the plant, and you can’t get approval for the drug; other than that, you’re doing fantastic,” Trump said at the meeting, to laughter from top executives of companies like Merck, Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly and Novartis. But even as he struck a cordial tone with them, he said that lowering drug costs would remain a focus and that he would discuss the issue further during the nonpublic portion of the meeting, away from the news media. “The US drug companies have produced extraordinary results for our country, but the pricing has been astronomical,” Trump said. “We have to get prices down for a lot of reasons.” Battered by public outrage over the rising costs of drugs in recent years, the drug industry has regarded Trump warily in recent weeks. Pharmaceutical and biotechnology stocks rallied after his election as investors bet that Trump would reduce corporate taxes and adopt more industry-friendly policies than his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, who had made reducing drug prices a campaign issue. But that optimism gave way to unease after Trump pledged to tackle the drug pricing issue himself, including raising the possibility of allowing Medicare to negotiate prices of drugs directly, something the industry has long opposed. Just a few weeks ago, Trump singled out the pharma industry for its high prices, accusing it of “getting away with murder.” At the meeting, Trump again referred to Medicare’s role, saying he would oppose anything that prevented competition, including “price fixing by the biggest dog in the market, Medicare, which is what’s happening.” A White House spokesman later clarified that his remarks meant that the president “supports increasing bidding and competition for all drugs in Medicare.”But the president also tried to persuade the executives that he would provide them assistance, saying: “We can save tens of billions of dollars, and you people are going to do great. You’re going to do great.” In comments after the meeting, the drug-industry leaders said that it had been productive and that they welcomed the president’s pledges on cutting regulations and speeding approvals. The naysayers But drug-safety advocates criticized his comments, saying that eliminating agency regulations would mean rolling back consumer protections on products as diverse as drugs, cosmetics, food and dietary supplements. “Trump’s horrifying proposal reflects utter ignorance about the FDA’s essential role in protecting public health and once again demonstrates his commitment to placing corporate profits above protecting the safety of the American people,” said Dr Michael Carome, director of Public Citizen’s health research group. Carome said many of the regulations had been set up by Congress so they could not easily be removed. “Most of these regulations, to do away with them would require new statutes and new laws to be passed,” he said. Others said the agency had already loosened the approval process for new drugs in recent years, with questionable benefit. “Streamlining drug approvals sounds good, but the agency has already weakened approval standards and patients are paying the price — hugely expensive drugs that don’t even work,” said Diana Zuckerman, president of the National Centre for Health Research, a Washington research group that advocates strong safety and efficacy standards. She recently studied expensive new cancer drugs and found that many did not help patients feel better or live longer. During the meeting, Trump also told the executives that he was close to naming a candidate to lead the FDA. “You’re going to get your products — either approved or not approved — but it’s going to be a quick process,” he said. “It’s not going to take 15 years,” apparently a reference not to the length of time it takes the agency to approve drugs but to how long it takes to develop a drug. Unnecessary delays He also appeared to express frustration at what he said were unnecessary delays by the agency, especially for drugs that treat patients who are close to death. The agency justifies the delay by saying it needs to evaluate whether the drug is safe and whether it works, Trump said. “We can’t approve the drug because we don’t want to hurt the patient,” he said, “but the patient is not going to live more than four weeks.” The Trump administration has not said who the finalists to lead the FDA are, but two widely circulated candidates are Dr Scott Gottlieb, a former FDA official with long-standing ties to the pharmaceutical industry, and Jim O’Neill, an associate of billionaire Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel, who has said he favoured allowing drugs to be approved even if their efficacy had not been proved. At the meeting, many of the drug industry leaders were eager to emphasise their long histories in the United States as well as their US manufacturing plants, even though the pharmaceutical industry — like many others — has increasingly moved its production overseas. More than half the finished drug products that are sold in the United States are made here, according to a recent report in The Wall Street Journal, but the majority of the raw ingredients used to make those products are manufactured in countries like China and India. Even Joseph Jimenez, the chief executive of the Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis, emphasized the company’s US ties, pointing out the billions of dollars it spends on research and development and saying, “Our global headquarters is near Boston.” Eric Althoff, a spokesman for Novartis, which is based in Basel, Switzerland, said Jimenez was referring to the company’s research and development headquarters. Jimenez and others supported Trump’s pledge to cut taxes and regulations. “One of the things that can help us is a lower tax rate,” Jimenez said. “Yep, we’ll get it,” Trump replied.   Tweet Go to Top Videos 'PM Modi likes peeping into others' bathroom':... Massive fire breaks out in Tata Cancer... People no more believe in hollowness of... Menthya Gojju Pudi (Methi Gravy powder) Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Should learn from Dr. Singh how to bathe in bathroom wearing a raincoat: Modi 2.Kejriwal to undergo treatment in Bengaluru for high blood sugar 3.PM remarks unheard of in parl democracy,he must apologise:Cong 4.Modi's raincoat jibe on Manmohan extremely demeaning: Vadra 5.Sasikala to become Tamil Nadu CM 1.Ford to invest $1 bn in artificial intelligence startup 2.500-kg Egyptian Woman reaches Mumbai for weight loss treatment 3.Why mosquitoes are attracted to people with malaria decoded 4.'Almonds may boost cardiovascular health in diabetic Indians' 5.Bubbling with stories 1. King Kohli climbs 'The Wall', eclipses 'The Don' 2. Italian woman donates Rs 28 lakh gold crown to Saibaba 3. Kohli doubles India's delight 4. SC declines urgent hearing on PIL against Sasikala 5. Teacher 'pulls down nursery kids' underwear in classroom' Photo Gallery A boy spreads red chillies to dry at a farm on the outskirts of Ahmedabad... World's tallest sand castle on Puri beach created by Sand artist Sudarshan Pattnaik ... A view of snow covered mountains after heavy snowfall in Shimla... The Sunsets in the backdrop of parked IAF helicopters after a rehearsal ahead of AERO INDIA ... Ajinkya Rahane plays a shot in a match against Bangladesh... Virat Kohli celebrates his 200 runs during the test match against Bangladesh... Vijay Goyal with AIFF President Praful Patel during the launch of logo for U-17 FIFA world cup ... A bird quenches its thirst with the water dripping out of a water tap in Kolkata... Protesters throw stones on security forces during restrictions in Srinagar... IAF's aerobatic team 'Sarang' performs during a rehersal ahead of AERO INDIA 2017... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 February 2017 by Military News Trump’s Plan to Lower Drug Costs Is a Fairy Tale Image source: U.S. Department of Defense Current Photos, Flickr. The first days of the Trump presidency could appropriately be described as a whirlwind. During Trump’s first 10 1/2 days in office, he issued more aggregate executive orders and proclamations (20) than any modern-day president. And the actions just keep coming. Trump’s vision to fix drug prices in America On Tuesday, Jan. 31, Trump met with the CEOs of a number of major drugmakers to discuss how to get drug costs in America under control. These included the heads of Johnson & Johnson , Amgen (NASDAQ: AMGN) , Novartis , Merck , Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY) , and the head of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America lobbying group. The message was simple, according to Trump: We have to get the prices [of drugs] way down. We have to get lower prices, we have to get even better innovation, and I want you to move your companies back to the United States. I want you to manufacture in the United States. Trump’s bluntness with drugmakers laid out a series of actions he’d like to see come to fruition during his tenure as president. First, Trump implied that the drug approval process would be streamlined with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to allow drug developers to bring their potentially game-changing products to market even faster. According to the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development, the average cost per approved drug is $2.56 billion, which includes an estimated average of $1.4 billion in out-of-pocket costs, and $1.16 billion in time costs. Secondly, Trump wants to give more bargaining power to Medicare and Medicaid to negotiate the purchasing price of drugs. While Medicaid and the VA currently have the ability to bargain on their behalf, Medicare is barred from doing so, resulting in a considerably smaller discount to list price compared with its sister program, Medicaid. Image source: Getty Images. Third, Trump wants to “end global freeloading” on U.S. pharmaceutical products. In plainer terms, he wants to try to level the playing field between what U.S. consumers pay for drugs compared with citizens in other countries that may have pricing controls in place. Trump aims to level the field by prioritizing countries that “pay their fair share for U.S.-manufactured drugs, so our companies have greater financial resources to accelerate development of new cures.” Fourth, Trump wants to encourage drugmakers to manufacture their products domestically by enticing them with corporate income-tax reform. To be clear, Trump’s corporate income-tax proposal goes for all businesses, not just the pharmaceutical industry. Trump laid out a plan during his campaign to cut corporate income taxes to 15% from 35%, as well as provide U.S. multinationals with the opportunity to repatriate overseas cash at a special holiday rate of 10%. Presumably, providing a more competitive corporate income-tax rate of 15% could reduce the desire of companies to seek tax-inversion deals that allow them to redomicile their headquarters in a country with a lower corporate tax rate. The response from the drug-company heads was mostly encouraging. Eli Lilly CEO Dave Ricks opined, “Tax, deregulation — those are things that could really help us expand operations,” according to Reuters. Separately, Amgen CEO Bob Bradway promised to add 1,600 jobs this year. This comes after Amgen laid off roughly 4,000 workers in 2014 on the heels of high phase 3 expenses and drug launch costs. Image source: Getty Images. This is a tough pill to swallow On paper, these ideas might sound encouraging. For drugmakers, their discussion with Trump establishes that he isn’t out to make their existence miserable. However, truth be told, Trump’s ideas to lower drug prices are probably nothing more than a fairy tale. Though they may sound great on paper, they fail to address some key issues. Let’s take this from top to bottom. 1. Deregulating the FDA isn’t a smart idea First, Trump has very little chance of deregulating the FDA to the extent that it considerably expedites the drug-approval process. The FDA is in place to provide qualitative and safety checks on all stages of the development and manufacturing process, and the price to be paid is that it can take an average of a decade to bring new drugs to market. Removing some of these critical steps could mean bringing unsafe or ineffective therapies to consumers. Trump overlooks the fact that the U.S. introduced the breakthrough therapy designation in 2012, allowing game-changing experimental medications to be reviewed by the FDA based on phase 1/2 data, significantly shortening the process by which drugs make it to market. Even before the breakthrough designation was introduced, the FDA had a historically faster review process for novel therapeutics than other global regulatory agencies. Efficiency isn’t an issue with the FDA, and the drug approval process arguably works pretty well. Trying to rejigger the regulations the FDA abides by could be a logistical nightmare. Image source: Getty Images. 2. Free-market economics will likely prevail Interestingly enough, the public would like to see Trump’s vision of Medicare being able to negotiate on its own behalf come to fruition. A Kaiser Family Foundation survey from the previous year found that 87% of respondents want Medicare to have the power to negotiate on its own behalf, lowering net drug prices in the process. Unfortunately, this isn’t likely to happen during at least the first half of the Trump presidency. Republicans in Congress usually prefer the idea of allowing the free market to dictate the pricing of goods and services and are thus unlikely to allow the federal government to exercise its power in terms of influencing the drug-pricing process. 3. Prioritizing trading partners will be ineffective Trump will also have to come to terms with the fact that he won’t be able to dictate drug-pricing controls in foreign markets. Prioritizing trading partners might seem doable, but what’s to say it doesn’t result in retaliatory tariffs in other aspects of U.S. exports? Image source: Getty Images. Trying to tie foreign markets to the U.S. healthcare system also makes no sense, because the U.S. healthcare system is nothing like any other country out there. Most foreign countries (at least those considered to be developed) have universal health plans that specifically control drug pricing. The U.S. has no universal health plan, which means no controls on pricing. Trump’s trying to make a square peg fit into a round hole by pigeonholing U.S. pricing standards on foreign markets, and it’s almost certainly not going to work. 4. Tax breaks won’t be enough to entice domestic production Fourth, deregulation and tax breaks still probably won’t be enough to entice U.S. multinationals to manufacture their drugs in the U.S. Even though tax breaks will allow U.S.-based companies to keep more of their profits, there’s no guarantee that these excess profits, or repatriated cash for that matter, will go toward more headcount in the U.S. or domestic manufacturing. The CNBC Global CFO survey conducted in December across a myriad of sectors found that just 12.5% of U.S. CEOs had plans to increase headcount if they repatriate their overseas cash. Trump is going to have to understand that not only can’t he dictate how foreign countries price their drugs; he also can’t dictate how U.S. drugmakers spend their cash. The biggest unaddressed issue Image source: Getty Images. But the biggest issue of all is that Trump’s drug-pricing discussions didn’t address the initial pricing of pharmaceuticals in the United States. This isn’t to say that price increases on existing therapeutics isn’t an issue. For instance, Segal Consulting notes that specialty drugs increased in price by 18.9% in 2016, and they’re expected to rise by 18.7% in 2017. That’s a clear problem. However, the real issue is that drugmakers have the ability to set initial price points for rare-disease and specialty therapeutics that are in the five- and six-digit range, annually, once approved. There’s nothing for the FDA or lawmakers to reference that describes the cost-to-patient benefit profile when it comes to drug pricing. Until there is some sort of uniform way of consistently pricing newly approved products to the benefits they offer the patient, Trump’s efforts to reduce drug pricing will be futile at best. 10 stocks we like better than Amgen When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Amgen wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of January 4, 2017 Sean Williams has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, defense, Food and Beverage, headquarters, Health, Industry, major, Markets, Uncategorized, uniform, Video Games Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fewer Americans Now Expect to Die in Debt Next PostNext Negotiations break off for Canadian Border Services Agency workers Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Swanson: Travel ban effects felt in Minn. nursing homes, care Scarsella trial exhibits show deep-rooted racism before 5 were shot Lunds court battle continues with siblings taking company's side Athletes need better training on sexual misconduct, U says Dayton pitches $62 million expansion of college grant program Mr. Minnesota Basketball Award account's tweet draws ire Close game goes Wild's way in 2-1 shootout victory over Tampa Bay Pelicans, Anthony Davis demolish Wolves again Paisley Park alums put $25,000 jacket and more Prince items up for auction Ice Shanty Projects make a fun, meltable community on White Bear Lake Coen brothers set to bring back 'Scarface' in 2018 next Business 412624803 Manufacturing executives will visit Washington to advise President Trump By Neal St. Anthony Star Tribune February 5, 2017 — 6:56am Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint President Donald Trump has announced a manufacturing jobs initiative that he said will include meetings with the CEOs of America’s largest manufacturing firms, including 3M Co. Trump plans to “continually seek information and perspectives from a diverse range of business leaders ... on how best to promote job growth,” according to a statement from the White House. The leaders invited include Maplewood-based 3M as well as Lockheed Martin and General Electric. Despite monthly job growth of 150,000 or so and a record number of Americans working, the Obama administration was vexed by the continued slow decline of U.S. manufacturing employment that began in the 1980s. In response to Trump’s invitation, 3M CEO Inge Thulin said in a statement that he is “honored to be asked to participate in this presidential initiative” and looks forward to engaging “on the important issues relating to American manufacturing.” It is not yet known when the meetings will be scheduled. Manufacturing experts said they expect issues discussed to include workforce training, robotics, programming and technology needs of today’s factories as well as tax and regulatory relief, exports, trade tariffs, and patent protections. Initial business leaders assisting with Trump’s Manufacturing Jobs Initiative include: Andrew Liveris of Dow Chemical, Michael Dell of Dell Technologies; John Ferriola, Nucor Corp.; Jeff Fettig, Whirlpool Corp., Mark Fields of Ford Motor, Ken Frazier of Merck & Co., Alex Gorsky of Johnson & Johnson; Greg Hayes, United Technologies and Jeff Immelt, General Electric. Dee DePass and Neal St. Anthony Wealth transfer plans lacking, survey funds Most upper-end Americans are unprepared to handle wealth, according to new research by RBC Wealth Management and Scorpio Partnership. Only 30 percent of millionaire families have a full “wealth transfer plan” in place, and 30 percent said they have done nothing to ready for the transfer of their estate to their heirs. Only 37 percent of American inheritors had conversations with their benefactors about their inheritance before receiving the assets. “It’s a trend that appears to repeat itself generation after generation,” said Tom Sagissor, president of RBC Wealth Management-U.S. “But there are encouraging signs. … Parents today are educating their children about wealth at an earlier age and doing a better job of engaging them in conversations about the inheritance they will one day receive.” The summer 2016 survey was of 3,105 individuals from the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom who have an average net worth of $4.5 million, including givers and recipients. Americans are the most proactive — 60 percent of parents — when it comes to educating the next generation. Half of U.S. respondents said they are confident their children will be able to grow their wealth, compared to just 39 percent in the U.K. and 42 percent in Canada. Other key findings : • Those going through an inheritance received no professional help or guidance in the aftermath of the bequest. • Experience is the best teacher. Individuals are far more likely to have a wealth transfer strategy if they themselves have received an inheritance already: 37 percent of those in the United States who have inherited wealth have a full strategy, and 58 percent of those have a will. • When parents have a wealth-transfer strategy in place, they feel more confident that their heirs will be capable of preserving family wealth. “Discussions around estate and succession planning can be emotionally charged, so families tend to shy away,” said Bill Ringham, senior wealth strategist at RBC. “For families that want to leave a legacy and ensure the nest egg … is protected across generations, communication and planning are key.” Neal St. Anthony Nathanson discusses his new book about Minneapolis’ downtown history Iric Nathanson, a son of Minneapolis who retired last year at 76 from the Minneapolis Consortium of Community Developers (MCCD) after years of helping finance small businesses, is also a writer and local historian. Nathanson has written “Images of Downtown Minneapolis,” which uses historic photos and narrative to explain how downtown has surmounted challenges over the years and continues to grow employment and house more people. The old warehouse district, pretty dilapidated just a few decades ago, has evolved into the thriving “North Loop.” And Nathanson is confident the city will survive the closing of Macy’s, formerly Dayton’s, and come out stronger. Nathanson will sign books at the Nicollet Mall Barnes and Noble on Thursday from noon to 1 p.m. and discuss “Downtown Minneapolis” at the Hennepin History Museum, 2303 Third Av. S., at 2 p.m. on Saturday. Neal St. Anthony Neal.St.Anthony@startribune.com 612-673-7144 View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Close game goes Wild's way in 2-1 shootout victory over Tampa Bay Scarsella trial exhibits show deep-rooted racism before 5 were shot Vikings release offensive linemen Fusco and Harris Trump pushes Supreme Court pick with traditional game plan Obama tells the Economist what is right and wrong with the economy and what the next president faces Mankato home of beloved Betsy-Tacy character on, off market Nye's closing: Shouldn't preservation include cultural assets, not just bricks and mortar? Jamal Abdulahi: CAIR-MN overreaches on CVE program More From Business Business Just Updated Sunday conversation with Melissa DeLay, Minneapolis consultant who helps execs speak and write better For five years, Melissa DeLay, of Minneapolis-based TruPerception, has helped executives communicate better. Variety 2:40am Sargento recalls cheese due to possible contamination Wisconsin-based cheesemaker Sargento Foods Inc. is recalling a specialty cheese because of possible bacterial contamination. National 2:20am Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass When President Donald Trump rages about unfair trading practices, he usually directs his ire at China and Mexico. National 2:00am Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe President Donald Trump, fresh off patching up ties with China, reassured Japan's leader that the U.S. will defend its close ally. Together, the pronouncements illustrated a shift toward a more mainstream Trump stance on U.S. policy toward Asia. Business 1:30am Hockey prepares Plan B if NHL players don't go to Olympics If the NHL doesn't send its players to the 2018 Winter Olympics, the hockey tournament in Pyeongchang will look familiar.It will look a lot like… Related Coverage Republican bakery-cafe owner in Mpls. scores with 'The Donald' sandwich Feb. 5 Most Read Lunds court battle continues with siblings taking company's side • Business Zift Medical looks to take physical, financial pain out of brow lifts • Business Target launches new mini-accelerator for health-related start-ups • Business Delta CEO announces job growth plan after meeting with Trump • Business Despite uptick at MNsure, Minnesota's individual market declines 30 percent • Business World Powerful quake kills at least 6 in southern Philippines France is on edge as more terror arrests made Nation Sweeping immigration enforcement raids occur in at least 6 states Army lifts ban on dreadlocks, and black servicewomen rejoice Politics Angry voters flood town halls of GOP lawmakers Dayton pitches $62 million expansion of college grant program markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Close game goes Wild's way in 2-1 shootout victory over Tampa Bay Ryan Carter, with nothing certain, gives Wild another try Wolves Pelicans, Anthony Davis demolish Wolves again Pelicans coach full of praise for Lance Stephenson Gophers Gophers' Murphy focuses on rebounds; scoring follows suit Athletes need better training on sexual misconduct, U says Celebrities Coen brothers set to bring back 'Scarface' in 2018 Museum ends Shia LaBeouf project, citing safety concerns Vikings Vikings release offensive linemen Fusco and Harris Why Randy Moss is a first-ballot Hall of Famer — and why he could be denied poll Poll: What are the Gophers chances of making the NCAA men's basketba... 10,000 Takes My secret to making friends in the Twin Cities? Lots of Tinder dates Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Unsure when next ones will come, Minnesota welcomes refugees 02:10 Refugee workers turned out in force to greet a family from Afghanistan at Minneapolis-St. ... Taste 9 Twin Cities bars and restaurants where you can warm up by a great fireplace Resistance is futile with one of these luscious Valentine's Day desserts StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News EyeGate Pharmaceuticals Announces Executive Promotions WALTHAM, Mass., Feb. 06, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — EyeGate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EYEG) (“EyeGate” or the “Company”), a specialty pharmaceutical company that focuses on developing and commercializing products for treating diseases and disorders of the eye, today announced the promotion of three Company executives: Sarah Romano, Corporate Controller, has been named Interim Chief Financial Officer; Lisa Brandano has been promoted from Director, Clinical Operations to Vice President, Clinical Operations; and Carol Assang, Associate Director, Clinical Operations has been named Director, Clinical Operations. “Since joining EyeGate, Sarah has been an integral member of our finance team, while Lisa and Carol have made invaluable contributions to our clinical operations group. Their promotions reflect not only their excellent work to-date, but our confidence in their respective abilities to help lead the Company into the future. We believe that these promotions will allow EyeGate to benefit further from their experience and expertise as we continue to develop our pipeline programs and grow the company,” commented Stephen From, President and Chief Executive Officer of EyeGate.  Sarah Romano joined EyeGate Pharmaceuticals as Corporate Controller in 2016, and has been responsible for the Company’s accounting, tax, financial reporting, and internal controls. Prior to joining EyeGate, Ms. Romano served as Assistant Controller at TechTarget and Corporate Controller at Bowdoin Group, a healthcare-focused executive recruiting firm. Previously, she held financial reporting positions of increasing responsibility at SoundBite Communications until its acquisition by Genesys in 2013, and was a Senior Financial Reporting Analyst at Cognex Corporation, a publicly-traded manufacturer of machine vision systems, software and sensors. Ms. Romano began her career as an Auditor in the Boston office of PricewaterhouseCoopers. A licensed CPA in Massachusetts, she holds a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting from College of the Holy Cross and Masters of Accounting from Boston College. Lisa Brandano joined EyeGate in 2011, and has served as Associate Director and Director of Clinical Operations. Prior to joining EyeGate, she served as Assistant Managing Director of the Boston Office and Director of Clinical Trial Operations at CATO Research, an international contract research organization. During her 11 years with CATO, she was involved in the oversight and facilitation of global clinical operations. Previously, she held clinical research coordinator and laboratory science roles at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston. Ms. Brandano holds a BS in biology from Emmanuel College, and since 2003, she has been a certified clinical research associate (CRA) with the Association of Clinical Research Professionals (ACRP). Carol Assang joined EyeGate in 2010, and has been responsible for all aspects of clinical study planning and the execution of multiple clinical development programs. Prior to joining EyeGate, Ms. Assang served as an Associate Project Director/Senior Clinical Associate at New England Research Institutes, where she was responsible for clinical development and operations of several programs. Previously, Ms. Assang served as Program Manager at Harvard Clinical Research Institute, Clinical Studies Coordinator at Tufts-New England Medical Center, Associate Medical Program Coordinator at Merck and a Consultant at Alliance Pharmaceuticals. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry and Mathematics from Wesleyan University and Master’s Degree in Chemistry from Yale University.      About EyeGate: EyeGate is a clinical-stage specialty pharmaceutical company that is focused on developing and commercializing products for treating diseases and disorders of the eye. EGP-437, the Company’s first product in clinical trials, incorporates a reformulated topically active corticosteroid, Dexamethasone Phosphate that is delivered into the ocular tissues through EyeGate’s proprietary innovative drug delivery system, the EyeGate® II Delivery System. In addition, EyeGate is developing, through its wholly-owned Jade subsidiary, products using cross-linked thiolated carboxymethyl hyaluronic acid (“CMHA-S”), a modified form of the natural polymer hyaluronic acid (HA), which possesses unique physical and chemical properties such as hydration and healing properties. The ability of CMHA-S to adhere longer to the ocular surface, resist degradation and protect the ocular surface makes it well-suited for treating various ocular surface injuries. For more information, please visit www.EyeGatePharma.com. Safe Harbor Statement: Some of the statements in this press release are “forward-looking” and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking” statements include statements relating to, among other things, the commercialization efforts and other regulatory or marketing approval efforts pertaining to EyeGate’s products, including EyeGate’s EGP-437 combination product and those of Jade, a wholly owned subsidiary of EyeGate, as well as the success thereof, with such approvals or success may not be obtained or achieved on a timely basis or at all. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from the statements set forth in this press release, including, among other things, certain risk factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on November 02, 2016 or described in our other public filings. Our results may also be affected by factors of which we are not currently aware. The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. EyeGate expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to such statements to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any changes in the events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
Contact:
Lee Roth / Janhavi Mohite
The Ruth Group for EyeGate Pharmaceuticals
646-536-7012 / 7026
lroth@theruthgroup.com / jmohite@theruthgroup.com
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts, Companies, company, officer, private, Science, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Post Holdings Announces Pricing of Senior Notes Offerings Next PostNext Viper Energy Partners LP, a Subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc., Announces Its Fourth Quarter Cash Distribution and Schedules Fourth Quarter 2016 Conference Call for February 15, 2017 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Publishing & Information Services | Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Equipment | Surveys, Polls and Research Global Single Cell Analysis Market Analysis & Trends 2017-2025 - $6.92 Billion Growth Opportunities/Investment Opportunities - Research and Markets Download image DUBLIN, Feb 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Single Cell Analysis Market Analysis & Trends - Industry Forecast to 2025" report to their offering. The Global Single Cell Analysis Market is poised to grow at a CAGR of around 18.9% over the next decade to reach approximately $6.92 billion by 2025. Some of the prominent trends that the market is witnessing include microfluidics integration in single cell analysis, Asia Pacific region provides huge growth potential, huge R&D in stem cell research, recent technological developments of single cell analysis and growth opportunities/investment opportunities. This industry report analyzes the market estimates and forecasts for all the given segments on global as well as regional levels presented in the research scope. The study provides historical market data for 2013, 2014 revenue estimations are presented for 2015 and forecasts from 2016 till 2025. The study focuses on market trends, leading players, supply chain trends, technological innovations, key developments, and future strategies. Key Topics Covered: 1 Market Outline 2 Executive Summary 3 Market Overview 3.1 Current Trends 3.1.1 Microfluidics Integration in Single Cell Analysis 3.1.2 Asia Pacific Region Provides Huge Growth Potential 3.1.3 Huge R&D in Stem Cell Research 3.1.4 Recent Technological Developments of Single Cell Analysis 3.1.5 Growth Opportunities/Investment Opportunities 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Constraints 3.4 Industry Attractiveness 4 Single Cell Analysis Market, By Cell Type 4.1 Animal Cells 4.2 Microbial Cells  4.3 Human Cells 5 Single Cell Analysis Market, By Application 5.1 Research Applications 5.2 Medical Applications 6 Single Cell Analysis Market, By Product 6.1 Consumables 6.2 Instruments 7 Single Cell Analysis Market, By End User 7.1 Hospitals and Diagnostic Laboratories 7.2 Cell Banks and IVF Centers 7.3 Biotechnology and Biopharmaceutical Companies 7.4 Research & Academic Laboratories 8 Single Cell Analysis Market, By Geography 9 Key Player Activities 9.1 Mergers & Acquisitions 9.2 Partnerships, Joint Venture's, Collaborations and Agreements 9.3 Product Launch & Expansions 9.4 Other Activities 10 Leading Companies 10.1 Merck KGAA 10.2 Becton, Dickinson and Company 10.3 Johnson & Johnson 10.4 Beckman Coulter Inc. (A Subsidiary of Danaher Corporation) 10.5 EMD Millipore Corporation 10.6 Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. 10.7 Epic Sciences 10.8 Fluidigm Corporation 10.9 Laboratory Corp. of America Inc. 10.10 Illumina, Inc. 10.11 Nanostring Technologies, Inc. 10.12 Ge Healthcare 10.13 Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. 10.14 Nugen Technologies Inc. 10.15 Qiagen N.V. 10.16 Agilent Technologies, Inc. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/5lfbg3/global_single Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets RELATED LINKS http://www.researchandmarkets.com More by this Source Global Medical Automation Market to Reach Approximately $75.6 Billion by 2025 - By End User, Application & Geography - Research and Markets 10 Feb, 2017, 18:10 GMT Global Nuclear Medicine Market to Reach Approx. $18 Billion by 2025 - By Application, Isotopes & Geography - Research and Markets 10 Feb, 2017, 18:10 GMT Personalized Medicine - Scientific and Commercial Aspects - 318 Companies Profiled with 575 Collaborations - Research and Markets 10 Feb, 2017, 18:10 GMT View all news by Research and Markets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Publishing & Information Services News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Immunovaccine says Princess Margaret Cancer Centre to conduct Phase ... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon Feb 6, 2017 | 7:58am EST BRIEF-Immunovaccine says Princess Margaret Cancer Centre to conduct Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate use of co, Merck's combination of immunotherapies Feb 6 Immunovaccine Inc : * Immunovaccine's lead immuno-oncology candidate to enter investigator-sponsored Phase 2 clinical trial in ovarian cancer in combination with approved anti-PD-1 drug * Princess Margaret Cancer Centre to conduct Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate use of combination of immunotherapies from co and Merck * Expects to announce top-line interim results for Phase 1B trial of DPX-Survivac by end of March 2017 * In addition to Phase 2 trial, Immunovaccine is conducting a phase 1B trial with Incyte Corporation Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Next In Market News Bank of Canada's blockchain tests spotlight challenges TORONTO, Feb 10 The Bank of Canada's early experiment on a blockchain-based payment system highlights challenges such as cost-efficiency and data privacy, according to an article by a senior bank official published on Friday. BRIEF-Imperial amends senior credit facility covenants * Imperial amends senior credit facility covenants Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: UPDATE 2-Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Feb 10 Amazon.com Inc warned on Friday that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business, in a possible reference to U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" agenda. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
02112017Headline: Global Artificial Lift System Market has been expected to grow at CAGR 4.7% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research 20 hours ago Global Hydroelectric power generation Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Applications, Market Size, Segmentation, Compandy Share: Acute Market Reports 20 hours ago New Research – Swimming Goggles Market Growth Trends, Key Players, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports 21 hours ago Stamping Fluids Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 21 hours ago Rolling Oil Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 21 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market is expected to grow USD533.7Mn till 2023 – Credence Research Global Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market is expected to grow USD533.7Mn till 2023 – Credence Research February 6, 2017 | by Satyamspot | According to the latest report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market (Treatments: Female Infertility, Oligospermia, Cryptorchidism & Others; Technology: Natural Source Extraction & Recombinant DNA Technology): Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022,” the human chorionic gonadotropin market was valued at USD346.3 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD533.7Mn by 2022, expanding at a CAGR of 6% from 2016 to 2022. Market Insights Infertility treatment in both males and females is the major treatment area whereHCG is commonly administered. Growing incidence of infertility in women,contributed by increased maternity age, lifestyle effects and others, hormonaldysfunctions in men and growing incidence of oligospermia are the key factors thathave supported the demand for HCG drugs in the market. The demand for HCG issteady in developed markets of Europe and North America. On the other hand,growing awareness in general population and development of healthcareinfrastructure are supporting the growth in demand for HCG drugs in emergingmarkets. Browse the full report Human Chorionic Gonadotropin:Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/human-chorionic-gonadotropin-market HCG supports the normal development of egg in ovary and stimulates egg release during ovulation. It is also used for infertility treatment in women and to augmentsperm count in men. Young boys with undescended testicles are also administeredHCG treatment. Hugh prevalence of both male and female infertility issues,expanding incidence of low sperm count and sperm density in men are is the keyfactor driving the HCG drugs market. A majority of the products currently availablein the market are natural source, i.e. urine derived HCG. However, in view of batchto batch inconsistency in product purity and requirement of large amount of urinehas resulted in emergence of recombinant production technology. North America is expected to be the largest and most potential regional market forhuman chorionic gonadotropin. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S.and Canada, the rising incidence of infertility cases, lifestyle effects and others,hormonal dysfunctions in men and women are the major driver for the growth ofthe global human chorionic gonadotropin market. Asia-Pacific is the expected to bethe most potential regional market for human chorionic gonadotropin market by2022. Over the next six years, the growth of the market in the Asia-Pacific region islikely to be centered in Japan, South Korea, China, and India.The key players in human chorionic gonadotropin market are EMD Serono, Inc.,Ferring B.V., Merck & Co., Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Company and Fresenius KabiUSA, LLC.  Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58297 About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Media Contact Name: Chris Smith Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Artificial Lift System Market has been expected to grow at CAGR 4.7% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Global Hydroelectric power generation Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Applications, Market Size, Segmentation, Compandy Share: Acute Market Reports New Research – Swimming Goggles Market Growth Trends, Key Players, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports Stamping Fluids Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Artificial Lift System Market has been expected to grow at CAGR 4.7% CAGR during 2016-2023- Credence Research Global Hydroelectric power generation Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Applications, Market Size, Segmentation, Compandy Share: Acute Market Reports New Research – Swimming Goggles Market Growth Trends, Key Players, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports Stamping Fluids Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Rolling Oil Global Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Kidney Fibrosis Treatment Market is Expected to Generate Huge Profits by 2020 North America, followed by the Europe, dominates the global market for kidney fibrosis due to large number of aging population and better healthcare facilities available in the region. In addition, there is high prevalence of kidney diseases in the region. According to The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), a public health institute in 2014, in the U.S., it is estimated that more than 20 million people are suffering from chronic kidney disease. Asia is expected to show high growth rate in the next few years in global kidney fibrosis treatment market. China and India are expected to be the fastest kidney fibrosis market in Asia region. Some of the key driving forces for kidney fibrosis market in emerging countries are increasing R&D investment, large pool of patients, rising government funding and growing level of awareness. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3102 Diseases such as obesity accelerate the incidence of kidney fibrosis. In addition, habits such smoking also adds to increment in incidence of kidney fibrosis. Increasing patient pool, rising awareness about treatment of kidney diseases and government funding are some of the key factors driving the kidney fibrosis market. In addition, introduction of safer and effective therapeutics for the treatment of kidney fibrosis is driving the market. However, high cost involved and no success for all the cases is restraining the kidney fibrosis market. Introduction of the concept of personalized medicines, mono-therapeutic approaches or combination of therapies are expected to offer good opportunities for kidney fibrosis market. In addition, introduction statins for, which are related to lowering of lipid content, thus expected to be an efficient treatment for kidney scarring. Growing demographics and economies in the developing countries such as India and China in Asia and other countries in South East Asia, Latin America and Middle East are expected to offer high growth in kidney fibrosis treatment market. One of the major trends that have been observed in kidney fibrosis treatment market includes various pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies involved in R&D of some novel medications for the treatment of kidney fibrosis. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3102 Some of the key companies dealing in kidney fibrosis treatment market are F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Pfizer, Inc, La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company, Merck & Co., InterMune, Inc. and Galectin Therapeutics, Inc. Other companies dealing the kidney fibrosis treatment market which have significant presence are Genzyme Corporation, ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. and BioLineRx, Ltd. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Fibrosis, Google News, Health, Healthcare Market, intelligence, Kidney, Kidney Fibrosis, Kidney Fibrosis Treatment Industry, Kidney Fibrosis Treatment Market, major, Market Analysis Report, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Markets, satellite, satPRnews, Treatment Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mobile Emission Catalyst Market: Global Industry Trends and Developments by 2021 Next PostNext Beazley expands specialty lines presence in Canada Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Global Anti Aging Products and Therapies Market is Expected to Reach $237.8 Billion by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market is accounted for $127.9 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $237.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing demand for anti-aging hair care products, rise in urbanization and per capita income, advancement in cosmetic technologies, Laser/Energy-Based Cosmetic Treatments and aging population worldwide are driving the market growth. Stringent regulatory environment and safety concerns related to anti-aging products & devices are expected to constrain the market. Emerging economies, new product development and innovations will provide an opportunity for the market to grow. Browse the report:  http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/anti-aging-products-and-therapies-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 The skin lightening market is expected to grow with highest CAGR for the forecast period. The LED therapy devices segment occupies the largest share followed by lasabrasion devices market in devices segment. The product market accounts for the largest share of the overall anti-aging product and services market. North America is the leading Market for anti-aging market due to high awareness about aging. Asia Pacific market is expected to grow further followed by Rest of The Word. Some of the key players in global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market are L’Oréal SA, Merck & Company Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Allergan Inc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Unilever PLC, Elizabeth Arden Inc, Novartis International AG, Avon Products Inc, Henkel KgaA, Beiersdorf AG, Woodridge Labs Inc, Coty Inc., Photomedex and Solta Medical, Inc. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184771 Products Covered: Multifunctional Anti – stretch marks Anti ageing Natural or Organic Skin Lightening Devices Covered: Laser Aesthetic Devices Anti-Cellulite Treatment Devices Radiofrequency Devices UV absorbers LED/infrared light therapy devices Cryotherapy Skincare Devices Microcurrent & Ultrasound Skincare Devices Electrosurgery Skincare Devices Active Ingredients Covered: Argirelline Vitamin C Epidermal growth factors Co-enzyme Q1 Retinol Sun Protection Factor (SPF) Hyaluronic acid Arbutin Hydroquinone kojic Acid Licorice Extract Vitamin B3 Mulberry Extract Glycolic Acid Other Ingredients Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184771 Therapies Covered: Eye-Lid Surgery Hormone replacement therapy Breast Augmentation Chemical peels Hair Restoration Services Gene therapy Predictive medicine Proteomics Genomics Botox Anti-Pigmentation Therapy Rejuvenation and dermal filler Liposuction Telomere based therapy Abdominoplasty Sclerotherapy Injectable skin Electrosurgery Disease and conditions Covered: Bone and Joint Conditions Respiratory Disorders Cardiovascular Disorders Urinary Incontinence Endocrine Disorders Sexual Dysfunction Eye Disorders Demographics Covered: Generation X Baby boomers Generation Y Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe GermanyFrance Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnti Aging Products and Therapies Market, Business, Companies, company, Electronics, Environment, Google News, Industry, Machinery, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Country Floors Announces 2nd Annual Tile Design Challenge With New York Cottages & Gardens Magazine to benefit Housing Works NYC Next PostNext Syrac Inspirations Review The Unconventional Habits Of The Highly Successful Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Key to Understanding Millennials 'Nobody Makes Money Off That': What We Heard This Week iMedicalApps: VA App Pulls Data from Almost Anywhere Op-Ed: Neil Gorsuch and Assisted Suicide cme/ce Certolizumab Benefits Persist in RA LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Cardiology cme/ce Overall PCI Data Mostly Unaffected by Including Shock Patients But some negative outliers emerge when included in public reporting MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Nicole Lou Reporter, MedPage Today/CRTonline.org February 06, 2017 Action Points Inclusion of refractory shock patients or exclusion of all shock patients made no difference to overall physician or hospital risk-adjusted mortality rates after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in New York state. Note that despite no overall change in mortality rates, 10-15% of individual cardiologists slipped in and out of outlier status depending on the inclusion or exclusion of data on shock patients. The addition of shock patients to public reporting made no difference to risk-adjusted mortality rates after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in New York state, researchers found, though some hospitals and physicians were still associated with more-than-expected deaths. Edward L. Hannan, PhD, of State University of New York, University at Albany, and colleagues tested what would happen with New York's Percutaneous Coronary Interventions Reporting System under two circumstances: the inclusion of refractory shock patients and the exclusion of all shock patients. Neither model significantly changed the registry's risk-adjusted mortality rates, with a minimum correlation of 0.92 for hospital-level scores, they reported in JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions, adding that correlations to physician rates were 0.99 across the board (P<0.0001). "Risk-adjusted hospital and physician mortality rates are highly correlated regardless of whether shock patients are included in public reporting," the authors concluded. "Despite our examination of the hypothetical impact of public reporting when these patients are included, it should be noted that the Department of Health is not currently considering including refractory shock patients in future public reporting," they nevertheless added. New York discontinued public reporting for PCI patients with refractory shock in 2008. Doctors have expressed concern that those who saw more high-risk patients would inherently have a worse public report card; the risk averse may avoid shock patients outright. Hannan's group found that with or without the current exclusion of shock patients, there was a similar number of outlier hospitals and operators that had particularly high or low death rates. There were, however, 10-15% of cardiologists that slipped in and out of outlier status depending on the model that was used -- suggesting that shock perhaps did make a difference. "The study's results support the current New York State PCI public reporting policy in the aggregate: the two alternatives studied identify a very similar number of outlier physicians and institutions when compared with the existing reporting policy," wrote Frederic S. Resnic, MD, MSc, and Arjun Majithia, MD, both of Lahey Hospital and Medical Center in Burlington, Mass., in an accompanying editorial. "However, a different picture emerges when viewed through the perspective of an individual PCI operator. From this vantage, there should be significant concerns regarding which specific operators are identified using the alternative analysis policies. Despite the findings of high overall correlation among the risk-adjustment policies, a significant percentage of outliers identified in each exclusion rule were not outliers using the alternative public reporting policy." "An ever-present concern of interventional cardiologists in public reporting environments is that they may be misidentified as a negative outlier in the public reports that could threaten their professional reputation, clinical referrals, and even their ability to continue to perform PCI at all. The differences in specific physician identification based on strategy of shock inclusion in the current study will be unlikely to assuage concerns regarding the imprecision of contemporary risk-adjustment approaches used for public reporting," they determined. For Hannan and colleagues' retrospective analysis, records from the PCI registry were matched to mortality data from New York's Vital Statistics records. The data spanned the 2005-2013 files. "A few recent studies have demonstrated that the percentage of acute MI patients and acute MI patients with shock who undergo PCI is lower in New York and other public reporting states than in other states," the authors commented. "This suggests that there is a fear among physicians in New York that their ratings in public reports are adversely affected by acute MI patients with shock (in this case, nonrefractory shock because refractory shock patients are already excluded from public reporting)." Resnic and Majithia asked: "So, how do we move forward to preserve the documented benefits of public reporting without reducing access to care for the sickest patients?" "We believe that the first step is to reconsider whether risk-adjusted mortality is adequate as the sole quality measure for PCI (or for any procedure or intervention). Expanding our public reports to incorporate meaningful measures of access to care (both for vulnerable patient populations, as well as the most acutely ill), procedural appropriateness, and evaluation of condition-specific (as compared with procedure-specific) outcomes would complement risk-adjusted post-procedural mortality and provide a more rational and comprehensive report card of the overall quality of care delivered." "We also advocate for the continued collection and review of all PCI cases, but excluding from the publicly released reports extraordinarily high-risk emergent patients, including those experiencing out-of-hospital cardiac arrest and all patients presenting with cardiogenic shock before PCI," the editorialists added. Hannan disclosed no relevant relationships with industry. Co-authors disclosed relevant relationships with Abbott Vascular, AstraZeneca, Capicor, Merck, and Stentys. Resnic and Majithia disclosed no relevant relationships with industry. Reviewed by Henry A. Solomon, MD, FACP, FACC Clinical Associate Professor, Weill Cornell Medical College and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2017-02-06T14:00:00-0500 Primary Source JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions Source Reference: Hannan EL, et al "The impact of excluding shock patients on hospital and physician risk-adjusted mortality rates for percutaneous coronary interventions: the implications for public reporting" JACC Cardiovasc Interv 2017; DOI: 10.1016/j.jcin.2016.10.040. Secondary Source JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions Source Reference: Resnic FS and Majithia A "Rationalizing our report cards" JACC Cardiovasc Interv 2017; DOI: 10.1016/j.jcin.2016.12.017. take posttest 0 comments More in Cardiology Unwitnessed Stroke Treatment Cath Lab Recap: Fully Percutaneous EVAR; Aneurysms Within BVS Heater-Cooler Infections Reported in Australia CardioBrief: Enormous NOAC Study Halted for 'Overwhelming Efficacy' About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Global Statins Market is Expected to Witness a Steady Growth by 2022 Statins are special class of drugs that helps in lowering of blood cholesterol level in the body. This is prescribed to lower down the low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in the body and thus reduce mortality in high risk patients. Demand for statins is long driven by increasing healthcare awareness among common masses. In U.S., over 500,000 people suffers heart attack every year.  Though cholesterol level is easy to maintain provided one follow healthy diet, sedentary lifestyle has been a major challenge for over last several years. As such, over quarter of the Americans in U.S. take statins to lower down the cholesterol level. Over the past few years, statins market has proved to be a lucrative and profitable market, especially for players that are focused on it. Consumption of statins is quite high among geriatrics population. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3038 Rise in prevalence of cholesterol owing to changing lifestyle has led to increased demand for statins worldwide. As per the WHO, Europe followed by North America has witnessed highest elevated total cholesterol level worldwide. There has been a significant rise in patients with obesity, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes which in turn is expected to drive the demand for statins worldwide.  In North America, over 70% American adults are suffering from LDL cholesterol. As such, demand for effective treatment of LDL cholesterol has led to increased demand of statins globally. Furthermore, increase in healthcare expenditure in emerging regions along with technological advancement, modern healthcare amenities, and various cholesterol related healthcare campaign is expected to boost overall demand for stains worldwide. Though the market is poised to grow at a significant rate, increasing preference for alternative medicines in emerging regions is proving a major challenge for overall growth of the stains market. Degrading socioeconomic conditions is another key restraint for this market. Statins Market is broadly classified on the basis of the following segments Statins Market by Drug Class: Astrovastatin Fluvastatin Lovastatin Pravastatin Simvastatin Others Statins Market by Therapeutic Treatment: Cardiovascular disorders Obesity Inflammatory disorders Others Statins Market by End User: Hospitals Clinics The statins market is expected to witness healthy CAGR during the forecast period. With rapid technological advancement and innovation, statins market is expected to grow globally. North America and Europe are the largest market for statins while Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market during the forecast period. The statins market is expected to register a significant CAGR during the forecast period. Depending on geographic regions, statins market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa (MEA). The statins market is led by North America followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. North America statins market is expected to expand slowly when compared to Asia Pacific. Latin America and MEA are expected to witness moderate growth during the forecast period. Increase in incidence rate of obesity and cardiovascular related disorders in emerging regions along with changes in healthcare regulatory regimes in some of these regions is expected to boost overall demand for statins in developing regions. Many companies are focusing on strengthening their distribution networks in Asia Pacific to expand their market presence as well as increase their profit pools over the next few years. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3038 Some of the key market players for statins market are AstraZeneca plc, Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Novartis International AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Biocon, Concord Biotech, and Aurobindo Pharma Ltd. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattack, Business, Companies, drugs, Global Statins Market, Google News, Healthcare Market, intelligence, Life Sciences, Lifestyle, major, Market Analysis Report, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Markets, satellite, satPRnews, Statins, Statins Equipment, Statins Market, Transformational Health Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cleantech Building Materials plc – optagelse til handel af nye aktier Next PostNext Cleantech Building Materials Plc – increase Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Showcasing Coins from Bygone Era- —Coveted Numismatic Treasures, in a Once-in-a-lifetime Opportuni Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Dakota Pipeline Protests TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Jan 31 2017, 10:33 am ET Trump Tells Drugmakers to Manufacture in the U.S. by Dan Mangan, CNBC Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Trump Calls for Lower Drug Prices During Pharma Meeting 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/866677315696" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> President Donald Trump, during a meeting with leading drugmakers at the White House on Tuesday, called on them to produce their pharmaceuticals in the United States and said that he wanted to control "astronomical" drug prices. Trump also blasted foreign countries, which he said have been "freeloading" on the United States with price controls that limit what their own citizens can be charged for medications. "We have to get the prices down," Trump said. "We have to get the prices way down." "We have to get lower prices, we have to get even better innovation, and I want you to move your companies back to the United States," Trump said. "I want you to manufacture in the United States." Related: What's to Blame for High Drug Costs? Trump also said he wanted to make it easier for pharmaceutical companies to win regulatory approval for their products. "You're going to get your prices either approved, or not approved," the president said. "But it's going to be a quick process. It's not going to take 15 years." The meeting included the CEOs of Merck, Amgen, Eli Lilly, Novartis, Johnson & Johnson, as well as the head of the trade group PhRMA. In remarks to reporters while flanked by those CEOs, Trump said, "The U.S. drug companies have produced extraordinary results for our country, but the prices have been astronomical for our country." Dan Mangan, CNBC Email Topics Business News, Health news First Published Jan 31 2017, 10:33 am ET Next Story Top Fed Regulator to Resign in April, Setting Stage for Trump Shakeup advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
