Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Top Publicly Traded Video-Game Stocks in the Industry Video-game stocks have seen a lot of growth lately Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Here's The No. 1 Thing Americans Do With Their Tax Refund A closer look at what people do with their money My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Merck To Stop EPOCH Study; Doravirine Meets Primary Efficacy Endpoint February 14, 2017, 06:30:00 PM EDT By RTT News Shutterstock photo (RTTNews.com) - Merck ( MRK ) announced it will be stopping protocol 017, also known as the EPOCH study, a Phase 2/3 study evaluating verubecestat, an investigational small molecule inhibitor of the beta-site amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme 1 in people with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease. Merck is stopping the study following the recommendation of the external Data Monitoring Committee, which assessed overall benefit/risk during a recent interim safety analysis, and determined that there was virtually no chance of finding a positive clinical effect. The eDMC recommended that protocol 019, also known as APECS, which is evaluating verubecestat in people with prodromal Alzheimer's disease, continue unchanged. Results from protocol 019 are expected in February 2019. Separately, Merck announced results of a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of doravirine (MK-1439), an investigational non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. The study met its primary efficacy endpoint of the proportion of participants achieving levels of HIV-1RNA less than 50 copies/mL after 48 weeks of treatment, demonstrating the non-inferiority of once-daily doravirine to once-daily ritonavir-boosted darunavir, each administered with tenofovir disoproxil fumarate/emtricitabine or abacavir/lamivudine, in previously untreated (treatment-naÃ¯ve) adults with HIV-1 infection. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com http://www.rttnews.com This article appears in: Technology , Stocks , World Markets , Stocks Referenced Symbols: MRK More from RTT News Subscribe Amgen’s Repatha CVOT Results Are Potential Game-Changer for Lipid-Lowering Treatment Merck Announces EPOCH Study of Verubecestat for the Treatment of People with Mild to Moderate Alzheimer’s Disease to Stop for Lack of Efficacy Merck’s Doravirine, an Investigational Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor (NNRTI) for the Treatment of HIV-1 Infection, Met Primary Efficacy Endpoint in Pivotal Phase 3 Trial Related stocks Articles Subscribe Small-Caps Remain Some Of The Top Stocks To Invest In 2/16/2017 01:00 AM Zacks Podcast Highlights: Rates Are Rising, Should Utility Sector Investors Be Worried? 2/16/2017 12:46 AM NetEase Finishes 2016 on a Winning Note 2/15/2017 11:01 PM See headlines for MRK Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated UPDATE 3-Samsung chief appears for 2nd round of questions in graft UPDATE 4-Reckitt finalises deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 bln China to step up supervision of seed sector, GMO crops NVIDIA Corporation Announces 137% Increase In Q4 Earnings Titan Machinery Inc. Announces Dealership Restructuring Plan The Walgreens-Rite Aid Deal Hits Another Roadblock S. Korea's ING Life Insurance applies for IPO approval -Korea Exchange Gold Prices Drop as Fed Rate Hike Bets Firm Before Yellen Speech Ericsson launches product for security automation The Best Energy Stock To Invest In Right Now View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced MRK 84% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck stopping late stage study as another Alzheimer's drug fails By Reuters Published: 18:47 EST, 14 February 2017 | Updated: 18:47 EST, 14 February 2017 e-mail Feb 14 (Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc said on Tuesday it will halt a late-stage trial of an Alzheimer's drug after it was determined that it had no chance of working, marking the latest in a long line of crushing disappointments in efforts to find an effective treatment for the mind-wasting disease. The company was testing its drug, verubecestat, in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. But an independent data monitoring committee determined that there was "virtually no chance of finding a positive clinical effect" and recommended the trial be stopped for futility. The news sent Merck shares down nearly 2 percent in after hours trading. Verubecestat belongs to a class of experimental Alzheimer's drugs called BACE1 inhibitors that target an enzyme involved in the formation of the toxic amyloid protein that turns into plaques in the brains of Alzheimer's patients. Several companies are pinning hopes on Alzheimer's treatments using the BASE inhibitor mechanism, including Eli Lilly and Co, Biogen and Novartis in collaboration with Amgen Inc. Lilly previously endured multiple failures with its solanezumab, which also targets beta amyloid, but in a different way. In the most recent setback, Lilly said that drug failed to slow declines in mental capacity of patients with even mild symptoms. Researchers are increasingly focusing on attacking the disease earlier as it appears likely that once symptoms have taken hold current approaches fail to work. Merck said another study of its drug in patients with prodromal, or very early, Alzheimer's disease would continue with results expected by February 2019. Patients with prodromal Alzheimer's disease have objective memory problems but relatively normal functioning in activities of daily living. Blinded clinical trials use independent monitors to watch for any unexpected safety problems that may crop up. They can also recommend stopping a study early if it becomes clear that a drug is going to fail or if the data looks so compelling that it believes the treatment should be offered to those getting a placebo or other standard treatments. Merck shares fell to $64.48 in extended trading from a close at $65.66. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot in New York and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Diane Craft) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck to halt study of mild to moderate Alzheimer's drug By Reuters Published: 18:07 EST, 14 February 2017 | Updated: 18:07 EST, 14 February 2017 e-mail Feb 14 (Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc said it would halt a late-stage trial of its drug in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease after an external panel pointed to a lack of effectiveness. The company's shares were down 2.4 percent at $64.06 in after-market trading on Tuesday. Merck said the external data monitoring committee, which assessed overall benefit or risk of verubecestat, determined that there was "virtually no chance of finding a positive clinical effect". Patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease exhibit detectable and worsening impairment of cognitive and functional abilities. The company's announcement comes nearly three months after Eli Lilly and Co said its Alzheimer's treatment failed to slow declines in mental capacity of patients with even mild symptoms. Merck said that another late-stage study for the treatment of people with prodromal Alzheimer's disease would continue and results from the study are expected by February 2019. Patients with prodromal Alzheimer's disease have objective memory problems but relatively normal functioning in activities of daily living. (Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Moment 'smirking' X Factor winner James Arthur is smashed over the head with a pint glass by a thug who had just discovered he'd slept with his girlfriend  Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at NYFW... following 'disastrous' show last fall Grunge-inspired Ashley James rocks a quirky bomber and chunky boots as she heads out in London with pal Charlotte de Carle Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on  GBBO... as the saucy 13-year affair she had with her mum's best friend's husband is revealed Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan Family time Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress at Feud event in New York  She always exudes elegance Courtney Stodden puts on a busty display in plunging top as she spends Valentine's Day with celebrity surgeon who dated Heather Locklear 'I was born in BEIRUT!' Keanu Reeves slams Alison Hammond as she quizzes him about his Essex roots... despite him telling her he has never been  'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at lavish resort 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Announced the news on social media  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Chic and sophisticated 'Who thought a high functioning sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict's delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favourite BBC TV character  Someone making you smile? Chloe Lewis flashes a coy grin as she heads out to film for TOWIE... after revealing new romance with mystery beau RA boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Lakers game on Valentine's Day Alex Mytton makes up with girlfriend Lottie Moss following Valentine's fallout as they cosy up during day in New York 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Talked haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris Celebrating Valentine's Day in style  Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Merck stopping late stage study as another Alzheimer's drug fails Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health | Wed Feb 15, 2017 | 5:18am IST Merck stopping late stage study as another Alzheimer's drug fails Merck & Co Inc said on Tuesday it will halt a late-stage trial of an Alzheimer's drug after it was determined that it had no chance of working, marking the latest in a long line of crushing disappointments in efforts to find an effective treatment for the mind-wasting disease. The company was testing its drug, verubecestat, in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. But an independent data monitoring committee determined that there was "virtually no chance of finding a positive clinical effect" and recommended the trial be stopped for futility. The news sent Merck shares down nearly 2 percent in after hours trading. Verubecestat belongs to a class of experimental Alzheimer's drugs called BACE1 inhibitors that target an enzyme involved in the formation of the toxic amyloid protein that turns into plaques in the brains of Alzheimer’s patients. Several companies are pinning hopes on Alzheimer's treatments using the BASE inhibitor mechanism, including Eli Lilly and Co, Biogen and Novartis in collaboration with Amgen Inc. Lilly previously endured multiple failures with its solanezumab, which also targets beta amyloid, but in a different way. In the most recent setback, Lilly said that drug failed to slow declines in mental capacity of patients with even mild symptoms. Researchers are increasingly focusing on attacking the disease earlier as it appears likely that once symptoms have taken hold current approaches fail to work. Merck said another study of its drug in patients with prodromal, or very early, Alzheimer's disease would continue with results expected by February 2019. Patients with prodromal Alzheimer's disease have objective memory problems but relatively normal functioning in activities of daily living. Blinded clinical trials use independent monitors to watch for any unexpected safety problems that may crop up. They can also recommend stopping a study early if it becomes clear that a drug is going to fail or if the data looks so compelling that it believes the treatment should be offered to those getting a placebo or other standard treatments. Merck shares fell to $64.48 in extended trading from a close at $65.66. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot in New York and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Diane Craft) Next In Health Harvard, MIT research institute holds on to gene-editing patent rights The Broad Institute, a biological and genomic research center affiliated with MIT and Harvard, will keep valuable patents on a revolutionary gene-editing technology known as CRISPR, a U.S. patent agency ruled on Wednesday. Trump administration proposes stricter Obamacare rules NEW YORK/WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Wednesday proposed changes to the Obamacare individual insurance market that insurers welcomed as a good start but that raised the possibility of higher out-of-pocket cost for consumers. U.S. tax agency backs off tougher planned Obamacare oversight WASHINGTON The U.S. Internal Revenue Service said on Wednesday it will not reject tax filings that do not indicate whether the taxpayer had health coverage or paid a penalty set under Obamacare, setting aside a tougher planned oversight of the health law. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick India and Russia seek to revive stalled helicopter venture Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Business Nation & World Merck Alzheimer’s drug fails in 1 study; another continues Originally published February 14, 2017 at 3:28 pm Share story The Associated Press KENILWORTH, N.J. (AP) — Merck & Co. will stop its study of an experimental Alzheimer’s drug in people with mild or moderate symptoms because interim results showed “virtually no chance” of any benefit. However, the drugmaker said Tuesday it will continue another study of the drug, verubecestat, in patients who don’t yet show symptoms. They have some memory problems, but can still perform daily activities. The two studies were intended to enable Merck to seek regulators’ approval to sell verubecestat. Alzheimer’s is one of the toughest diseases to treat. Most Read Stories Disappearance of Seattle-based crab boat, crew a ‘mystery’ T-Mobile one-ups Verizon’s new unlimited data plan; 4Q results top forecasts Cellphone of admitted UW shooter outside Milo Yiannopoulos event was wiped clean, records show Getting richer: Is your neighborhood one of Seattle's hot spots for rising wages? | FYI Guy More rain on way, as Seattle may be headed to wet-weather record  VIEWUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. While a few treatments temporarily ease symptoms such as memory loss, confusion and agitation, dozens of drugs tested have failed to slow mental decline or halt the mind-robbing disease, including the one Eli Lilly & Co. scrapped in November. The Associated Press Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Business Highlights Previous Story More dog-food recalls, this time for metal contamination Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Merck Alzheimer's Drug Study Halted Early for Futility Independent study monitors concluded that there was "virtually no chance of finding a positive clinical effect." Adam Feuerstein Feb 14, 2017 5:38 PM EST Another Alzheimer's disease drug has failed to help patients.  This time, it's verubecestat, a BACE inhibitor from Merck (MRK) . On Tuesday night, the pharma giant said a phase II/III study of verubecestat was shutting down following an interim analysis conducted by independent study monitors. The monitors concluded that there was "virtually no chance of finding a positive clinical effect." The phase II/III study, dubbed EPOCH, enrolled patients with mild to moderate Alzheimers disease. Merck said a separate clinical trial of verubecestat being conducted in patients with prodromal Alzheimer's disease is continuing, with results expected in February 2019.  "Alzheimer's disease is one of the most pressing and daunting medical issues of our time, with inherent, substantial challenges to developing an effective disease-modifying therapy for people with mild-to-moderate disease. Studies such as EPOCH are critical, and we are indebted to the patients in this study and their caregivers," said Roger Perlmutter, president of Merck Research Laboratories, in a statement. "While we are disappointed that a benefit was not observed in this study, our work continues with APECS, which is studying verubecestat in people with less advanced disease." Adam Feuerstein writes regularly for TheStreet. In keeping with company editorial policy, he doesn't own or short individual stocks, although he owns stock in TheStreet. He also doesn't invest in hedge funds or other private investment partnerships. Feuerstein appreciates your feedback; click here to send him an email. If you liked this article you might like DexCom Is a Great Healthcare Stock to Buy Now The continuous glucose monitor maker is an excellent growth opportunity. Chiradeep BasuMallick Feb 15, 2017 9:14 PM EST Eli Lilly Is Great Stock to Buy Now Here's why the pharmaceutical company is a solid addition to your portfolio. Chiradeep BasuMallick Feb 15, 2017 10:42 AM EST Analysts' Actions -- Acorda, Restoration Hardware, Humana, Merck and More Here are Wednesday's top research calls, including upgrades for Acorda and Restoration Hardware, a price target increase for Humana and a price target cut for Merck. TheStreet Staff Feb 15, 2017 8:05 AM EST Trending Avoid Apple and Buy Home Depot Instead What Buffett, Icahn and Other Billionaire Investors Are Buying in the Trump Era Cisco's Numbers Weren't Spectacular, But Good Enough In This Market Stay Long, This Bull Is Strong: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 2/15/17) Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Dr. Christel Iffland Joins Ligand as Vice President, Antibody Technologies, Expands Team Focused on OmniAb Drug Discovery Platform SAN DIEGO–()–Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ: LGND) announces the appointment of Christel Iffland, Ph.D. as a Vice President of Antibody Technologies. Dr. Iffland joins Ligand from Merck KGaA/EMD Serono where she served as Group Leader of Antibody Display Technologies, a Senior Scientist of Phage Technologies and Structural Biology and Associate Director of Antibody Technologies. At Ligand, Dr. Iffland will support current and new partnerships and collaborations for the OmniAb franchise, providing scientific guidance and input. Additionally, she will contribute to the continued growth and next-generation innovation of OmniAb and to the technical assessment of new opportunities. “Christel has been a longtime user of the OmniAb technology and we are delighted to welcome her to Ligand as we further expand our scientific team focused on antibodies and antibody technologies,” said John Higgins, Ligand’s Chief Executive Officer. “Our acquisition of the OmniAb technology last year transformed and expanded Ligand’s business model. Antibody treatments are the fastest-growing segment of the pharmaceutical industry and will continue to be an important area of focus for Ligand as we expand our portfolio of more than 150 fully-funded shots-on-goal.” Dr. Iffland received her Ph.D. in Molecular and Cell Biology from the Université de Nice Sophia-Antipolis in Nice, France and completed post-doctoral research training at both the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute at Harvard Medical School and the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. Dr. Iffland is an author of numerous scientific publications and patents and is a prior recipient of the Merck Award for Patent and Inventorship. About OmniAb® OmniAb includes three transgenic animal platforms for producing mono- and bispecific human therapeutic antibodies. OmniRat® is the industry’s first human monoclonal antibody technology based on rats. It has a complete immune system with a diverse antibody repertoire and generates antibodies with human idiotypes as effectively as wild-type animals make rat antibodies. OmniMouse® is a transgenic mouse that complements OmniRat and expands epitope coverage. OmniFlic® is an engineered rat with a fixed light chain for development of bispecific, fully human antibodies. The three platforms use patented technology, have broad freedom to operate and deliver fully human antibodies with high affinity, specificity, expression, solubility and stability. About Ligand Pharmaceuticals Ligand is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing or acquiring technologies that help pharmaceutical companies discover and develop medicines. Our business model creates value for stockholders by providing a diversified portfolio of biotech and pharmaceutical product revenue streams that are supported by an efficient and low corporate cost structure. Our goal is to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the promise of the biotech industry in a profitable, diversified and lower-risk business than a typical biotech company. Our business model is based on doing what we do best: drug discovery, early-stage drug development, product reformulation and partnering. We partner with other pharmaceutical companies to leverage what they do best (late-stage development, regulatory management and commercialization) to ultimately generate our revenue. Ligand’s Captisol® platform technology is a patent-protected, chemically modified cyclodextrin with a structure designed to optimize the solubility and stability of drugs. OmniAb® is a patent-protected transgenic animal platform used in the discovery of fully human mono-and bispecific therapeutic antibodies. Ligand has established multiple alliances, licenses and other business relationships with the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies including Novartis, Amgen, Merck, Pfizer, Celgene, Gilead, Janssen, Baxter International and Eli Lilly. Follow Ligand on Twitter @Ligand_LGND. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements by Ligand that involve risks and uncertainties and reflect Ligand’s judgment as of the date of this release. Actual events or results may differ from our expectations. For example, there can be no assurances that Ligand will be able to develop a next-generation OmniAb technology or that the antibody treatments will continue to be the fastest-growing segment of the pharmaceutical industry. The failure to meet expectations with respect to any of the foregoing matters may reduce Ligand’s stock price. Additional information concerning these and other important risk factors affecting Ligand can be found in Ligand’s prior press releases available at www.ligand.com as well as in Ligand’s public periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at www.sec.gov. Ligand disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements beyond the date of this press release, except as required by law. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Industry, officer, post, private, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MGM Resorts International, News 3, the CW Las Vegas and iHeartMedia join the Red Cross to Host First Community Blood Drive at T-Mobile Arena Next PostNext Dunne’s Lighting Concepts Unveils Free Shipping for Online Orders Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Gibraltar Celebrates Opening of World Trade Center in the Face of Brexit Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Proudly powered by WordPress
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us ‘An Absolutely Crazy Time to Hold a Meeting with the President of the United States’ ‘Real News’ Joins the White House Briefing Room Exclusive: Puzder’s ex-wife told Oprah he threatened ‘you will pay for this’ Trump's trade war with corporate America Trump's military build-up to spark GOP civil war Trump to greet Netanyahu by abandoning '2-state' doctrine Politico Morning Tax An early filing of the day's tax news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Building out that roster By Bernie Becker 02/13/17 10:00 AM EST REALLY, WHO ARE YOU? It took awhile for a coalition of supporters of the House GOP plan to crop up — and since then it’s taken a little bit longer to get a fuller rundown of the group’s membership. But wait no more: Morning Tax has 21 of the American Made Coalition’s current roster of around 25 members — and growing, according to coalition officials. Those 21: Blue Diamond Growers, Boeing, Caterpillar, Celanese, Celgene, Cook Medical, CoorsTek, Dow Chemical, Eli Lilly, General Electric, Honeywell, Johnson & Johnson, McIlhenny, Merck, Oracle, Pfizer, Qualcomm, Raytheon, S&P Global, United Technologies Corporation, Varian Medical Systems. Story Continued Below There’s definitely some capital-E exporters in that group, like GE, Boeing and Caterpillar, that would certainly benefit from the House’s border adjustment policy that would exempt exports from taxation. But there are also some lesser-known exporters, too, like Blue Diamond — think California almonds. And there’s Pfizer, which became perhaps the poster child for why the federal government needed to do more to stop corporate inversions, and which saw its merger with Allergan scuttled by the Treasury’s so-called “serial inverter” rules. Proponents of the House GOP plan say it would take away the incentive for those offshore deals. “Our coalition members represent exporters and importers, both small and large companies stretched across nearly every sector of the economy,” said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the group. WELCOME TO A NEW WEEK, and we’d like to wish a happy birthday to Toddler Tax, who turned two over the weekend, and to Brother Tax, who’s celebrating a slightly larger number than that today. On this day in 2004, the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics announced it had found a white dwarf star that doubled as a diamond that weighs 10 billion trillion trillion carats — named Lucy, after The Beatles’ song “Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.” What’s going on out there? Email: bbecker@politico.com, teckert@politico.com, bfaler@politico.com, cwilhelm@politico.com. Twitter: @berniebecker3, @tobyeckert, @brian_faler, @colinwilhelm, @POLITICOPro and @Morning_Tax. DRIVING MONDAY: The Senate is expected to confirm Steven Mnuchin, formerly of Goldman Sachs and a producer of dozens of movies, to be Treasury secretary on Monday evening. The Wall Street Journal notes that Mnuchin having to wait more than three weeks into President Donald Trump’s term for confirmation, and the expected narrow margin in the Senate, could put him behind the eight-ball a bit, with the National Economic Council’s Gary Cohn playing “an increasingly influential role.” (More on Cohn below.) A SWISS MISS: Swiss voters were having none of a proposal to revamp how the country taxes corporations on Sunday, in what our European colleague Silvia Sciorilli Borrelli called an unexpected outcome. The proposed new regime would have brought a country not exactly known for financial transparency more in line with global norms, by getting rid of a perk for multinationals that gave them incentives for making their money elsewhere and still headquartering in Switzerland. But three in five Swiss voters rejected the plan, which some on the left thought was still tilted too much toward business and would leave the country strapped for revenue. So what are the Swiss to do now? Apparently, there’s not much of a Plan B. The Wall Street Journal: “Swiss finance minister Ueli Maurer said at a press conference Sunday that Switzerland is committed to changing its corporate tax system but that there isn’t much wiggle room to revise the plan that was voted down. He said it was unlikely now that a new program will be in place by January 2019, which is when the tax overhaul was slated to go into effect.” NAVIGATING THE BAT: David Perdue, a former retail executive, has certainly been among the more strident critics among Senate Republicans of the House’s tax reform plan and especially its border adjustment framework. But like a fair number of Georgia Republicans before him, Perdue is also a big fan of the FairTax, a version of which he introduced in his first 10 days in the Senate. What’s interesting there is that the FairTax, which would junk all current federal taxes in place of a national sales tax, also uses a border adjustment. Megan Whittemore, a spokeswoman for Perdue, said the two situations weren’t really comparable, telling Morning Tax that the FairTax “would be an entirely new tax system that eliminates personal, corporate, and payroll taxes altogether. The current tax rewrite before Congress adds a new layer of tax complexity on top of the existing system as opposed to a simplification of the whole thing.” But Kyle Pomerleau of the Tax Foundation wasn’t buying that argument, saying the border adjustment served basically the same function in both plans. Perdue wrote last week that the House plan would lead to lower economic growth and higher price tags for consumers. But Pomerleau, whose group has had some nice things to say about the House plan and the border adjustment framework, told Morning Tax in an email that “the economics are the same, so most of his criticisms apply to the FairTax as well.” WHAT ABOUT THE HOUSE? The Republican Study Committee, the large group of House conservatives, isn’t close to reaching a consensus on border adjustability, Bloomberg BNA’s Aaron Lorenzo reports. Rep. Mark Walker (R-N.C.), the group’s chairman, said “it’s probably the most all-over-the-map discussion we had” at a meeting in New York last week. House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas) is himself an RSC member. THE DOOR REVOLVES: Rep. Tom Price’s departure from Congress to take over as Health and Human Services secretary is just the latest personnel move at the House Ways and Means Committee — at a time when the panel is seeking once-in-a-generation type goals, Pro Tax’s Brian Faler reports. There are already three GOP tax writers in the House (Sam Johnson, Lynn Jenkins and Kristi Noem) who have announced they won’t be coming back after this Congress, and more departures could be on the way. The downsides of having new members on the committee when chasing tax reform seem pretty clear, but Brian writes there are potential upsides as well — like newer members being more flexible, or having different perspectives. Also of note: The House GOP steering committee will meet Tuesday to decide Price’s replacement. Rep. Mike Bishop (R-Mich.) has been among the names discussed for that opening. ABOUT THAT REPATRIATION: It’s hard to escape that Cohn is getting a lot of press these days. Bloomberg recently examined Cohn’s lead role in crafting Trump’s tax plan, which is expected in the next couple weeks. Cohn has suggested using a lower tax rate on offshore corporate profits to help pay for Trump’s infrastructure ambitions. For whatever it’s worth, Stat News noted recently that the pharmaceutical industry didn’t exactly follow through on its vow to create American jobs through the repatriation holiday enacted during the George W. Bush administration. Pharma did the opposite, actually, according to a report from the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations back when former Sen. Carl Levin (D-Mich.) was heading the panel. The findings included this tally from Pfizer: $35.5 billion repatriated, $13 billion in increased payouts to executives and almost 12,000 jobs lost over three years. RECONCILING WHAT? Stan Collender, the former longtime budget aide in the House and Senate, doesn’t see good tidings coming out of the House and Senate’s plans to use budget reconciliation to quash Obamacare and overhaul the tax code. In short, Collender writes at Forbes that Republicans are already facing a time crunch — they’ve got around three months to finish off their Affordable Care Act work, or the timeline starts to crumble. INTERNATIONAL UPDATE BAD TIDINGS AT MOSSACK FONSECA: Jurgen Mossack and Ramon Fonseca, the founding lawyers of the firm at the center of the Panama Papers, are being detained in Panama after being indicted on money-laundering charges, Reuters reports. Panama’s attorney general said that the authorities’ investigation “allegedly identifies the Panamanian firm as a criminal organization that is dedicated to hiding assets or money from suspicious origins.” STATE NEWS GETTING SERIOUS: It’s not just about the wine in Sonoma County, Calif. The Santa Rosa Press-Democrat reports that voters in the county are grappling with how to vote on a “cannabis business tax” to help ease the cost of implementing legal pot. “An approved tax, at the proposed initial rates would generate $6.3 million a year from cannabis businesses outside city limits. County officials say the funding is critical to usher the pot industry out of the legal shadows,” Guy Kovner reports. QUICK LINKS Did Trump back a Democratic bill that would take away federal contracts from companies that send jobs offshore. The Washington Post’s Wonkblog goes deep on border adjustability. The Prosperity Caucus’ role in tax reform. North Carolina tax appraisers place the value of Asheville’s Biltmore House at almost $300 million. DID YOU KNOW? The Gulf of Fonseca gives Honduras its only direct access to the Pacific Ocean. « View Archives Authors: Bernie Becker bbecker@politico.com About The Author Bernie Becker is a tax reporter for POLITICO Pro, where he is primarily responsible for writing the Morning Tax tipsheet. He previously covered taxes for The Hill, and was an editorial assistant for The New York Times in Washington. A native of Martinsville, Va., Becker has degrees from the College of William and Mary and the University of Maryland. He now lives in Northwest D.C. with his wife and young daughter. His hobbies include running, reading history books, eating spicy food and watching his daughter chase his cat. Most Read FBI releases files on Trump apartments' race discrimination probe in '70s Trump to take breather from White House, hold rally this weekend Trump blames ‘fake media’ for treating Flynn ‘very unfairly’ Trump, asked about anti-Semitism, brags about election victory Poll: Trump trails generic Democrat, but not Warren, in 2020 ‘Real News’ Joins the White House Briefing Room ‘An Absolutely Crazy Time to Hold a Meeting with the President of the United States’ Fallon responds to Trump: He's trying to distract from 'very serious allegations' about Russia Congress blocks rule barring mentally impaired from guns House intel chairman dismisses call for expanded Russia probe Morning Tax - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 2/15/17 Tuesday, 2/14/17 Monday, 2/13/17 Friday, 2/10/17 Thursday, 2/9/17 View the Full Morning Tax Archives » Politico Magazine Congress Needs to Investigate the Flynn Case By Rich Lowry Does Kicking Out Mexicans Create Jobs? By Michael A. Clemens Dear Baby Donald: Leaks Are as American as Apple Pie By Jack Shafer The Mystery of Trump’s Man in Moscow By Julia Ioffe More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Global Adult Vaccines Market Analysis and Forecast 2021 by Size, Share and Growth Rate The adult vaccines market has been forecasted to increase at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of around 6% over the next five years. Adults are as likely as children to die from diseases that they can be immunized. For example, vaccination can prevent about 50% of deaths from pneumococcal disease and 80% of deaths from influenza-related complications in the elderly. Adult vaccines continue to be one of the growing segment for pharmaceutical companies. The driving factors for adult vaccines growth are an increasing acceptance of adult vaccines and the public health focus on flu prevention, as well as introductions of new vaccines. The vaccines industry also faces hindrances such as vaccine safety, shortages and delays, vaccine development time line as well as entry barriers for new manufacturers. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-adult-vaccines-market-company-analysis-and-forecast-to-2021 Adult Vaccines Market – Disease Wise Analysis The influenza vaccines capture maximum share of the total adult vaccines market. It is the most popular and accepted vaccination amongst adults. The hepatitis vaccines account for second highest share of the total adult vaccines market in 2015. The HPV/cervical cancer vaccines and pneumococcal vaccines captures the third and fourth highest share of the adult vaccines market respectively in 2015. While vaccines for zoster shingles and DTP are also gaining ground in adult vaccines market landscape. Adult Vaccines Market – Company Analysis Note: Novartis divested its non-influenza vaccine business to GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) and CSL acquired Novartis influenza vaccines business. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/175229 In 2010, GSK was the leader in the adult vaccines market but it lost the leadership position to Merck. Sanofi Pasteur stands at the second position in the adult vaccines market landscape. GSK slipped to third position in the global adult vaccines market in 2014. While Pfizer stands at the fourth spot in the adult vaccines market landscape. Adult Vaccines Market – Disease Wise Company Sales Analysis GSK generates maximum adult vaccines sales from Hepatitis and DTP vaccines, while Sanofi Pasteur remains focused on maintaining its leadership in the influenza vaccines market. The cervical cancer and zoster shingles vaccines contributes maximum share of the total Merck adult vaccines sales. Novartis main source of adult vaccines sales revenue is the influenza vaccines. In 2011, Sanofi Pasteur replaced GSK and became the dominant player in the influenza vaccines landscape, while in the cervical cancer vaccines market, Merck is at the forefront and is expected to maintain its dominancy over a longer period of time. GSK is the clear leader in hepatitis vaccines market. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/175229 Adult Vaccines Market – Regional Distribution On a regional basis, the United States comprises the single largest market for adult vaccines being closely followed by Europe. Japan’s adult vaccines market share is expected to remain flat during the forecasting period, while China’s adult vaccines market is likely to show continuous growth. South America and India are competing closely with each other to grab maximum share of the adult vaccines market pie. This is the 2nd edition report on Adult Vaccines Market by iGATE RESEARCH. The report titled “Global – Adult Vaccines Market, Company Analysis and Forecast to 2021” is a 239 Page report with 141 Figures and 12 Tables. This report studies in detail the adult vaccines market disease wise, company wise sales analysis and strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions along with growth drivers and hindrances for the vaccines market landscape. The 9 Diseases covered in the report are analyzed from four viewpoints: 1. Adult Vaccines Market (2007 – 2021) 2. Number of Adults Vaccinated (2007 – 2021) 3. Number of Doses (2007 – 2021) 4. Company Sales Share (2010 – 2021) The 7 Companies covered in the report are analyzed from two viewpoints: 1. Disease Wise – Adult Vaccines Sales (2007 – 2021) 2. Strategic Alliances The 8 Region covered in the report are analyzed from one viewpoint: 1. Adult Vaccines Market (2011 – 2021) Global Adult Vaccines Market, Number of Adults Vaccinated and Doses – Disease Wise Analysis to 2021 (9 Disease Analysed) 1. Influenza 2. Cervical Cancer 3. Zoster Shingles 4. Pneumococcal 5. Meningococcal 6. MMRV 7. Hepatitis 8. DTP 9. Travel and Miscellaneous Global Adult Vaccines Market – Company Analysis to 2021 (7 Companies Analysed) 1. GlaxoSmithKline 2. Sanofi Pasteur 3. Merck 4. Novartis 5. Pfizer 6. bioCSL (Seqirus) 7. Protein Sciences 8. Other Companies Global Adult Vaccines Market – Regional Distribution to 2021 (8 Region Analysed) 1. United States 2. North America/Caribbean 3. South America 4. Europe 5. Japan 6. India 7. China 8. Rest of the World About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, capture, Companies, company, Electronics, Global Adult Vaccines Market, Global Adult Vaccines Market Forecast, Global Adult Vaccines Market Share, Global Adult Vaccines Market Size, Global Adult Vaccines Market Trends, Google News, Health, Industry, Machinery, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews, Travel, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Konecranes fick beställning på fyra RMG-kranar från Virginia Port Authority, USA Next PostNext Konecranes signs contract with Virginia Port Authority of the USA for 4 Cantilever RMG cranes Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Stocks We're Watching in the First Quarter Our Foolish contributors are keeping a close eye on Bristol-Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences, and Lexicon Pharmaceuticals in the first quarter of 2017. George Budwell, Keith Speights, and Cory Renauer (TMFGBudwell) Feb 14, 2017 at 4:21PM The first-quarter of 2017 is already chock-full of weighty news events and potential catalysts that have investors' collective heads spinning. So while it may be tough to concentrate with so much going on, our Foolish contributors think that Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD), and Lexicon Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:LXRX) deserve your attention right now. Read on to find out why.  Can Bristol-Myers Squibb rekindle the magic?  George Budwell (Bristol-Myers Squibb): Bristol-Myers Squibb's shares have now lost approximately 33% of their value from their former 52-week high. Long story short, the drugmaker's shares have basically been in free fall mode ever since its core immuno-oncology medicine, Opdivo, failed to show a clinical benefit in a pivotal-stage study for frontline non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Image Source: Getty Images. Besides wiping several billion in additional sales off the table -- at least in the near-term -- this clinical failure essentially handed over this extremely lucrative indication to Merck's competing therapy, Keytruda, and may have made Opdivo far less attractive to clinicians in the later line settings of the disease as well.  However, Bristol's meteoric descent is arguably way overdone at this point. The drugmaker's shares, after all, are currently trading at a price-to-sales ratio of 4.6, which is dirt cheap for a company with a top-notch oncology portfolio.  But the real reason this stock has my attention this quarter is because of the growing potential of a takeover bid. The big picture issue is that Opdivo is unquestionably a true backbone medicine that's eventually going to form the basis of numerous immuno-oncology therapies over the next decade. So with Bristol's valuation in the drink, so to speak, I wouldn't be surprised if one or more biopharmas step up with an offer soon with the hope of adding Opdivo to their own portfolio. Whether or not Bristol's management would entertain an offer is another matter, but a buyout bid could be the catalyst that rekindles the market's interest in this top pharma stock. Gilead Sciences, Inc.: 32 billion reasons to watch Cory Renauer (Gilead Sciences): I'll be watching this biotech stock closely this quarter for signs of another big acquisition. It's been just over five years since the company purchased Pharmasset and the compound that became the cornerstone of its hepatitis C franchise for $11.2 billion, which turned out to be one of the best biotech investments of all time.  The company finished 2016 with about $32.4 billion in cash and equivalents. That would be more than enough to bolster its budding oncology program with an acquisition of Tesaro, or even Incyte. It could also add to an already comprehensive attempt to develop the first approved treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis with the purchase of Intercept Pharmaceuticals.  Despite having an enormous pile of cash to spend and a history of big acquisitions, Gilead is famous for its acquisitive discipline. Investors have been clamoring for more action on its M&A front, but management has been steadfast in its conviction that clinical-stage biotech assets are far too expensive right now. Unfortunately, a disparaging fourth-quarter earnings report could change its tune. Gilead recently upset investors by reporting 2016 sales fell 6.8% from the previous year, then forecasting another drop of at least 18.2% this year. Hepatitis C treatments that surged following their launches then subsided in the face of more recent competition, along with less urgent demand, are to blame. The answer to Gilead's woes, according to legions of investors and analysts, is another transformative acquisition. Keep your eyes peeled for signs it might finally be time. Playing the waiting game Keith Speights (Lexicon): Waiting on the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is something biotechs get used to over time, but Lexicon Pharmaceuticals is having to wait a little longer than it hoped. The FDA was originally scheduled to announce a decision on approving Lexicon's carcinoid syndrome drug telotristat ethyl by Nov. 30, 2016. However, the agency needed more time and extended its review by three months. A decision on potential approval for the drug should be announced by February 28. My hunch is that Lexicon will get a green light from the FDA. Two late-stage studies showed that patients taking telotristat ethyl had significantly reduced daily bowel movements (the primary outcome measure of the studies) than did those on placebo. The drug's safety profile, at least at the lower 250 mg dose, appeared to be similar to that of a placebo. Some analysts think telotristat ethyl could reach peak annual sales of more than $500 million if the drug is approved. I suspect Lexicon's stock could be in for a big boost in a few weeks. However, there's always a chance that the FDA delivers disappointing news. Investors who don't want to take on significant risk might want to play the waiting game themselves.   Cory Renauer owns shares of Gilead Sciences. George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Keith Speights owns shares of Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author George Budwell, Keith Speights, and Cory Renauer (TMFGBudwell) George Budwell has been writing about healthcare and biotechnology companies at the Motley Fool since 2013. His primary interests are novel small molecule drugs, next generation vaccines, and cell therapies. Article Info Feb 14, 2017 at 4:21PM Health Care Stocks Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $55.03 up $1.32 (2.46%) Lexicon Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:LXRX $15.45 up $0.51 (3.41%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $69.80 up $2.25 (3.33%) Read More 3 Beaten-Up Healthcare Stocks: Are They Bargains? 2016's Worst Clinical Failures Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb The Scariest Thing About Bristol-Myers Squibb's Dividend 3 Incredibly Cheap Big Pharma Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Stocks We're Watching in the First Quarter @themotleyfool #stocks $BMY, $LXRX, $GILD
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Kennedy, De Niro post $100,000 reward to expose mercury in vaccines India tosses out Gates Foundation due to conflicts of interest with Big Pharma Tuesday, February 14, 2017 by: Ethan Huff Tags: bill gates, India, vaccines (Natural News) In the U.S., many look to him as a benevolent humanitarian simply trying to save the world from communicable disease. But in India, billionaire software guru Bill Gates has basically been told to get the hell out the country now that he and his wife Melinda’s infamous foundation has been exposed as nothing more than a vaccine-pushing fraud directly tied to Big Pharma. India’s National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization (NTAGI) announced recently that it is officially cutting ties with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. This announcement comes after it was shown that so-called vaccine “campaigns” conducted on tens of thousands of young girls throughout India back in 2009-2010 that were meant to help protect them from cervical cancer were actually cloaked vaccine trials involving two highly controversial vaccines known to injure and kill. The vaccines in question are Cervarix by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) and Gardasil by Merck & Co., both of which are marketed as protecting against the human papillomavirus (HPV), which is claimed to have a link to cervical cancer. Both vaccines come with extreme side effects, and evidence shows that GSK and Merck essentially teamed up with the Gates Foundation to take advantage of young Indian girls and use them as human guinea pigs in trials of the two vaccines. According to independent journalists, these trials resulted in thousands of injuries and hundreds of deaths that were eventually traced back to the two vaccines. Once news of this got back to Indian authorities, an investigation was launched that landed the Gates Foundation in court for serious ethical violations. Economic and Political Weekly, which led the investigation, says that the Gates Foundation ban is unquestionably necessary due to “…the promotional practices of drug companies, pressure from powerful international organizations, and the co-option of, and uncritical endorsement by India’s medical associations are influencing the country’s public health priorities.” Bill Gates guilty of committing serious crimes against humanity? Backing these claims are several whistleblowers from the Indian non-governmental women’s organization Sama, which brought before authorities considerable evidence showing that young women were taken advantage of by Bill Gates and his cronies, who illegally injected dangerous vaccines into them without proper consent or even full disclosure as to what was being dispensed into their bodies. Besides receiving the dangerous vaccines, these same women were forced to submit copies of their fingerprints to government authorities, a coercive effort that only further indicts the Gates Foundation for human rights violations involving some of the most vulnerable members of the global population. “The Centre has shut the gate on the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on a critical national health mission, and possible conflict of interest issues arising from the foundation’s ‘ties’ with pharmaceutical companies is one of the reasons,” reports the Economic Times of India. “All financial ties of the country’s apex immunization advisory body, National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization (NTAGI), with the Gates Foundation have been cut off.” Because India’s national health program has not been completely infiltrated by vaccine-pushing, drug-hawking eugenicists like Bill and Melinda Gates, various arms of its sub-agencies were able to support this decision and make it a reality. It took five years of battling with India’s Supreme Court, but ultimately it was all worth it because, for once, the globalists have lost a major avenue for pushing their agenda of death and destruction. “We welcome this move by the government,” Ashwani Mahajan, a co-convener of the Swadeshi Jagaran Manch (SJM) platform that successfully eradicated this entity of “economic imperialism,” told Economic Times of India, who wants to see India continue to reject this type of foreign infiltration. “We have always said foreign influence in our domestic policies in any way must be avoided.” Sources: JeffereyJaxen.com EconomicTimes.IndiaTimes.com Previous :Climate Change supporters become “science fascism” enforcers: Michael Mann sues critics who question his tortured conclusions Next : Science paper attempts to claim all flu shots work, even if it’s the wrong strain… but actually admits vaccine-induced immunization is a farce Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on bill gates India tosses out Gates Foundation due to conflicts of interest with Big Pharma Bill Gates’ fear-mongering being used to push new vaccines that poison children (and help achieve depopulation goals) The top 10 fake news stories of the last two years that were relentlessly pushed by the “fakestream media” Two of the world’s most evil people – Bill Gates and George Soros – behind Facebook’s news censorship agenda Same Bill Gates that pushes mosquito vaccines and depopulation agendas now celebrates Black Lives Matter and trans activism Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-02-14-india-tosses-out-gates-foundation-due-to-conflicts-of-interest-with-big-pharma.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-02-14-india-tosses-out-gates-foundation-due-to-conflicts-of-interest-with-big-pharma.html">India tosses out Gates Foundation due to conflicts of interest with Big Pharma</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Robert De Niro, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to announce something BIG tomorrow concerning vaccines and mercury - NaturalNews.com NYT commits TREASON in fake news attempt to overthrow the United States Government… is it time to start arresting traitors who pretend to be journalists? - NaturalNews.com India tosses out Gates Foundation due to conflicts of interest with Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Bombshell “mercury in vaccines” challenge to be announced tomorrow by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Robert De Niro - NaturalNews.com Mentally ill man missing since 2012 found wandering in the Amazon 5,000 miles from home - NaturalNews.com CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease ALERT: Pesticides, heavy metals found in organic rice - NaturalNews.com Worst case scenario: 100 foot tsunami would wipe out entire cities if there is a catastrophic failure of the Oroville dam - NaturalNews.com Why flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history Is Mark Zuckerberg planning to poison children with forced vaccinations? - NaturalNews.com Science paper attempts to claim all flu shots work, even if it’s the wrong strain… but actually admits vaccine-induced immunization is a farce - NaturalNews.com Beware: These foods can damage your metabolism - NaturalNews.com The people in Venezuela are so desperate for food they’re eating dogs, cats and flamingos - NaturalNews.com Top 6 news subjects that CNN, Washington Post and New York Times have never published and will not ever - NaturalNews.com BIOSLUDGED: Health Ranger warns EPA has unleashed a “devastating vector for bioterrorism against ourselves” - NaturalNews.com Government THEATER on parade in California as helicopters drop useless bags of rocks onto failing Oroville dam for the TV cameras - NaturalNews.com Dozens of popular vaccines found to be contaminated with unexplained particles containing toxic heavy metals - NaturalNews.com The media can no longer hide the truth about Fukushima; the entire world is in danger - NaturalNews.com Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes REAL or HOAX? UFO experts warn of “cosmic false flag” event, claiming deep state will fake alien invasion to achieve totalitarian control over humanity - NaturalNews.com New video details how Amazon.com SPIES on your most private thoughts, fetishes and conversations - NaturalNews.com Robert De Niro, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to announce something BIG tomorrow concerning vaccines and mercury - NaturalNews.com Oroville dam emergency demonstrates how incompetent bureaucrats are marching California into catastrophic collapse at every level - NaturalNews.com President Donald Trump has never had the flu shot… and never got the flu, either - coincidence? - NaturalNews.com NYT commits TREASON in fake news attempt to overthrow the United States Government… is it time to start arresting traitors who pretend to be journalists? - NaturalNews.com Army preps for civil unrest in America’s largest cities as risk of civil war looms - NaturalNews.com REVEALED: Cancer industry profits 'locked in' by nagalase molecule injected into humans via vaccines... spurs tumor growth... explains aggressive vaccine push Saffron can help reverse age-related vision loss - NaturalNews.com Tom Brady under malicious attack by chemical shills for following an ultra-clean organic diet that avoids MSG and sugar - NaturalNews.com Exhaustive RAND Corporation review of vaccine side effects finds strong evidence that vaccines cause Guillain-Barre Syndrome, myalgia, seizures, meningitis, encephalitis and more - NaturalNews.com India tosses out Gates Foundation due to conflicts of interest with Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com Is your TV spying on you? For millions of viewers, the answer is YES! - NaturalNews.com Bombshell “mercury in vaccines” challenge to be announced tomorrow by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and Robert De Niro - NaturalNews.com Government THEATER on parade in California as helicopters drop useless bags of rocks onto failing Oroville dam for the TV cameras - NaturalNews.com Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics - NaturalNews.com The media can no longer hide the truth about Fukushima; the entire world is in danger - NaturalNews.com CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com FDA quietly bans powerful life-saving intravenous Vitamin C - NaturalNews.com Media blackout over “unimaginable” radiation levels detected at Fukushima… MOX fuel melts through reactor floor… half life of 24,000 years - NaturalNews.com REAL or HOAX? UFO experts warn of “cosmic false flag” event, claiming deep state will fake alien invasion to achieve totalitarian control over humanity - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com Record radiation level detected at Fukushima reactor “unimaginable,” could kill human from even brief exposure - NaturalNews.com New video details how Amazon.com SPIES on your most private thoughts, fetishes and conversations - NaturalNews.com Robert De Niro, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to announce something BIG tomorrow concerning vaccines and mercury - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com How George Soros and Hillary Clinton almost conquered the world (but were stopped just in time) - NaturalNews.com “Muslim ban” a total lie… fact-less media gins up mass hysteria among left-wing zombie trolls… America now a “mob-ocracy” - NaturalNews.com Tom Brady under malicious attack by chemical shills for following an ultra-clean organic diet that avoids MSG and sugar - NaturalNews.com Oroville dam emergency demonstrates how incompetent bureaucrats are marching California into catastrophic collapse at every level - NaturalNews.com Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election 10 health benefits of cucumbers CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes Five ingredients that poison your brain Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Health News Lemons Contain 22 Cancer-Fighting Compounds (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 5 Ways Avocado Oil Will Make You Healthier (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Top 5 Natural Stress Relievers (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 5 Surprising Foods That Can Help Diminish Acid Reflux in Children (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Top 5 Natural Stress Relievers (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Top 5 Natural Stress Relievers (Blogs.naturalnews.com) AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Arena Pharmaceuticals Appoints Three New Members to Board of Directors SAN DIEGO, Feb. 14, 2017 — Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARNA) today announced the appointment of three new members to the company’s Board of Directors. Jayson Dallas, M.D., Oliver Fetzer, Ph.D., and Garry A. Neil, M.D. have joined as independent directors. The new directors are all international business executives with significant drug development and commercial expertise. In addition, current directors Harry F. Hixson, Jr., Ph.D. and Donald D. Belcher will be retiring from the Board at the annual meeting. „I would like to thank Dr. Hixson and Mr. Belcher for their years of service and welcome our new directors to the team,” said Tina S. Nova, Ph.D., Chair of the Board. „We believe the new members will provide experience that supports our clinical refocus as we progress our pipeline programs.” Dr. Dallas has successfully overseen multiple product launches and has led numerous commercial organizations through periods of rapid growth over the course of his more than 20 years in the pharmaceutical industry. Dr. Dallas currently serves as the Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President of Ultragenyx Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical company developing novel products for rare and ultra-rare diseases. Prior to Ultragenyx, Dr. Dallas served as General Manager of Roche UK. Prior to this, he held senior positions at Genentech, Novartis, Pharmacia and Roche. Dr. Dallas earned his medical degree from the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, South Africa and an MBA from Ashridge Business School in the United Kingdom. Dr. Fetzer has extensive experience in successful clinical development, deal transactions and biopharmaceuticals leadership over his more than 20 years in the industry. He is currently the Chief Executive Officer at Synthetic Genomics, a global leader in the field of synthetic biology and synthetic genomics. Dr. Fetzer previously served as the Chief Executive Officer at Cerulean Pharma and in a variety of senior management positions at Cubist Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Fetzer began his career and assumed various positions of increasing responsibility at the Boston Consulting Group (BCG). He serves on the board of Tecan Group AG. Dr. Fetzer received a B.S. in Biochemistry from the College of Charleston, his Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the Medical University of South Carolina, and an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University. Dr. Neil has over two decades of biopharmaceutical experience with an emphasis on drug development and regulatory strategy. Dr. Neil currently serves as Chief Scientific Officer of Aevi Genomic Medicine, a biotechnology company focused on genomic medicine. Previously, he held a number of senior positions in the pharmaceutical industry, academia and venture capital, including positions at Johnson & Johnson, Merck KGaA/EMD Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca and Astra Merck. He is the Founding Chairman of the pharmaceutical industry R&D consortium, TransCelerate Biopharma, and remains on its board. He also serves on the boards of Reagan Udall Foundation and GTx Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Neil holds a B.S. from the University of Saskatchewan and an M.D. from the University of Saskatchewan College of Medicine. He completed postdoctoral clinical training in internal medicine and gastroenterology at the University of Toronto and completed a postdoctoral research fellowship at the Research Institute of Scripps Clinic. „Each individual joining our Board brings to Arena drug development expertise with specific areas of experience in clinical and regulatory strategy, commercial planning, and corporate development,” added Amit Munshi, President and CEO of Arena. „The addition of the new Board members continues our transformation of Arena as we focus on bringing forward our proprietary pipeline of what we believe are first- or best-in-class Phase 2 compounds.” About Arena Pharmaceuticals Arena Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel, small molecule drugs across a range of therapeutic areas. Arena is focused on three primary proprietary investigational clinical programs: etrasimod (APD334) in Phase 2 evaluation for ulcerative colitis and initiating Phase 2 for additional indications, APD371 entering Phase 2 evaluation for the treatment of pain associated with Crohn’s disease, and ralinepag (APD811) in Phase 2 evaluation for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). In addition, Arena has collaborations with the following pharmaceutical companies: Eisai Co., Ltd. and Eisai Inc. (commercial stage), Axovant Sciences (Phase 2 candidate), and Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH (preclinical candidate). Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include statements about the significance and participation of the new board members; and Arena’s focus, primary programs and collaborations. For such statements, Arena claims the protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual events or results may differ materially from Arena’s expectations. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements include those disclosed in Arena’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements represent Arena’s judgment as of the time of this release. Arena disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements, other than as may be required under applicable law. Contact: Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Kevin R. Lind, Chief Financial Officer klind@arenapharm.com 858.210.3636 SOURCE Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, general, Industry, officer, Personnel Announcements, private, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Vitamin Shoppe® Takes Another Step In Its Transformation, Partnering With Leading Whole Health Expert, Tieraona Low Dog, M.D. Next PostNext Petrus Resources Announces Ferrier Acquisition and Private Placement Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Gibraltar Celebrates Opening of World Trade Center in the Face of Brexit Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Arena Pharmaceuticals Appoints Three New Members to Board of Directors News provided by Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Feb 14, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article SAN DIEGO, Feb. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARNA) today announced the appointment of three new members to the company's Board of Directors. Jayson Dallas, M.D., Oliver Fetzer, Ph.D., and Garry A. Neil, M.D. have joined as independent directors. The new directors are all international business executives with significant drug development and commercial expertise. In addition, current directors Harry F. Hixson, Jr., Ph.D. and Donald D. Belcher will be retiring from the Board at the annual meeting. "I would like to thank Dr. Hixson and Mr. Belcher for their years of service and welcome our new directors to the team," said Tina S. Nova, Ph.D., Chair of the Board. "We believe the new members will provide experience that supports our clinical refocus as we progress our pipeline programs." Dr. Dallas has successfully overseen multiple product launches and has led numerous commercial organizations through periods of rapid growth over the course of his more than 20 years in the pharmaceutical industry. Dr. Dallas currently serves as the Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President of Ultragenyx Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical company developing novel products for rare and ultra-rare diseases. Prior to Ultragenyx, Dr. Dallas served as General Manager of Roche UK. Prior to this, he held senior positions at Genentech, Novartis, Pharmacia and Roche. Dr. Dallas earned his medical degree from the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, South Africa and an MBA from Ashridge Business School in the United Kingdom. Dr. Fetzer has extensive experience in successful clinical development, deal transactions and biopharmaceuticals leadership over his more than 20 years in the industry. He is currently the Chief Executive Officer at Synthetic Genomics, a global leader in the field of synthetic biology and synthetic genomics. Dr. Fetzer previously served as the Chief Executive Officer at Cerulean Pharma and in a variety of senior management positions at Cubist Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Fetzer began his career and assumed various positions of increasing responsibility at the Boston Consulting Group (BCG). He serves on the board of Tecan Group AG. Dr. Fetzer received a B.S. in Biochemistry from the College of Charleston, his Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the Medical University of South Carolina, and an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University. Dr. Neil has over two decades of biopharmaceutical experience with an emphasis on drug development and regulatory strategy. Dr. Neil currently serves as Chief Scientific Officer of Aevi Genomic Medicine, a biotechnology company focused on genomic medicine. Previously, he held a number of senior positions in the pharmaceutical industry, academia and venture capital, including positions at Johnson & Johnson, Merck KGaA/EMD Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca and Astra Merck. He is the Founding Chairman of the pharmaceutical industry R&D consortium, TransCelerate Biopharma, and remains on its board. He also serves on the boards of Reagan Udall Foundation and GTx Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Neil holds a B.S. from the University of Saskatchewan and an M.D. from the University of Saskatchewan College of Medicine. He completed postdoctoral clinical training in internal medicine and gastroenterology at the University of Toronto and completed a postdoctoral research fellowship at the Research Institute of Scripps Clinic. "Each individual joining our Board brings to Arena drug development expertise with specific areas of experience in clinical and regulatory strategy, commercial planning, and corporate development," added Amit Munshi, President and CEO of Arena. "The addition of the new Board members continues our transformation of Arena as we focus on bringing forward our proprietary pipeline of what we believe are first- or best-in-class Phase 2 compounds." About Arena Pharmaceuticals Arena Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel, small molecule drugs across a range of therapeutic areas. Arena is focused on three primary proprietary investigational clinical programs: etrasimod (APD334) in Phase 2 evaluation for ulcerative colitis and initiating Phase 2 for additional indications, APD371 entering Phase 2 evaluation for the treatment of pain associated with Crohn's disease, and ralinepag (APD811) in Phase 2 evaluation for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). In addition, Arena has collaborations with the following pharmaceutical companies: Eisai Co., Ltd. and Eisai Inc. (commercial stage), Axovant Sciences (Phase 2 candidate), and Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH (preclinical candidate). Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include statements about the significance and participation of the new board members; and Arena's focus, primary programs and collaborations. For such statements, Arena claims the protection of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual events or results may differ materially from Arena's expectations. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements include those disclosed in Arena's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements represent Arena's judgment as of the time of this release. Arena disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements, other than as may be required under applicable law. Contact: Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Kevin R. Lind, Chief Financial Officer klind@arenapharm.com 858.210.3636 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arena-pharmaceuticals-appoints-three-new-members-to-board-of-directors-300406629.html SOURCE Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Related Links http://www.arenapharm.com Feb 09, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Arena Pharmaceuticals Announces Three Upcoming Presentations at the 12th Congress of European Crohn's and Colitis Organisation - Inflammatory Bowel Diseases 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 09, 2017, 08:30 ETArena Pharmaceuticals Announces Three Upcoming Presentations at... Jan 04, 2017, 16:05 ETArena Pharmaceuticals and Eisai Amend Marketing and Supply... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Personnel Announcements You just read: Arena Pharmaceuticals Appoints Three New Members to Board of Directors News provided by Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Feb 14, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Incyte Reports 2016 Fourth-Quarter and Year-End Financial Results, Provides 2017 Financial Guidance and Updates on Key Clinical Programs WILMINGTON, Del.–()–Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) today reports 2016 fourth-quarter and year-end financial results, highlighting strong revenue growth driven by increased sales of Jakafi® (ruxolitinib) in the U.S. and Iclusig® (ponatinib) in Europe, and royalties from ex-U.S. sales of Jakavi® (ruxolitinib) by Novartis. Additionally, Incyte is providing financial guidance for 2017. “We have had a very productive year at Incyte, during which we expanded our geographic footprint to include Europe and further advanced our clinical portfolio, including the recently announced expansion of the epacadostat development program,” stated Hervé Hoppenot, Incyte’s Chief Executive Officer. “Having now surpassed $1 billion in total annual revenue for the first time, we believe we are in a strong position to execute on our discovery and development objectives and build a global biopharmaceutical company bringing medicines to patients in need.” Baricitinib, a potential new oral treatment for patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) licensed to Eli Lilly and Company (Lilly), is now approved in Europe as Olumiant® and is under regulatory review globally. The European approval of Olumiant triggers a $65 million payment to Incyte from Lilly, and Incyte is eligible to receive additional potential milestone payments, as well as royalties on sales of Olumiant. Incyte has recently opted into co-development of multiple new indications for baricitinib, including psoriatic arthritis, in which Lilly is expected to begin a Phase 3 trial in 2017. Incyte continues to expand its development portfolio—the Company anticipates the initiation of new pivotal trials in at least six indications from its broad late-stage portfolio during 2017 and is conducting four Phase 2 trials which, if successful, could also potentially act as registration-enabling studies. Two recent strategic collaborations have added to Incyte’s early-stage R&D programs—the alliance with Merus provides access to bispecific drug discovery and the licensing agreement with Calithera adds INCB01158, a first-in-class oral arginase inhibitor, to Incyte’s immuno-oncology development portfolio. Portfolio Update Cancer – Targeted Therapies The pivotal program investigating ruxolitinib as a treatment for patients with graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) has begun. REACH1, the pivotal Phase 2 trial in patients with steroid-refractory acute GVHD, enrolled its first patient in December 2016; the REACH2 and REACH3 randomized Phase 3 trials in steroid-refractory acute and steroid-refractory chronic GVHD, respectively, are expected to begin in 2017 in collaboration with Novartis. A pivotal program of ruxolitinib as a treatment for patients with essential thrombocythemia is also expected to begin in 2017. Itacitinib (formerly INCB39110), Incyte’s selective JAK1 inhibitor, is anticipated to enter a global pivotal development program for the treatment of patients with treatment-naïve acute GVHD during 2017. In January 2017, Incyte disclosed its FGFR4 inhibitor discovery program, the lead molecule from which, INCB62079, is expected to enter proof-of-concept clinical trials during 2017.                     Indication     Status Update Ruxolitinib (JAK1/JAK2)     Steroid-refractory acute GVHD     Pivotal (REACH1) trial underway; Phase 3 (REACH2) trial expected to begin in 2017 Ruxolitinib (JAK1/JAK2) Steroid-refractory chronic GVHD Phase 3 (REACH3) trial expected to begin in 2017 Ruxolitinib (JAK1/JAK2) Essential thrombocythemia Pivotal program expected to begin in 2017 Itacitinib (JAK1) Treatment-naïve acute GVHD Pivotal program expected to begin in 2017 Itacitinib (JAK1) Non-small cell lung cancer Phase 1/2 in combination with osimertinib (EGFR) INCB52793 (JAK1) Advanced malignancies Phase 1/2 dose-escalation INCB50465 (PI3Kδ) Diffuse large B cell lymphoma Phase 2 (CITADEL-202) expected to begin in first half of 2017 INCB54828 (FGFR1/2/3) Bladder cancer, cholangiocarcinoma; 8p11 MPNs Phase 2 INCB54329 (BRD) Advanced malignancies Phase 1/2 dose-escalation INCB57643 (BRD) Advanced malignancies Phase 1/2 dose-escalation INCB53914 (PIM) Advanced malignancies Phase 1/2 dose-escalation INCB59872 (LSD1) Acute myeloid leukemia, small cell lung cancer Phase 1/2 dose-escalation INCB62079 (FGFR4)     Hepatocellular carcinoma     Phase 1/2 dose-escalation expected to begin in 2017   Cancer – Immune Therapies In January 2017, Incyte and Merck announced the decision to expand the clinical development program investigating epacadostat with pembrolizumab, and plan to initiate Phase 3 trials of the combination in four additional tumors beyond melanoma: non-small cell lung cancer, renal cell carcinoma, bladder cancer and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. These Phase 3 trials are expected to begin in 2017. In January 2017, Incyte announced that it licensed worldwide rights from Calithera Biosciences to develop and commercialize INCB01158, a first-in-class, oral arginase inhibitor in hematology and oncology indications. In February 2017, Incyte and Agenus announced an amended agreement, converting the ongoing GITR and OX40 antibody programs from co-funded development and profit-sharing arrangements to royalty-bearing programs, with Incyte now responsible for global development and commercialization.                     Indication     Status Update Epacadostat (IDO1)     Unresectable or metastatic melanoma     Phase 3 (ECHO-301) in combination with pembrolizumab (PD-1) NSCLC, renal, bladder and head & neck cancer Phase 3 in combination with pembrolizumab (PD-1) expected to begin in 2017 Multiple tumor types Phase 2 (ECHO-202) expansion cohorts in combination with pembrolizumab (PD-1) Multiple tumor types Phase 2 (ECHO-204) expansion cohorts in combination with nivolumab (PD-1) Multiple tumor types Phase 2 (ECHO-203) expansion cohorts in combination with durvalumab (PD-L1) NSCLC, bladder cancer Phase 1/2 (ECHO-110) dose-escalation in combination with atezolizumab (PD-L1) INCB01158 (ARG, co-developed with Calithera) Solid tumors Phase 1/2 dose-escalation INCSHR1210 (PD-1, licensed from Hengrui) Solid tumors Phase 1/2 dose-escalation completed; enrollment suspended INCAGN1876 (GITR) Solid tumors Phase 1/2 dose-escalation INCAGN1949 (OX40) Solid tumors Phase 1/2 dose-escalation   PD-1 platform study Solid tumors Phase 1/2, pembrolizumab (PD-1) in combination with itacitinib (JAK1) or INCB50465 (PI3Kδ) JAK1 platform study     Solid tumors     Phase 1/2, itacitinib (JAK1) in combination with epacadostat (IDO1) or INCB50465 (PI3Kδ)   Non-oncology A Phase 2 trial of topical ruxolitinib for the treatment of patients with atopic dermatitis has recently been initiated, and a Phase 2 trial in patients with vitiligo is expected to begin during 2017.                     Indication     Status Update Topical ruxolitinib (JAK1/JAK2)     Alopecia areata, atopic dermatitis     Phase 2       Vitiligo     Phase 2 expected to begin in 2017   Partnered In February 2017, the European Commission approved baricitinib – which will be marketed as Olumiant – for the treatment of moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients who have responded inadequately to, or who are intolerant to, one or more disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs). In January 2017, the FDA extended the review period for the new drug application (NDA) for baricitinib by three months to allow time to review additional data analyses submitted by Lilly. Lilly has announced its intention to initiate a Phase 3 program investigating baricitinib as a treatment for patients with psoriatic arthritis during 2017, and Incyte has opted into co-development in this indication. Incyte has also opted into co-development in axial spondyloarthritis and atopic dermatitis, should Lilly decide to progress into a pivotal program in these indications. Novartis anticipates submitting an NDA for capmatinib, Incyte’s potent and selective c-MET inhibitor, in 2018.                     Indication     Status Update Baricitinib (JAK1/JAK2, licensed to Lilly)     Rheumatoid arthritis     Approved in Europe; FDA review extended by three months Psoriatic arthritis Phase 3 expected to begin in 2017 Atopic dermatitis, systemic lupus erythematosus Phase 2 Capmatinib (c-MET, licensed to Novartis)     Non-small cell lung cancer, liver cancer     Phase 2 in EGFR wild-type ALK negative NSCLC patients with c-MET amplification and mutation   2016 Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year Financial Results Revenues For the quarter ended December 31, 2016, net product revenues of Jakafi were $238 million as compared to $182 million for the same period in 2015, representing 30 percent growth. For the full year ended December 31, 2016, net product revenues of Jakafi were $853 million as compared to $601 million for the same period in 2015, representing 42 percent growth. For the quarter and seven month period ended December 31, 2016, net product revenues of Iclusig were $13 million and $30 million, respectively1. For the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016, product royalties from sales of Jakavi outside of the United States received from Novartis were $33 million and $111 million, respectively, as compared to $24 million and $75 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. For the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016, contract revenues were $43 million and $113 million, respectively, as compared to $38 million and $78 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. The increase in contract revenues for the full year ended December 31, 2016 relates to milestone payments earned. For the quarter ended December 31, 2016, total revenues were $326 million as compared to $244 million for the same period in 2015. For the full year ended December 31, 2016, total revenues were $1,106 million as compared to $754 million for the same period in 2015.   Year Over Year Revenue Growth (in thousands, unaudited)                         Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, % December 31, % 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues: Jakafi net product revenue $ 237,531 $ 182,021 30% $ 852,816 $ 601,015 42% Iclusig net product revenue 12,867 – – 29,588 – – Product royalty revenues 33,225 23,646 41% 110,711 74,821 48% Contract revenues 42,869 38,214 – 112,512 77,857 – Other revenues   6   – –   92   58 – Total revenues $ 326,498 $ 243,881 34% $ 1,105,719 $ 753,751 47%   Research and development expenses Research and development expenses for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016 were $162 million and $582 million, respectively, as compared to $117 million and $480 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. Included in research and development expenses for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016 were non-cash expenses related to equity awards to our employees of $17 million and $60 million, respectively. The increase in research and development expenses for the full year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily due to the expansion of the Company’s clinical portfolio. Selling, general and administrative expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016 were $96 million and $303 million, respectively, as compared to $52 million and $197 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. Included in selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016 were non-cash expenses related to equity awards to our employees of $10 million and $36 million, respectively. Increased selling, general and administrative expenses are driven primarily by additional costs related to the commercialization of Jakafi and the geographic expansion in Europe. Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration The change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration of $7 million and $17 million for the quarter and seven month period ended December 31, 2016 represents the fair market value adjustments of the Company’s contingent liability related to the acquisition of the European business of ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Unrealized loss on long term investment Unrealized loss on long term investment for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016 were of $24 million and $3 million, respectively, as compared to $0 million and $5 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. The unrealized loss on long term investment represents the fair market value adjustments of the Company’s investment in Agenus. Net income Net income for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 was $9 million, or $0.05 per basic and diluted share, as compared to net income of $55 million, or $0.30 per basic and $0.29 per diluted share for the same period in 2015. Net income for the full year ended December 31, 2016 was $104 million, or $0.55 per basic and $0.54 per diluted share, as compared to net income of $7 million, or $0.04 per basic and $0.03 per diluted share for the same period in 2015. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities position As of December 31, 2016, cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $809 million, as compared to $708 million as of December 31, 2015. 2017 Financial Guidance The Company has provided full year 2017 financial guidance, as detailed below.               Guidance Jakafi net product revenues     $1,020-$1,070 million Iclusig net product revenues $60-$65 million Research and development expenses: ongoing $785-$835 million Research and development expenses: anticipated one-time items* $205 million Selling, general and administrative expenses $340-$360 million Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration     $30-$35 million * One-time items related to the amended Agenus collaboration, and the Merus and Calithera collaborations   Conference Call and Webcast Information Incyte will hold its 2016 fourth-quarter and year-end financial results conference call and webcast this morning at 10:00 a.m. ET. To access the conference call, please dial 877-407-9221 for domestic callers or 201-689-8597 for international callers. When prompted, provide the conference identification number, 13653254. If you are unable to participate, a replay of the conference call will be available for 30 days. The replay dial-in number for the United States is 877-660-6853 and the dial-in number for international callers is 201-612-7415. To access the replay you will need the conference identification number, 13653254. The conference call will also be webcast live and can be accessed at www.incyte.com in the Investors section under “Events and Presentations”. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. About Jakafi®(ruxolitinib) Jakafi is a first-in-class JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for treatment of people with polycythemia vera (PV) who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea. Jakafi is also indicated for treatment of people with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis (MF), including primary MF, post–polycythemia vera MF, and post–essential thrombocythemia MF. Jakafi is marketed by Incyte in the United States and by Novartis as Jakavi® (ruxolitinib) outside the United States. About Iclusig® (ponatinib) tablets Iclusig targets not only native BCR-ABL but also its isoforms that carry mutations that confer resistance to treatment, including the T315I mutation, which has been associated with resistance to other approved TKIs. In the EU, Iclusig is approved for the treatment of adult patients with chronic phase, accelerated phase or blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) who are resistant to dasatinib or nilotinib; who are intolerant to dasatinib or nilotinib and for whom subsequent treatment with imatinib is not clinically appropriate; or who have the T315I mutation, or the treatment of adult patients with Philadelphia-chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ ALL) who are resistant to dasatinib; who are intolerant to dasatinib and for whom subsequent treatment with imatinib is not clinically appropriate; or who have the T315I mutation. Incyte has an exclusive license from ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc to develop and commercialize Iclusig in the European Union and 22 other countries, including Switzerland, Norway, Turkey, Israel and Russia. Forward-Looking Statements Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this release contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding: the Company’s financial guidance for 2017 and the expectations underlying such guidance; whether and when the Company will receive potential milestone payments or royalty payments from Lilly with respect to baricitinib and whether baricitinib will be approved in the U.S.; and plans and expectations regarding the Company’s product pipeline and strategy – including timelines for advancing its drug candidates through clinical trials (including enrollment and commencement), whether certain trials will serve as the basis for registration, timelines for regulatory submissions and timelines for releasing trial data, and whether any specific program will be successful – and plans and expectations regarding development activities of the Company’s collaboration partners. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments in and risks related to: the efficacy or safety of our products; the acceptance of our products in the marketplace; market competition; further research and development; sales, marketing and distribution requirements; clinical trials, including pivotal trials, possibly being unsuccessful or insufficient to meet applicable regulatory standards or warrant continued development; the ability to enroll sufficient numbers of subjects in clinical trials; other market, economic or strategic factors and technological advances; unanticipated delays; the ability of the Company to compete against parties with greater financial or other resources; the Company’s dependence on its relationships with its collaboration partners; greater than expected expenses; expenses relating to litigation or strategic activities; our ability to obtain additional capital when needed; obtaining and maintaining effective patent coverage for the Company’s products; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. 1 In June 2016, Incyte obtained an exclusive license from ARIAD to develop and commercialize Iclusig in Europe and other select ex-U.S. countries.   INCYTE CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited, in thousands, except per share amounts)           Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, December 31, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Product revenues, net $ 250,398 $ 182,021 $ 882,404 $ 601,015 Product royalty revenues 33,225 23,646 110,711 74,821 Contract revenues 42,869 38,214 112,512 77,857 Other revenues   6     –     92     58   Total revenues   326,498     243,881     1,105,719     753,751     Costs and expenses: Cost of product revenues (including definite-lived intangible amortization) 19,610 9,704 58,187 26,972 Research and development 161,585 116,630 581,861 479,514 Selling, general and administrative 96,085 52,467 303,251 196,614 Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration   7,139     –     17,422     –   Total costs and expenses   284,419     178,801     960,721     703,100     Income from operations 42,079 65,080 144,998 50,651 Interest and other income, net 594 1,289 4,412 7,089 Interest expense (9,470 ) (10,213 ) (38,745 ) (45,603 ) Unrealized loss on long term investment   (23,758 )   (466 )   (3,261 )   (4,581 ) Income before provision for income taxes 9,445 55,690 107,404 7,556 Provision for income taxes   572     512     3,182     1,025   Net income $ 8,873   $ 55,178   $ 104,222   $ 6,531     Net income per share: Basic $ 0.05 $ 0.30 $ 0.55 $ 0.04 Diluted $ 0.05 $ 0.29 $ 0.54 $ 0.03   Shares used in computing net income per share: Basic 188,598 186,269 187,873 179,601 Diluted 195,187 193,367 194,125 187,302     INCYTE CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited, in thousands)         December 31, December 31, 2016 2015 ASSETS Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 808,546 $ 707,783 Restricted cash and investments 902 14,493 Accounts receivable 148,758 114,450 Property and equipment, net 167,679 86,006 Inventory 19,299 19,338 Prepaid expenses and other assets 35,396 30,122 Long term investment 31,987 35,248 Other intangible assets, net 258,437 – In-process research and development 12,000 – Goodwill   155,593   – Total assets $ 1,638,597 $ 1,007,440   LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 266,649 $ 203,880 Deferred revenue—collaborative agreements – 12,512 Convertible senior notes 651,481 619,893 Acquisition-related contingent consideration 301,000 – Stockholders’ equity   419,467   171,155 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 1,638,597 $ 1,007,440   CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Computing, Food and Beverage, general, Markets, officer, post, section, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Foothills Exploration, Inc (FTXP: OTCQB) | Foothills Announces Drilling Results on its Labokay Well Next PostNext Solar Alliance Achieves Profitability for the Second Straight Month Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts 3 European Mutual Funds to Buy as Economy Revives Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&amp;P, Nasdaq Nab Streak Not Seen Since ’92 4 Zacks Rank #1 Mid-Cap Growth Funds to Buy Gibraltar Celebrates Opening of World Trade Center in the Face of Brexit Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – TEF Proudly powered by WordPress
No Ads Thursday | February 16, 2017 Trending How faith-based organizations are transforming our nation's incarceration system 02/15/17 12:05 AM Trump, GOP Congress have already cut $2.8 billion in regulations 02/14/17 03:24 PM Poll: Hispanics back Trump deportations, ending 'sanctuary cities' 02/14/17 03:08 PM The GOP's new weapon: Elizabeth Warren 02/15/17 12:01 AM The new American Girl doll is not a girl 02/14/17 07:26 PM Washington worries Trump administration is dysfunctional 02/15/17 12:01 AM White House official Omarosa shares recorded confrontation with reporter 02/15/17 07:40 AM Support Israel by moving the US Embassy to Jerusalem 02/14/17 07:00 PM GOP follows Trump's lead, demands leak investigation 02/15/17 12:01 AM Dan Rather: 'Watergate is the biggest political scandal of my lifetime, until maybe now' 02/14/17 06:08 PM Pence learns the limits of vice presidential powers 02/14/17 10:46 AM Cruz in push to revoke citizenship from Americans who join Islamic State 02/14/17 12:57 PM Ted Cruz introduces bill to abolish CFPB 02/14/17 04:09 PM Marco Rubio and his wife to have dinner with Trumps 02/14/17 11:23 PM Report: Trump's campaign made many contacts with Russian officials 02/14/17 10:27 PM Republicans, the future is not lost 02/15/17 12:05 AM Gallup poll finds clear majorities of Americans see Trump as strong leader who keeps promises 02/14/17 12:15 PM Expert: North Korea threatens EMP, nuke attack on U.S. 02/14/17 09:24 AM Trump: CNN, MSNBC reporting 'conspiracy theories' and 'blind hatred' 02/15/17 06:57 AM New York Times duped by fake Flynn Twitter account 02/14/17 11:18 AM Image of Putin caressing a pregnant Trump appears on New York building 02/14/17 09:01 PM Who is spying on Michael Flynn and why? 02/14/17 05:47 PM WaPo editor: Would have covered Clinton the 'same' way as Trump 02/15/17 02:18 PM President Trump takes first steps to change Obamacare 02/15/17 09:48 AM More mainstream media mess-ups: The Muslim Olympian 'detained because of President Trump's travel ban' was detained under Obama 02/13/17 08:50 AM Schumer: Raids are snaring 'law-abiding' illegals 02/13/17 04:15 PM ICE calls controversial detainee 'self-admitted gang member' 02/14/17 07:32 PM Steve Bannon: 'I could care less' about repairing relationship with media 02/15/17 12:08 PM Retired SEAL Vice Adm. Robert Harward top candidate to replace Flynn 02/14/17 02:27 PM Mainstream Media Scream: Smeared 'Tea Party' name OK when it's liberal 02/13/17 01:35 PM 5 up-and-coming GOP governors to watch 02/13/17 12:01 AM Alan Dershowitz: Why Trump and Netanyahu will get along well 02/14/17 04:57 PM GOP congressman shocks leftist callers by answering phone himself 02/15/17 12:01 AM Former Petraeus mistress: He's 'very qualified' to replace Flynn 02/14/17 10:47 PM GOP congressional offices flooded with Obamacare calls, emails 02/15/17 12:01 AM Indicted Democrat partied with Pelosi, flew with Obama, and campaigned for Clinton 02/09/17 04:18 PM A new beginning with Israel 02/15/17 12:04 AM Conservatives take a leap of faith on Gorsuch 02/15/17 12:01 AM Report: 72 convicted of terrorism from 'Trump 7' mostly Muslim countries 02/11/17 10:13 AM Trump adviser's carbon tax talks alarm conservatives 02/15/17 12:00 AM Republicans to liberal protesters: 'Get over it, grow up' 02/15/17 11:20 AM GAO: Cyber attack threat from federal employees 02/15/17 01:16 PM Tom Friedman: Trump's election was another 9/11, Pearl Harbor 02/15/17 10:15 AM Obamacare takes big hit as major insurer pulls out 02/14/17 05:36 PM Andrew Puzder withdraws as Trump's labor secretary nominee 02/15/17 02:39 PM Byron York: Time for Trump to hit campaign trail 02/13/17 07:40 PM Mother of son murdered by illegal immigrant asks Pelosi which of her children is 'expendable' 01/31/17 11:20 PM Musicians ask Trump for money help after Grammys bashing 02/13/17 12:16 AM The Left is collapsing everywhere 02/13/17 12:02 AM Ivanka Trump causes stir by sitting at the president's desk 02/14/17 05:25 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us Rep. Elijah Cummings, shown, and Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., expressed outrage that Marathon Pharmaceuticals planned to charge $89,000 a year for a drug that's widely available abroad for about $1,000 a year. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta, File) Another day, another drugmaker getting yelled at By Robert King • 2/14/17 12:01 AM Robert King Healthcare Correspondent The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/King-3.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Outrage is brewing in Congress over another drugmaker that raised the price of a drug for a rare disease. Lawmakers are demanding answers about the costs of research and development and how much revenue and profit the company stands to gain from drug. A congressional hearing with company officials could be on the horizon. Shooting off a scathing letter rebuking a drugmaker's high prices is becoming routine in Washington. The latest was a letter sent by Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., on Monday to Illinois-based Marathon Pharmaceuticals for the $89,000-a-year cost of a drug treating a rare pediatric disease. However, the public tar-and-feathering of the pharmaceutical industry has had a mixed result, depending on how big the company is, one expert said. Stay abreast of the latest developments from nation's capital and beyond with curated News Alerts from the Washington Examiner news desk and delivered to your inbox. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for Washington Examiner News Alerts. You should receive your first alert soon! "To Big Pharma, it is having a significant impact because they are worried," said Gerard Anderson, health policy professor at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health. Anderson said larger companies such as Pfizer and Merck are paying attention to the congressional concerns because of long-term impact to their brand and business through any new laws. The industry's biggest lobbying group, Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, is running a major ad campaign this year to rehab its image. However, some major companies still raised prices year. An analysis from the Wall Street Journal found that in the first quarter of 2016 more than two-thirds of the biggest 20 drug companies used price increases to drive sales growth. Also from the Washington Examiner OMB director pick likely to be confirmed, but his battles have just begun Rep. Mick Mulvaney, a budget hawk, will have to face off with war hawks and other spenders. By Sarah Westwood • 02/16/17 12:01 AM Smaller companies have been responsible for some of the biggest price hikes highlighted by Congress. "A lot of these small companies that are trying to maximize their revenues right now don't take a long perspective and therefore are ignoring all of these letters," Anderson said. Those companies are more worried about the next quarter than whether their brand will survive public disdain, he added. One of the most infamous companies was a small biotech firm called Turing Pharmaceuticals, which ignited public furor by raising the price of the anti-malarial drug Daraprim by 5,000 percent. The former CEO, Martin Shkreli, grew in infamy by disregarding the criticism. This led to a contentious hearing with the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee where lawmakers attempted to query Shkreli about the price, but he refused to answer questions because of pending federal charges over unrelated trading practices. Also from the Washington Examiner Roger Stone: CNN 'cowards' won't interview me CNN banned the political consultant from the network in 2015. By Eddie Scarry • 02/16/17 12:01 AM The latest victim of Washington ire is Marathon Pharmaceuticals, which received Food and Drug Administration approval last week for treating the rare pediatric disease Duchenne's muscular dystrophy. Reports showed that Marathon plans to charge $89,000 a year for Emflaxa, which is a steroid that is sold for about $1,000 a year overseas. While the drug has been approved overseas as a steroid, it received FDA approval for a new use under the orphan drug program. The program gives companies seven years of market exclusivity for a drug that treats rare diseases, an incentive for drugmakers to make products for under-served patient populations. On Monday, Sanders and Cummings sent a letter to Marathon demanding answers about the price. The letter resembles other missives sent to drugmakers over the past few years, asking for answers on research and development costs and any information on sales presentations. Last week, more than 30 Democrats wrote to Kaleo Pharmaceuticals demanding answers for charging $4,500 for an auto-injector of naloxone, an opioid overdose antidote. The drug cost $690 in 2014. Other price hikes that got attention from Congress include Valeant and Marathon raising the price by more than 500 percent of two older heart medications. Generic drugmaker Mylan also testified before Congress to explain the $600 price for a two-pack of the allergy drug EpiPen. The company afterward began offering a generic version for $300. Lawmakers also have started investigations into generic drugs overall and the high price of insulin. In addition, the House Oversight Committee and Senate Special Committee on Aging have held high-profile hearings excoriating pharmaceutical CEOs for the prices. Despite the letters, the outrage and the hearings, no major legislation has been introduced to address high drug prices, but that could change in this Congress. President Trump has criticized high prices before and has hinted at reforms such as giving Medicare the power to negotiate for lower drug prices and speeding up FDA approvals. Legislation has been introduced in the House to speed up approvals of generic drug, but no legislation has been introduced to give Medicare negotiating power. Several drug makers have adopted a practice of buying an older drug that has no competition and jacking up the price. Turing's 5,000 percent spike of Daraprim, which was a brand name drug on the market for decades but not protected by a patent, is one such example. Some advocates are in favor of spurring more innovation. "If we are serious about lowering drug costs, we have to make sure that incentives created to spur innovation are used for groundbreaking research instead of simply fleecing the American people," said Will Holley, spokesman for the Campaign for Sustainable Rx Pricing. Top Story For GOP, another day in Trump whirlwind: Confusion, defiance, and a nagging fear I spent much of Wednesday talking and corresponding with Republicans in various states of anxiety about the latest revelations concerning the Trump campaign and Russia. Some put more credence in the allegations than others. All thought the leaks of national security intercepts behind the news stories were outrageous, and that the leakers should be punished. But even for those most inclined to support President Trump, there was still a nagging fear that the stories might be true. A former government official was the most alarmed. We talked in the morning, not long after he read the much-discussed New York Times story headlined, "Trump Aides Had Contact With Russian Intelligence. By Byron York • 02/15/17 11:03 PM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | Healthcare | Donald Trump | Pharmaceutical Industry | Elijah Cummings | Bernie Sanders | Robert King Subscribe to Alerts + News + Healthcare + Donald Trump + Pharmaceutical Industry + Elijah Cummings + Bernie Sanders + Robert King Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2017 Washington, DC Politics 2017-02-14 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/another-day-another-drugmaker-getting-yelled-at/article/2614724 2017-02-14T00:01 2017-02-15T12:44 Another day, another drugmaker getting yelled at Outrage is brewing in Congress over another drugmaker that raised the price of a drug for a rare disease. Lawmakers are demanding answers about the costs of research and development and how much revenue and profit the company stands to gain from drug. A congressional hearing with company officials could be on the horizon. Shooting off a scathing letter rebuking a drugmaker's high prices is becoming routine in Washington. The latest was a letter sent by Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., on Monday to Illinois-based Marathon Pharmaceuticals for the $89,000-a-year cost of a drug treating a rare pediatric disease. However, the public tar-and-feathering of the pharmaceutical industry has had a mixed result, depending on how big the company is, one expert said. To Big Pharma, it is having a significant impact because they are worried, said Gerard Anderson, health policy professor at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health. Politics,News,Healthcare,Donald Trump,Minusextra,Pharmaceutical Industry,Elijah Cummings,Bernie Sanders,Robert King http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-469d13dc0b08e80ca57ee9a2d8bd9f39.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-469d13dc0b08e80ca57ee9a2d8bd9f39.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Veterinary Vaccines Market Size, Analysis, Trends, Report, Share, Investment Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Stratistics MRC, one stop shop for all your market research needs. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Veterinary Vaccines market is accounted for $5.4 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.1 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.7% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing foodborne and zoonotic diseases, global consumption of meat and milk products, increasing animal bites, increasing husbandry practices and improved veterinary vaccines delivery systems will propel market growth. Intense competition from cheaper generic substitutes, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet and strict regulations for product approval will hinder market growth. Order a copy at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/veterinary-vaccines-market-2016 The DNA vaccine amongst product segment is anticipated to show high growth rate during forecast period, due to innovations in vaccination technology.  Foot & mouth disease accounted for the highest market share in disease type. A veterinary clinic in distribution channel segment is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period. Europe is the leading market for Veterinary Vaccines followed by North America.  Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at fastest rate. Some of the key players in global Veterinary Vaccines market are Bayer Healthcare, Biogenesis Bago, Boehringer Ingelheim ,Ceva Animal Health, Diamond Animal Healthcare (Heska), Elanco Animal Health (Eli Lilly), Heska Corporation, Indian Immunological Ltd., Merck Animal Health, Merial Inc. (Sanofi), Vetoquinol, Virbac Ltd. and Zoetis. Request for a sample at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/veterinary-vaccines-market-2016 Scope of the Report: Products Covered: • Attenuated Live Vaccines  • Conjugate Vaccines  • DNA Vaccines • Inactivated Vaccines  • Recombinant Vaccines  • Subunit Vaccines  • Toxoid Vaccines Disease Types Covered: • Companion Animal Diseases o Feline Disease o Canine Vaccines • Poultry Diseases o Avian Influenza o Coccidiosis o Gumboro Disease o Infectious Bronchitis o Marek’s Disease o Mycoplasma o Newcastle Disease o Other Poultry Diseases • Porcine Diseases o Auzeszky’s Disease o Porcine Circovirus II o Porcine Parvovirus o Porcine Reproductive Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS) o Swine Influenza o Swine Pneumonia o Other Porcine Diseases • Equine Diseases o Equine Encephalomyelitis o Equine Influenza o Equine Rhinopneumonitis o Strangles o Tetanus o Other Equine Diseases • Livestock Diseases o Bovine Disease o Small Ruminant Animal Disease • Aquaculture Diseases o Furunculosis o Pasteurellosis o Vibriosis o Other Aquaculture Diseases • Other Animal Diseases Distribution Channels Covered: • Veterinary Hospitals • Veterinary Clinics • Retail pharmacies • Veterinary Research institutes • Other Distribution Channels Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK  o Spain      o Rest of Europe  • Asia Pacific o Japan        o China        o India        o Australia        o New Zealand       o Rest of Asia Pacific       • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Follow us on LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd Media Contact Company Name: Stratistics Market Research Consulting Contact Person: James Lamb Email: Send Email Phone: +1-301-202-5929 City: Gaithersburg State: Maryland Country: United States Website: www.strategymrc.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Health, Health & Medicine, Industry, Markets, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Technology, U.S., World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Barrier Helps Curb Illegal Camping and Dumping Next PostNext “American Dream” music video from Bob Pressner portraying the divisiveness of America under the Trump presidency hits #1 on YouTube Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Global Insulin Biosimilars Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Insulin Biosimilars market is accounted for $xx million in 2015 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2015 to 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, February 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Insulin Biosimilars Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Insulin Biosimilars -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Insulin Biosimilars market is accounted for $xx million in 2015 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2015 to 2022. Growing pervasiveness of type 1 diabetes and ongoing approvals by the government authorities are nurturing the market growth. Some drivers such as growing population exposures, technological developments and favorable medical repayment scenario in developed countries are poised to favour the market growth. However, patent protection rights of Insulin and strong vengeance from the key manufacturers are some of the restraints limiting the market. North America led the insulin biosimilars market due to rising demand for insulin in the region. Europe is anticipated to account for second largest share and Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. APAC players are competing on the basis of price and have pool of patients affected by diabetes, thus fueling the market growth. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/731610-insulin-biosimilars-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players operating in the market include Eli Lilly & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Biocon, Mylan N.V., Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi S.A., Ypsomed AG, NOVO Nordisk A/S and Wockhardt Limited. Disease Indications Covered: • Type I Diabetes • Type II Diabetes Biosimilars Types Covered: • Long-Acting Biosimilars • Premixed Biosimilars • Rapid-Acting Biosimilars Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/731610-insulin-biosimilars-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=731610 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Industry, leave, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Rolling Stock Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Printing Servers Market Type, Application, Specification, Technology And Forecast To 2022 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Global Cancer Vaccines Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2020 – Orbis Research Orbis ResearchOrbisResearch.com has published new research report on “Global-Cancer Vaccines Market and Pipeline Vaccines Analysis to 2020” to its database. The cancer industry is one of the most lucrative business worldwide. Cancer vaccines are a viable option for treating many types of cancers which in the present day do not have effective treatments. Cancer vaccines can be broadly classified into two segments: prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines. Prophylactic vaccines are used for the prevention of cancer, whereas therapeutic vaccines are used for treatment of cancer. With the rising incidences of cancer and limited treatment options, physicians are being forced to look for precautionary vaccines beyond the conventional treatments. As a result, many companies are now investing in developing prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines to curb this deadly disease. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-cancer-vaccines-market-and-pipeline-vaccines-analysis-to-2020 The prophylactic vaccines currently available in the market include Merck’s Gardasil and GSK’s Cervarix while the only therapeutic vaccine in the market is Dendreon’s Provenge. In the global cancer vaccines market, the prophylactic vaccines segment account for maximum share of the market. However, the market share of prophylactic vaccines is likely to decline continuously during the forecasting period due to the increasing uptake of therapeutic vaccines. The market share of therapeutic cancer vaccines is anticipated to increase during the forecasting period. In the cancer vaccines market, Merck is the clear leader and is expected to maintain its dominancy over a longer period of time. Dendreon Corporation is the second leading player in Cancer vaccines market accounting for XX% market share in 2014. It is predicted that GSK will account for single digit share of the cancer vaccine market by 2020. Global Cancer Vaccines Market – Regional Analysis: The United States is the largest regional market for cancer vaccines. United States accounted for XX% share of the global cancer vaccines market in 2014. The Asian region is the second leading market for cancer vaccines. The European region cancer vaccines market share is anticipated to increase from XX% in 2014 to XX% by the year 2020. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/175243 iGATE Research report titled “Global – Cancer Vaccines Market and Pipeline Vaccines Analysis to 2020” is a 213 page report with 26 Figures and 25 Tables. This report analyses the Global Cancer Vaccines Market, Regional Cancer Vaccines Market, Major Deals and Funding in Cancer Vaccines Industry, Cancer Vaccines Pipeline Products Portfolio, Company Wise Cancer Vaccines Pipeline Products and the driving factors and challenges for the Cancer Vaccines Market. The Cancer Vaccines Market studied in the report covers the following 7 points: 1. Global – Prophylactic Cancer Vaccines Market to 2020 • Gardasil • Cervarix 2. Global – Therapeutic Cancer Vaccines Market to 2020 • Provenge 3. Cancer Vaccines Market – Regional Analysis to 2020 • United States – Cancer Vaccines Market • Europe – Cancer Vaccines Market • Asia – Cancer Vaccines Market 4. Global Cancer Vaccines Market – Major Deals 5. Global Cancer Vaccines – Funding 6. Global Cancer Vaccines Market – Pipeline Portfolio Analysis 7. Company Cancer Vaccines – Pipeline Analysis Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/175243 The 12 Cancer Vaccines Pipeline Portfolio covered in the report are as follows 1. Prostvac 2. Neuvax 3. Rindopepimut 4. MVax 5. DCVax-L 6. ProstAtak 7. Talimogene Laherparepvec 8. IMA901 9. Imprime PGG 10. OncoVAX 11. Lucanix 12. DCVAC/PCa The 34 Companies Pipeline Cancer Vaccines covered in the reports are as follows: 1. Aduro Biotech 2. Advantagene 3. Advaxis 4. Agenus 5. AlphaVax 6. Altor BioScience 7. Argos Therapeutics 8. AVAX Technologies 9. Bavarian Nordic 10. Biothera 11. Celldex Therapeutics 12. CureVac 13. Galena Biopharma 14. Genexine 15. GlobeImmune 16. Gradalis 17. Heat Biologics 18. Immatics 19. ImmunoCellular Therapeutics 20. Inovio Pharmaceuticals 21. ISA Pharmaceuticals 22. Juvaris Biotherapeutics 23. NewLink Genetics 24. Northwest Biotherapeutics 25. NovaRx 26. OncoThyreon 27. Oncovir 28. Oxford BioMedica 29. Prima BioMed 30. Sotio 31. Transgene 32. Ubivac 33. Vaccinogen 34. Vaxon Biotech About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Media Contact Company Name: Orbis Research Contact Person: Hector Costello Email: Send Email Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Address:4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600 City: Dallas State: Texas Country: United States Website: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-cancer-vaccines-market-and-pipeline-vaccines-analysis-to-2020 Source: www.abnewswire.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Industry, major, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious vRAN (Virtualized Radio Access Network) Ecosystem: Industry Opportunities, Challenges, Strategies And Forecast Segmentation, 2017-2030: Hexa Reports Next PostNext Media Advisory for Tuesday, February 14, 2017: “Snoopy & Belle in Fashion” Traveling Exhibit Debuts at Beverly Center Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Life Cycle Management Strategies Market – Optimizing revenues and defending generic competition Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Optimizing revenues and defending generic competition shall discuss stages of product lifecycle management, commercial and legal LCM strategies, developmental, benefits, objectives and factors that impact selection of lifecycle management strategies and analysis on their successful implementation. The life cycle management strategies market analysis report offers case studies on key strategies like reformulation, indication expansion, fixed-dose combinations, pricing strategies, etc. The report has covered information on the following companies: MannKind, Gleevec AbbVie, Actavis, Salix Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca, Cipla, Sanofi-Aventis, Gilead, Novartis,GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Merck, Otsuka, Orexo, Pfizer, Vifor Pharma, Roche, Solvay and Teva. Browse more detail information about Life Cycle Management Strategies Market: https://www.absolutereports.com/life-cycle-management-strategies-optimizing-revenues-and-defending-generic-competition-10075325 Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Scope: Introduction to life cycle management and product life cycle Objectives of life cycle management and factors impacting strategies Life cycle management strategies depending and different approaches Impact of life cycle management strategies on selected products’ sales and growth trend Extension of patent term and exclusivity in the US and Europe market Life cycle management strategies of different pipeline drugs of major industry players Successful implementation of life cycle management strategies   Get a PDF Sample of Life Cycle Management Strategies Market: https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10075325   Reasons to Purchase: Life cycle management strategies implemented by drug companies Strategies for increasing life cycle of drugs and revenues Case studies to gain knowledge on implementation of various strategies on single product Strategies for operational pipeline of major industry players   Have any query? ask our expert @http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10075325   Detailed TOC of Life Cycle Management Strategies Market – Assessing the Need for a Targeted and Specialized Approach Reformulation New Dosage Forms New Route of Administration Special Cases New Dosage Strengths and Regimen Fixed-Dose Combination and Co-packaging Next Generation Products and Modified Chemistry Metabolites Chiral Switching Polymorphs Multiple Developmental Strategy Approach Commercial Strategies Get Discount on Life Cycle Management Strategies Market: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10075325 About Absolute Report: Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in-depth market research. We are one of the top report resellers in the market dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters. Contact: Mr. AmeyaPingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email: sales@absolutereports.com www.absolutereports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Google News, Industry, Legal, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Analysis, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Growth, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Overview, Life Cycle Management Strategies Market Trend, Machinery, major, Markets, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Opioids Market Overview to 2021 – An Assessment of Pain Management and Dependence Next PostNext Potting Soil Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2020 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Global Diabetes Drugs and Devices Market Analysis: Oral, Injectable, Non-Injectable Drugs, Diagnostics and Forecast to 2020, New Findings by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Diabetes Drugs and Devices Market by Drug Type (Oral, Injectable, Non-Injectable Drugs) and Diagnostic Devices Type 2016-2020 Maryland Heights, MO, February 14, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The global diabetes drugs and devices market is estimated to exceed USD 85 Billion in 2020, expanding at a CAGR of 4.4% from 2016 to 2020, due to rising diabetic population and associated diseases worldwide. Browse Diabetes Drugs and Devices Market by The Drug Type (Insulin Derivatives – Short-Acting, Intermediate-Acting, Long-Acting, Premixed, and Rapid-Acting Insulin; Oral Anti-Diabetes Drugs – Alpha-Glucosidase Inhibitors, Biguanides, DPP-4 Inhibitors, Meglitinides, SGLT-2 Inhibitors, Sulphonylureas, Thiazolidinediones; and Non-Insulin Injectable Anti-Diabetes Drugs – GLP-1 Analogs), Device Type (Diabetes Monitoring and Diagnostic Devices – Analog Glucose Meter, Continuous Glucose Monitoring Devices, Glucose Test Strips, Lancets and Lancing Devices; Insulin Delivery Devices – Insulin Injectors, Pens, Pumps, Syringes) 2016-2020 at https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/diabetes-drugs-devices-market/ The elevated sugar level leads to various symptoms such as increased thirst, weight loss, high appetite, frequent and sweet smelled urination. If untreated, diabetes causes various acute and chronic life-threatening complications. The type of diabetes determines either blood sugar monitoring, insulin or oral medications as a treatment. Treatment for type 1 diabetes involves insulin injections or the use of an insulin pump, frequent blood sugar checks, and carbohydrate counting. Treatment of type 2 diabetes primarily involves monitoring of your blood sugar, along with diabetes medications, insulin or both. The global diabetes drugs and devices market report estimates the market size (Revenue USD million - 2013 to 2020) for key market segments based on the drug type (insulin derivatives - short-acting, intermediate-acting, long-acting, premixed, and rapid-acting insulin; oral anti-diabetes drugs - alpha-glucosidase inhibitors, biguanides, DPP-4 inhibitors, meglitinides, SGLT-2 inhibitors, sulphonylureas, thiazolidinediones; and non-insulin injectable anti-diabetes drugs - GLP-1 analogs), device type (diabetes monitoring and diagnostic devices - analog glucose meter, continuous glucose monitoring devices, glucose test strips, lancets and lancing devices; insulin delivery devices - insulin injectors, pens, pumps, syringes, etc.), and forecasts growth trends (CAGR% - 2016 to 2020). The global diabetes drugs and devices market research report is further segmented by geography into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. The global diabetes drugs and devices market report also provides the detailed market landscape, market drivers, restraints, opportunities), market attractiveness analysis and profiles of major competitors in the global market including company overview, financial snapshot, key products, technologies and services offered, and recent developments. Major players operating in the global diabetes drugs and devices market and included in this report are Abbott Laboratories, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, B Braun Melsungen AG, Bayer HealthCare AG, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, DexCom, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, F. Hoffmann La-Roche Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson, Lupin Limited, Medtronic, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis International AG, Novo Nordisk A/S, Sanofi, and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. To request Table of Contents and Sample Pages of this report visit: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/diabetes-drugs-devices-market/ About Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global healthcare market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. In addition to multi-client studies, we offer creative consulting services and conduct proprietary single-client assignments targeted at client’s specific business objectives, information needs, time frame and budget. Please contact us to receive a proposal for a proprietary single-client study. Contact Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive, Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareanalyst.com Website: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com Contact Information iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Ana Aitawa (314) 500-7508 Contact https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business Insider Transactions Updated: February 13, 2017 — 3:01 AM EST Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Reality star says she’s dating Embiid, who calls it ‘fake news’ Feb 15 - 12:26 PM Kellyanne Conway's credibility taking more hits Feb 15 - 11:49 AM Securities trades recently reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission by officers, directors, and principal shareholders of corporations based or having sizable employment in the area. Titles are as reported to the SEC. Amerigas Partners LP Jerry E. Sheridan, chief executive officer, sold 10,590 shares at $48.67 on Feb. 6, and now directly holds 51,327 shares. AmerisourceBergen Corp. Steven H. Collis, chief executive officer, sold 15,000 shares at $87.15 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 238,876 shares. Beneficial Bancorp Inc. Gerard P. Cuddy, chief executive officer, sold 162,983 shares at $16.08 to $16.42 Feb. 6 to Feb. 7, and now directly holds 678,315 shares. Martin F. Gallagher Jr., officer, sold 93,014 shares at $16.40 to $16.43 Feb. 6 to Feb. 7, and now directly holds 219,292 shares. Joanne R. Ryder, officer, sold 8,394 shares at $16.67 on Feb. 6, and now directly holds 239,049 shares. Brandywine Realty Trust H. Richard Haverstick, director, bought 7,500 shares at $15.98 on Feb. 8, and now directly holds 7,500 shares. Carpenter Technology Corp. Kathryn C. Turner, director, sold 8,000 shares at $42.60 on Feb. 7, and now directly holds 5,328 shares. Coherus Biosciences Inc. Alan C. Herman Ph.D., officer, sold 11,333 shares at $27.37 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 413,282 shares. Johnson & Johnson Michael H. Ullmann, general counsel, sold 21,735 shares at $112.88 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 98,964 shares. Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc. Brian R. Bachman, director, sold 5,000 shares at $20.00 on Feb. 7, and now directly holds 13,909 shares. L3 Technologies Inc. Michael T. Strianese, chief executive officer, sold 22,547 shares at $156.95 to $158.84 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 111,849 shares. Lincoln National Corp. Dennis R. Glass, chief executive officer, sold 159,847 shares at $69.50 on Feb. 7 to Feb. 9, and now directly holds 784,899 shares. Marlin Business Services Corp. James Sherlock, officer, sold 500 shares at $22.25 on Jan. 31, and now directly holds 9,499 shares. Merck & Co Inc. Thomas R. Cech, director, sold 5,000 shares at $63.42 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 100 shares. Michael J. Holston, general counsel, sold 91,959 shares at $63.69 to $64.00 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 50,280 shares. Patricia F. Russo, director, sold 5,000 shares at $64.42 on Feb. 8, and now directly holds 13,148 shares. Adam H. Schechter, officer, sold 36,335 shares at $63.73 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 130,216 shares. Wendell P. Weeks, director, sold 5,000 shares at $64.51 on Feb. 6, and now directly holds 100 shares. Peter C. Wendell, director, sold 15,000 shares at $63.69 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 1,000 shares. Orasure Technologies Inc. Michael Celano, director, sold 15,000 shares at $8.78 on Jan. 31, and now directly holds 93,079 shares. Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. Ralph Izzo, chief executive officer, sold 24,108 shares at $43.79 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 706,487 shares. SEI Investments Co. Alfred P. West Jr., beneficial owner, sold 115,000 shares at $48.93 to $49.01 Feb. 3 to Feb. 7, and now directly holds 11,232,282 shares. TE Connectivity Ltd. Mario Calastri, officer and treasurer, sold 17,600 shares at $74.65 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 29,078 shares. Thomas J. Lynch, chief executive officer, sold 123,633 shares at $74.14 to $74.81 on Feb. 1, and now directly holds 338,787 shares. Eric J. Resch, officer, sold 35,550 shares at $74.76 on Feb. 3, and now directly holds 28,988 shares. UGI Corp. Jerry E. Sheridan, officer, sold 28,500 shares at $47.05 on Feb. 6, and now directly holds 2,032 shares. John L. Walsh, chief executive officer, sold 87,500 shares at $46.64 to $46.75 Feb. 6 to Feb. 7, and now directly holds 427,617 shares. Vishay Precision Group Inc. Nokomis Capital L.L.C., beneficial owner, bought 12,340 shares at $16.38 to $16.43 Feb. 6 to Feb. 7, and now indirectly holds 1,936,260 shares. More Coverage Insider Transactions Feb 6 - 1:07 AM Insider Transactions Jan 30 - 1:08 AM Published: February 13, 2017 — 3:01 AM EST The Philadelphia Inquirer We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Transportation › Turnpike bridge repair draws national talent Transportation › Better bus service likely for Roosevelt Blvd. Technology › Comcast, Facebook, and Apple Music are making mobile video moves High-wire act: NJ power line among $1.5B in transmission upgrades PJM Interconnection, the regional power grid operator, on Wednesday authorized more than $1.5 billion in electric transmission projects in... Sleep with the fishes: Condos coming to former Snockey's seafood site Comcast promotes former SEC official to top accounting officer German grocer Lidl, with designs on Philly area, to open first U.S. stores this summer Aramark wins contract for Pa. prisons Pennsylvania awarded Aramark Correctional Industries LLC a three-year food-procurement and management contract for 26 state correctional facilities... Philly airport hotel in foreclosure on unpaid $34M loan balance ThirdEye, a start-up by Penn students to help the visually impaired, is sold Philly wants to buy 136 acres in Tinicum to expand PHL Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why I Just Bought More Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. Gilead Sciences' discouraging forward outlook has plenty of investors running for the exits. Here’s why I took another step in the opposite direction. Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Feb 14, 2017 at 8:22AM Like most of you, I don't like to lose money. So you might be wondering why I was so quick to scoop up more shares of Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD) stock after its latest earnings report. After all, management shared a forecast for 2017 hepatitis C antiviral sales 39% lower than 2016 figures, and that's at the high end of the provided range. Before you assume I've completely lost my marbles, consider a few important points: The stock is cheap, the company is highly profitable, and it looks positioned to remain so for the long term. Read on for a closer look at the reasons this biotech stock is a terrific bargain with market-beating potential written all over it. Image source: Gilead Sciences. How cheap? Before we look forward, let's try to get a sense of just how cheap Gilead Sciences stock is right now. At recent prices, its shares can be purchased for just 5.8 times 2016 earnings. For comparison, the average stock in the benchmark S&P 500 index is currently trading at 24.2 times trailing earnings. A big reason the stock is trading at such a low P/E ratio has to do with fear of losses going forward. Indeed, management guided 2017 total product sales to fall from $29.95 billion last year to between $22.5 billion and $24.5 billion this year. Despite the expected losses, the stock is trading at just 8.2 times this year's earnings estimates. Generally, single-digit P/E ratios during years-long bull markets suggest heavy losses ahead. You might be surprised to learn the average Wall Street analyst covering Gilead Sciences expects earnings to contract at an annual rate of just 6.5% over the next five years. A shrinking bottom line over the long term is hardly something to get excited about, but 6.5% per year isn't really that bad, considering the stock's recent price. If Gilead's bottom line fell at that rate, in 2021 the company would report GAAP earnings of about $7.11 per share, making its forward PE still just under 10. Soft landing ahead If you're concerned contracting sales of Gilead's hepatitis C virus (HCV) treatments are going to get much worse, you might find these figures reassuring: U.S. HCV treatment initiations. Image source: Gilead Sciences. The introduction of new drug classes is generally associated with a spike in new patients. In a sense, Gilead Sciences is a victim of its own success. The company rushed Sovaldi and Harvoni through the regulatory process at breakneck speed to get its treatment out ahead of the competition. It benefited from HCV patient warehousing ahead of its approval and immense pricing power while it was the only highly effective new treatment option available. With the introduction of Viekira Pak from AbbVie and Zepatier from Merck & Co., its pricing power subsided. Also, a higher percentage of patients in earlier stages of the disease have been beginning treatment. Since these patients are often treatable with shorter regimens, per patient costs have fallen as well. Market entrants might have given end payers some leverage to negotiate lower prices, but they didn't dig very far into Gilead's share of the U.S. HCV space. An estimated 205,000 of 231,000 HCV treatment initiations last year included Sovaldi's active ingredient. HCV treatment initiations including Sovaldi (in thousands). Image source: Gilead Sciences. In 2014, there were an estimated 180.6 million people worldwide living with HCV infections. Treatment initiations might taper off a bit further, but this isn't a virus in close to complete eradication in my lifetime. Bright spots Although its incredibly successful HCV treatments get most of the attention, Gilead also has a large share of the hepatitis B and HIV spaces. Last November, the company earned FDA approval for its next-generation hepatitis B virus treatment, Vemlidy. Hepatitis B threatens the lives of about 2.2 million Americans, and Velmidy's improved safety profile over that of Viread (an older Gilead drug) should help it become a popular treatment option for this population. In HIV, Gilead's recently approved single pill treatment option, Odefsey, is quickly gaining popularity due to a lower dosage requirement, which makes it far easier to tolerate than previous offerings. Since earning FDA approval last March, sales of the drug have steadily marched upwards to $155 million in the fourth quarter, a 48% gain over the previous three month period. In the same vein, sales of its more recently launched HIV treatment, Descovy, jumped 69% over the previous quarter to $149 million during the last three months of 2016. Image source: Getty Images. Further ahead, Gilead has arguably the most vibrant program to develop the first treatment for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), a potentially fatal condition that leads to hardening of the liver and affects about 12 million Americans. Towards the end of the year, you can expect some data from a couple mid-stage clinical trials with two separate NASH candidates. Next year, the company expects late-stage data from a third NASH candidate, which generated some encouraging data in a smaller study. Management has suggested effective treatment of NASH will require a multi-pronged approach. If its candidates fit the bill, Gilead could launch another multi-billion blockbuster combination in the years ahead. At the bargain bin price I just paid for my shares, I'll probably come out ahead in the long run even if the company can't catch lightning in a bottle for the third time. Cory Renauer owns shares of Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Healthcare Sector. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @coryrenauer Article Info Feb 14, 2017 at 8:22AM Health Care Stocks Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $69.80 up $2.25 (3.33%) Read More Forget Incyte: Gilead Sciences Would Be Better Off Buying This Company Is Gilead Sciences Getting Ready for a Massive Acquisition? Better Buy: Illumina or Gilead Sciences? 3 Crucial Questions Gilead Sciences Should Answer Tuesday Better Buy: Biogen Inc. vs. Gilead Sciences Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why I Just Bought More Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $GILD
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CMS Projects U.S. Health Spending to Reach 19.9% of GDP by 2025 cme/ce Large Study IDs Fetal Risks from Gestational Diabetes U.S. Cancer Deaths Down Overall, Up in Some Regions: Clin Onc News Report Senators Ponder Mental Health Funding cme/ce Baricitinib Scores High in Phase III LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Cardiology Praluent Maker Digs in for Long Battle Sanofi confident that its PCSK9 drug will stay on the market MedpageToday savesaved by Lynne Peterson Contributing Writer, MedPage Today February 11, 2017 In a very unusual step, a Sanofi lawyer and other officials held a teleconference with reporters Friday to discuss the litigation going on with Amgen over Praluent (alirocumab), a PCSK9 inhibitor that it is marketing with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals. Amgen previously won an injunction that would have forced Praluent off the market leaving Amgen's Repatha (evolocumab) the only approved PCSK9 inhibitor on the market. Then, recently an appeals court panel stayed the injunction, giving Sanofi time to appeal the lower court ruling. This may be the first teleconference by pharmaceutical company attorneys with reporters over patent litigation, so it was very unusual. John Conway, vice president, global head of Sanofi's Intellectual Property Department, said, unsurprisingly, that Sanofi is "very pleased with the stay of the injunction ... It was the right decision. And, of course, it really means that we are able to keep our very important drug Praluent on the market because in all of this we were very concerned about the injunction taking away access ... to patients who need it ... The court decision really shows that they took a deliberate measure of our position ... It is our long-standing position that the Amgen patents are invalid." Chan Lee, North American general counsel for Sanofi, cited three specific areas relating to the case: The "unprecedented nature of the district court ruling." Lee said, "From my perspective, this [Praluent] is the first innovator biopharmaceutical product that would have been withdrawn solely for patent reasons ... I've seen references to human growth hormone and pegylated EPO products as products blocked for patent reasons in the past, but they are not good analogies for this case. In my view, those were follow-on biologics before the biosimilar pathway was established. Unlike HGH and EPO, alirocumab is a completely different molecule than evolocumab and has established safety and efficacy through its own rigorous trials." Why Sanofi "firmly believes" the Amgen patent is not valid. Lee said, "Certainly, from a pure patent perspective, we believe that the patent in question lacks written description and lacks enablement. From a policy perspective, we believe this patent is overly broad and would stifle innovation." Lee cited the example of statins -- the pioneer in that field, Merck, never asserted broad rights over the entire class. As a result, a variety of other statins were introduced to patients' ultimate benefit. Differences in the two PCSK9 inhibitors and the "continuing emerging science." Lee said, "The two molecules [alirocumab and evolocumab] are entirely different. They have different product profiles, different dosing regimens. The two molecules have different approaches on LDL management: Praluent's approach is to manage LDL to goal; Repatha, at a high level, its approach is to manage LDL to a maximum lowering effect." Another Sanofi executive laid out the paths that the still-active litigation could take, which could include taking the dispute to the Supreme Court and/or retrial at the district court level. Asked if Sanofi is negotiating a settlement with Amgen, Conway said no. 2017-02-11T16:00:00-0500 0 comments More in Cardiology New Calculator IDs Minimal-Risk Stable Angina Patients Systolic BP Predicts Later CVD in Blacks CVD Burden in U.S. Expanding Faster Than Expected ICD Shocks Set Off Cascade of Healthcare Usage About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Pittsburgh City Paper   Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Things to Read Things to Do Watch+Listen Fun+Free Best of PGH Browse Things to Read Blogs News & Features Special Issues & Guides CP Longform Music Visual Arts Books Theater & Dance Food & Drink Movie Reviews Sports Views Issue Archives Browse Things to Do Short List Music Listings Critics' Picks Event Listings Dining Guide City Guide CP Happs App Submit an Event Listing Browse Watch+Listen Lynn Cullen Live City Paper Podcast Sound Bite Five Minutes in Food History FFW>> CP TV Slideshows Audio Archives FAQ412 Browse Fun+Free Win Free Stuff Job Search Daily Rundown Sign Up Burgh Bargains Browse Best of PGH Food & Drink Culture & Night Life Goods & Services People & Places Archives | RSS Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Friday, June 24, 2016 Health Health professionals tell Allegheny County to make HPV vaccine mandatory Posted By Ashley Murray on Fri, Jun 24, 2016 at 3:06 PM This week, the Allegheny County Department of Health, along with Allegheny County Council members, heard testimony in support of and against — but mostly in support — making the HPV vaccine mandatory for children, both boys and girls, ages 11 and 12. Human papillomavirus, or HPV, is the most common sexually transmitted disease, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which along with the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends the three-dose (over a period of six months) vaccine at that age, meaning before kids generally become sexually active. More than 25 speakers — including doctors, researchers, executives from health-care foundations, high school students, cancer survivors and even a dentist — addressed Dr. Karen Hacker, head of the Allegheny County Health Department, and council members. Dr. Liz Miller, director of community health at Children's Hospital at Pittsburgh and a professor of pediatrics at the University of Pittsburgh's School of Medicine, called the vaccine mandate "critically important" for "bridging the gap" in parts of Allegheny County where parents might not be educated on HPV, or where access to primary care is less likely. "The HPV vaccine is frankly a no-brainer," she said. According to the CDC, in most cases HPV will go away on its own. But when it doesn't, it can cause genital warts and cancers, including cervical cancer, cancer of the vulva, vagina, penis or anus. Cancer caused by HPV can also manifest itself in the throat, tongue and tonsils. Currently the vaccine is mandatory for school entry in Rhode Island, Virginia and Washington, D.C. "We have spoken with all three states to better understand their perspectives and experience," Hacker wrote in an email to City Paper. She says the vaccine is covered by most health-insurance plans and is included in the Affordable Care Act's preventive measures. John Rhodes, a 50-year-old assistant basketball coach for the Duquesne University Dukes, testified as a throat- and neck-cancer survivor. He called himself a "6-foot-9 walking billboard" for the HPV vaccine. He has been in remission for seven months after being treated for stage-four cancer that settled in his lymph nodes and was caused by HPV.  "My kids are vaccinated," he said. "As a coach and a competitive person, I challenge you [to mandate the vaccine]." Several doctors shared concern for the pain and complications their patients feel once they are diagnosed with a cancer caused by HPV. Dr. Umamaheswar Duvvuri, a head- and neck-cancer surgeon at UPMC and the local VA hospital, told the crowd about his 55-year-old male patient from Dubois, Pa., who found a lump on his neck. "I spent the day removing a large portion of this man's tongue," he said. "That could've been prevented." After the meeting, he explained that he and colleagues will be operating on six patients and treating four others for "oropharyngeal" cancers — head and neck cancers — and that those types of cancers are predicted to rise by 2020. Sixteen-year-old Sydney Reyes, of Riverview Junior-Senior High School, addressed another common argument against the vaccine — that it will encourage sexual promiscuity in teenagers. "This assumption can be resolved by having a proper discussion with your teen, not by blocking a vaccination," Reyes said. "Why should we risk a life like this when we really don't have to?" A few speakers against the vaccine mandate expressed their concerns to the councilors. A parent named Amy Rafferty read a letter from a friend whose daughter allegedly suffered severe hypertonia — muscles spasms — to the point where she couldn't walk anymore after receiving Gardasil, the HPV vaccine from Merck. James Lyons-Weiler, who formerly worked at the Hillman Cancer Center and who started his own research group entitled the "Institute for Pure and Applied Knowledge," told the crowd he was concerned that the current vaccine would allow for stronger virus strains to attack humans in the future. Yesterday, Lyons-Weiler posted a 3,000-word essay on his blog denouncing the medical professionals who asked Allegheny County to mandate the vaccine. He also mentioned that he met Rafferty because she organized the local screening of VAXXED — an anti-vaccine documentary that was kicked off the Tribeca Film Festival schedule, and which City Paper's film critic Al Hoff said came "across as an infomercial by way of a conspiracy theory for a discredited argument." Speakers who followed opponents of the vaccine mandate contradicted their arguments. Hacker says the comments gathered at the hearing will be presented to the board of health in July. "They wanted us to consider what the public felt [about an HPV-vaccine mandate]," Hacker said by phone today.  If the board decides to recommend a mandate, a public-comment period would follow. Editor's note: This post has been udpated to include comments from Dr. Karen Hacker. Tags: HPV, vaccines, Allegheny County, health, news, Image « Advocates ask Port Authority of All…  |  National revitalization conference… » Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Speaking of... Wylie Holdings has cashed in on Lawrenceville’s revitalization, but is it being a good neighbor? Feb 15, 2017 Pittsburgh Tattoo shop celebrates civil-rights activists Feb 15, 2017 Pittsburgh offers several resources for sex workers, but the industry’s stigma keeps many from accessing them Feb 8, 2017 More » More Blogh » Latest in Blogh Why a small item in Gov. Wolf’s budget proposal is a big deal for Pennsylvania public transit Feb 15, 2017 What's a sneckdown and what does it teach us about Pittsburgh road design? Feb 9, 2017 Pittsburgh veterans encourage bettering relationships with immigrants Feb 8, 2017 More »   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (15) Showing 1-15 of 15 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-15 of 15 Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread CityPaper Social Media Facebook Pittsburgh CityPaper Twitter PGHCityPaper Instagram Snapchat YouTube RSS Pittsburgh Citypaper Newsletter Subscriptions Listings Events Music Dining Bars -All Dates- Wednesday, February 15 Thursday, February 16 Friday, February 17 Saturday, February 18 Sunday, February 19 Monday, February 20 Tuesday, February 21 Wednesday, February 22 Thursday, February 23 Friday, February 24 Saturday, February 25 Sunday, February 26 Monday, February 27 Tuesday, February 28 Wednesday, March 1 Thursday, March 2 Friday, March 3 Saturday, March 4 Sunday, March 5 Monday, March 6 Tuesday, March 7 Wednesday, March 8 Thursday, March 9 Friday, March 10 Saturday, March 11 Sunday, March 12 Monday, March 13 Tuesday, March 14 Wednesday, March 15 Thursday, March 16 Friday, March 17 -All Categories- ARTS & COMMUNITY   Auditions   Comedy   Dance   Exhibits   Festivals   Fundraisers   Holiday   Kidstuff   Literary   Other Stuff   Outside   Politics   Special   Submissions   Theater   Visual Art   Volunteers -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Dates- Wednesday, February 15 Thursday, February 16 Friday, February 17 Saturday, February 18 Sunday, February 19 Monday, February 20 Tuesday, February 21 Wednesday, February 22 Thursday, February 23 Friday, February 24 Saturday, February 25 Sunday, February 26 Monday, February 27 Tuesday, February 28 Wednesday, March 1 Thursday, March 2 Friday, March 3 Saturday, March 4 Sunday, March 5 Monday, March 6 Tuesday, March 7 Wednesday, March 8 Thursday, March 9 Friday, March 10 Saturday, March 11 Sunday, March 12 Monday, March 13 Tuesday, March 14 Wednesday, March 15 Thursday, March 16 Friday, March 17 -All Categories- Acoustic Blues Classical Country DJs Easy Listening/Oldies Hip Hop/R&B Holiday Music Jazz Open Stage Other Music Reggae Rock/Pop World -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Categories- RESTAURANTS   American   Asian   Bakery   Barbecue   Breakfast   Brew Pub   Cafe/Coffeehouse   Cambodian   Caribbean   Celtic/Irish   Chinese   Continental   Deli/Sandwich Shop   Delivery   Ethiopian   French   German   Greek/Middle Eastern   Ice Cream and Dessert   Indian   Italian   Japanese   Korean   Latin American   Mexican   Pizza   Polish   Pub Grub   Quick Bites   Seafood   Southern Cuisine   Spanish   Steakhouse   Thai   Vegan/Vegetarian   Vietnamese CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT   Art gallery   Bar/club   Bookstore   Coffeehouse   Comedy club   Dance club   Exhibition space   Lecture/performance hall   Live theater   Movie theater   Museum   Music venue   Strip club   Wineries, Distilleries, and Breweries COMMUNITY & PUBLIC PLACES   College/university   Hotel   Kids' activities   Library   Park/outdoors -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople DAILY RUNDOWN Sign up for Daily Rundown and get the freshest content sent right to your inbox. Subscribe CP TV Two world class sumo wrestlers face off for charity at Stage AE More CP TV » Digital Issues This Week... Special Issues 2016 City Guide 2016 Dining Guide 2016 Holiday Guide Magazine Locations Read Past Issues Advertise | Archives | Contact Us | Join our Street Team | Freelance/Intern | Comments/Privacy Policy | Subscriptions | RSS Feed © 2017 Pittsburgh City Paper Website powered by Foundation National Advertising by VMG Advertising
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Recent Study: Metastatic Breast Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 Recent Study: Metastatic Breast Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 Posted on February 14, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Fast Market Research announces the availability of the new Global Markets Direct report, “Metastatic Breast Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016”, on their comprehensive research portal Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 02/14/2017 — Global Markets Direct's latest Pharmaceutical and Healthcare disease pipeline guide Metastatic Breast Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016, provides an overview of the Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology) pipeline landscape. Metastatic breast cancer (also called Stage IV or Advanced) is a stage of breast cancer in which cancer cells break away from the tumor in the breast, spread to other parts of the body and keep growing. Symptoms of metastatic breast cancer includes severe, progressive pain, and, less commonly, pathological fracture, erythema over the affected bone, swelling, jaundice, elevated liver enzymes, abdominal pain, loss of appetite, nausea, and vomiting. Other symptoms include fatigue, malaise and weight loss. Treatment includes hormone therapy, chemotherapy, radiation therapy and surgery. Report Highlights Global Markets Direct's Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Metastatic Breast Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Metastatic Breast Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 The Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Metastatic Breast Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 8, 33, 81, 52, 2, 52, 7 and 3 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 4, 7, 7 and 1 molecules, respectively.Metastatic Breast Cancer. Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct's proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Note: Certain content / sections in the pipeline guide may be removed or altered based on the availability and relevance of data. Report Scope -The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology). -The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. -The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. -The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. -The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. -The pipeline guide evaluates Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. -The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. -The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology) Reasons to Get this Report -Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. -Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. -Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Metastatic Breast Cancer (Oncology). -Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. -Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. -Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it's most promising pipeline therapeutics. Companies Mentioned in this Report: 3SBio Inc, AB Science SA, AbbVie Inc, Acceleron Pharma Inc, Acetylon Pharmaceuticals Inc, Adgero Biopharmaceuticals Inc, Advaxis Inc, Advenchen Laboratories LLC, Alteogen Inc, Amarna Therapeutics BV, Ambrx Inc, Amgen Inc, Aphios Corp, Arvinas Inc, Aslan Pharmaceuticals Pte Ltd, Astellas Pharma Inc, Astex Pharmaceuticals Inc, AstraZeneca Plc, Bayer AG, Beta Pharma Inc, Biocon Ltd, Bionovis SA, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Cantex Pharmaceuticals Inc, Cascadian Therapeutics Inc, CASI Pharmaceuticals Inc, Celgene Corp, Celldex Therapeutics Inc, Cellectar Biosciences Inc, Celltrion Inc, Clovis Oncology Inc, Corcept Therapeutics Inc, CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited, Curadis GmbH, Curaxys SL, Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd, Deciphera Pharmaceuticals LLC, DexTech Medical AB, Dompe Farmaceutici SpA, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd, EirGenix Inc, Eisai Co Ltd, Eli Lilly and Company, Ensol Biosciences Inc, EOS Biosciences Inc, Epigen Biosciences Inc, Etubics Corp, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, FibroGen Inc, Gene Techno Science Co Ltd, Genelux Corp, Genentech Inc, Genor BioPharma Co Ltd, Gilead Sciences Inc, Glycotope GmbH, GP Pharm SA, GTx Inc, Halozyme Therapeutics Inc, Hanmi Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd, Hetero Drugs Ltd, Humorigin Biotechnology Corp, Immune Design Corp, Immunomedics Inc, Immunophotonics Inc, Immupharma Plc, Incyte Corp, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc, Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co Ltd, Johnson & Johnson, Kadmon Corp LLC, Kancera AB, Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc, Laboratoires Pierre Fabre SA, Mabion SA, MacroGenics Inc, MandalMed Inc, Meabco A/S, MedImmune LLC, Medivation Inc, Merck & Co Inc, Merck KGaA, Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc, Merus NV, MetaStat Inc, Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc, Morphotek Inc, Mycenax Biotech Inc, NantKwest Inc, Natco Pharma Ltd, Nektar Therapeutics, Neonc Technologies Inc, NewLink Genetics Corp, Nippon Kayaku Co Ltd, Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc, Novartis AG, Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB, OBI Pharma Inc, Oncobiologics Inc, Oncolytics Biotech Inc, OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc, Ono Pharmaceutical Co Ltd, Panacea Pharmaceuticals Inc, Paras Biopharmaceuticals Finland Oy, Pfizer Inc, Pharma Mar SA, PIQUR Therapeutics AG, Plexxikon Inc, Polaris Pharmaceuticals Inc, Polyphor Ltd, Prescient Therapeutics Ltd, Prima BioMed Ltd, Puma Biotechnology Inc, Radius Health Inc, Richter Gedeon Nyrt, Samyang Holdings Corp, Sanofi, Seattle Genetics Inc, Shanghai Henlius Biotech Co Ltd, Sorrento Therapeutics Inc, Starpharma Holdings Ltd, Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd, SynCore Biotechnology Co Ltd, Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc, Synthon Holdings BV, Taiho Pharmaceutical Co Ltd, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd, Tocagen Inc, Transgene Biotek Ltd, Tyme Technologies Inc, Vaxil Bio Therapeutics Ltd, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc, VioQuest Pharmaceuticals Inc, Vyriad Inc, Wilex AG, WntResearch AB, ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc, Zymeworks Inc About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world's top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Drug Pipeline research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –Metastatic Breast Cancer – Pipeline Review, H1 2016 –Metastatic Colorectal Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 –Metastatic Hormone Refractory Prostate Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 –Breast Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 –Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/recent-study-metastatic-breast-cancer-pipeline-review-767300.htm Media Relations Contact Bill Thompson Director of Marketing Fast Market Research, Inc. Telephone: 800-844-8156 Email: Click to Email Bill Thompson Web: http://www.fastmr.com Latest News Trident University Welcomes New Health Sciences Doctoral Studies Director Westchester’s Leading Hard Surface Restoration Company Sir Grout Receives The 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award Optronics Launches Bold New Merchandising Program at HDAW Sir Grout’s Franchises are Recognized Once Again by the 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award for Their Unparalleled Work Sir Grout of Atlanta Celebrates Third Successive Year Winning the Angie’s List Super Service Award Ximen Mining Corp. Plans for 2017 Vendavo Launches Customer Operations Team Colorado Architects Arch11 Design Luxury Sustainable Mountain Getaway that Syncs with Nature Pacifica Paso Robles Commercial Real Estate Releases 2016 Market Report Lamination Depot Triples Warehouse Capacity with Move to New Location © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Autoimmune Disease Therapeutics Global Market Trend, Research Approach, Data Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Autoimmune Disease Therapeutics Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological ad   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 14, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Autoimmune Disease Therapeutics Market is accounted for $51.2 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $82.13 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.9% during the forecast period. Rising healthcare expenditure in the region is one of the key factors fueling the market growth. On the other hand, insufficient funding in emerging countries and high cost involved in the treatment of the disease are hindering the market. Biologics drug acts as initial line of treatment due to therapeutic capabilities in controlling and treatment of different autoimmune complications. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/autoimmune-disease-therapeutics-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 North America is the largest market for autoimmune disease therapeutics due to increasing incidence of different forms of autoimmune disorders, and government initiatives in the region. Europe is expected to be the second largest market due to rising healthcare infrastructure and penetration of new technologies. Some of the key players in the market include Johnson & Johnson Inc, Bayer Schering Pharma AG, Elan Corporation Plc, Abbott Laboratories, Genentech Inc, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd., Merck & Co. Inc, Amgen Inc, Eli Lilly and Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Biogen Idec Inc, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Industries Limited, UCB S.A., Sanofi-Aventis SA, Novartis AG and Shire Plc. Distribution Channel: - Drug Stores - Hospitals - Independent Pharmacies - Clinics Drug Class Covered: - Anti-Inflammatory Drugs - Biologics - Immunosuppressant's - Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs - Corticosteroids Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216363/sample Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 9.1 Johnson & Johnson Inc 9.2 Bayer Schering Pharma AG 9.3 Elan Corporation Plc 9.4 Abbott Laboratories 9.5 Genentech Inc 9.6 GlaxoSmithKline Plc 9.7 Bristol-Myers Squibb 9.8 Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. 9.9 Merck & Co. Inc 9.10 Amgen Inc 9.11 Eli Lilly and Company 9.12 F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG 9.13 Biogen Idec Inc 9.14 Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Limited 9.15 UCB S.A. 9.16 Sanofi-Aventis SA 9.17 Novartis AG 9.18 Shire Plc Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216363/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Global Veterinary Vaccines Market By Product, Geography, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Veterinary Vaccines Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 14, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Veterinary Vaccines market is accounted for $5.4 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.1 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.7% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing foodborne and zoonotic diseases, global consumption of meat and milk products, increasing animal bites, increasing husbandry practices and improved veterinary vaccines delivery systems will propel market growth. Intense competition from cheaper generic substitutes, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet and strict regulations for product approval will hinder market growth. The DNA vaccine amongst product segment is anticipated to show high growth rate during forecast period, due to innovations in vaccination technology. Foot & mouth disease accounted for the highest market share in disease type. A veterinary clinic in distribution channel segment is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period. Europe is the leading market for Veterinary Vaccines followed by North America. Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at fastest rate. For more information at http://www.reportsweb.com/veterinary-vaccines-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 . Some of the key players in global Veterinary Vaccines market are Bayer Healthcare, Biogenesis Bago, Boehringer Ingelheim ,Ceva Animal Health, Diamond Animal Healthcare (Heska), Elanco Animal Health (Eli Lilly), Heska Corporation, Indian Immunological Ltd., Merck Animal Health, Merial Inc. (Sanofi), Vetoquinol, Virbac Ltd. and Zoetis. Products Covered: - Attenuated Live Vaccines - Conjugate Vaccines - DNA Vaccines - Inactivated Vaccines - Recombinant Vaccines - Subunit Vaccines - Toxoid Vaccines Disease Types Covered: - Companion Animal Diseases o Feline Disease o Canine Vaccines - Poultry Diseases o Avian Influenza o Coccidiosis o Gumboro Disease o Infectious Bronchitis o Marek's Disease o Mycoplasma o Newcastle Disease o Other Poultry Diseases - Porcine Diseases o Auzeszky's Disease o Porcine Circovirus II o Porcine Parvovirus o Porcine Reproductive Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS) o Swine Influenza o Swine Pneumonia o Other Porcine Diseases - Equine Diseases o Equine Encephalomyelitis o Equine Influenza o Equine Rhinopneumonitis o Strangles o Tetanus o Other Equine Diseases - Livestock Diseases o Bovine Disease o Small Ruminant Animal Disease - Aquaculture Diseases o Furunculosis o Pasteurellosis o Vibriosis o Other Aquaculture Diseases - Other Animal Diseases Distribution Channels Covered: - Veterinary Hospitals - Veterinary Clinics - Retail pharmacies - Veterinary Research institutes - Other Distribution Channels Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583531/sample . Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583531/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Global Dilated Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics Market Analysis: Drug Classes, Clinical Pipeline and Forecast to 2020, New Report by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Dilated Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics Market by Drug Classes (Aldosterone Antagonists, Angiotensin II Receptor Blockers, Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors, and Beta-Blockers) and Clinical Pipeline Analysis of Phase 1, 2 and 3 Drugs 2016-2020 Maryland Heights, MO, February 14, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The global dilated cardiomyopathy therapeutics market is estimated to reach USD 300 Million in 2020, declining at a CAGR of 6.0% from 2016 to 2020, due to significant increase in drug side effects and medical devices substitution worldwide. Browse Dilated Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics Market by Drug Classes (Aldosterone Antagonists, Angiotensin II Receptor Blockers, Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors, and Beta-Blockers) and Clinical Pipeline Analysis of Phase 1, 2 and 3 Drugs 2016-2020 at https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/dilated-cardiomyopathy-therapeutics-market/ Dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) is also referred to as alcoholic cardiomyopathy, congestive, ischemic, primary cardiomyopathy, idiopathic, and peripartum cardiomyopathy. It is characterized by the enlargement of ventricular chamber along with systolic dysfunction. Dilated cardiomyopathy is the most common form of non-ischemic cardiomyopathy condition that involves decreased heart function due to an enlarged heart which cannot pump blood efficiently and can affect the lungs, liver, and other body systems. Dilated cardiomyopathy can develop at any age but it is more common among people aged between 20 years and 60 years. Standard therapy may include salt restriction, ACE inhibitors, diuretics, and digitalis and anticoagulants may also be used. The global dilated cardiomyopathy therapeutics market report estimates the market size (Revenue USD million - 2013 to 2020) for key market segments based on the drug classes (aldosterone antagonists, angiotensin ii receptor blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, and beta-blockers) and clinical pipeline analysis of phase 1, 2 and 3 drugs, and forecasts growth trends (CAGR% - 2016 to 2020). The global dilated cardiomyopathy therapeutics market research report is further segmented by geography into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. The global dilated cardiomyopathy therapeutics market report also provides the detailed market landscape, market drivers, restraints, opportunities), market attractiveness analysis and profiles of major competitors in the global market including company overview, financial snapshot, key products, technologies and services offered, and recent developments. Major players operating in the global dilated cardiomyopathy therapeutics market and included in this report are Array BioPharma, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Celladon Corporation, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis International AG, Pfizer, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, and Vericel Corporation. To request Table of Contents and Sample Pages of this report visit: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/dilated-cardiomyopathy-therapeutics-market/ About Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global healthcare market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. In addition to multi-client studies, we offer creative consulting services and conduct proprietary single-client assignments targeted at client’s specific business objectives, information needs, time frame and budget. Please contact us to receive a proposal for a proprietary single-client study. Contact Us iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive, Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareanalyst.com Website: https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com Contact Information iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Ana Aitawa (314) 500-7508 Contact https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Veterinary Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 13, 2017, 22:55 ET Share this article LONDON, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Veterinary vaccines are extensively used in the prevention of life-threatening animal diseases. This report on the global veterinary vaccines market analyzes the current and future prospects of the market. The report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot providing overall information on various segments and sub-segments. This section also provides complete information and data analysis of the global veterinary vaccines market with respect to the leading market segments based on technology type, animal type, and geography. The report is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via email. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various national and international databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn for each segment for the period from 2014 to 2024, considering the macro and micro-environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the global veterinary vaccines market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, vaccination expenditure, and regulatory requirements. Increase in prevalence of animal diseases, surge in investments by government bodies, rise in demand for milk, meat, eggs, and fish; high expenditure on companion animals, and growing awareness about vaccination among the middle class are the major factors that propel demand for veterinary vaccines. Stringent market regulations and high R&D cost are the major factors likely to hamper the veterinary vaccines market. The market overview section of the report includes qualitative analysis of the overall veterinary vaccines market including the determining factors and market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, and opportunities, along with white space analysis. In addition, market attractiveness analysis by geography, animal type, and technology type, and competitive landscape by key players have been provided which explain the intensity of competition in the market considering different geographies. The competitive scenario between market players has been evaluated through market share analysis. These factors would help the market players take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and increase their shares in the global market. The global veterinary vaccines market has been segmented based on technology type, animal type, and geography. Based on technology type, the market has been categorized into inactivated vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, conjugate vaccines, toxoid vaccines, and other vaccines such as recombinant vaccines, DNA vaccines, and subunit vaccines. Companion vaccines and livestock vaccines are the major segments by animal type. The companion vaccines segment comprises canine vaccines, feline vaccines, and equine vaccines. The livestock vaccines segment includes porcine, poultry, bovine, ovine, and other vaccines. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn for the period between 2014 and 2024 along with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024 has been provided for all the segments, considering 2015 as the base year. Geographically, the veterinary vaccines market has been categorized into five regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The mentioned regions are further analyzed by major countries contributing to the market. The competition matrix section included in the report is likely to assist the existing players to increase their market shares and new companies to establish their presence in the veterinary vaccines market. The report also profiles major players based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio, and recent developments. Major players in the global veterinary vaccines market are Bayer AG, Bimeda, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Ceva Santé Animale, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco Animal Health), Merck Animal Health, Sanofi S.A. (Merial Animal Health), Virbac, and Zoetis, Inc. The global veterinary vaccines market has been segmented as follows: Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Animal Type Animal Type Companion Animals Equine Canine Feline Livestock Animals Bovine Ovine Porcine Poultry Others Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Technology Type Inactivated Vaccines Live Attenuated Vaccines Conjugate Vaccines Toxoid Vaccines Other Vaccines Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe U.K. Germany Asia Pacific China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Middle East & Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of MEA Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4201042/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veterinary-vaccines-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300406784.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Feb 13, 2017, 22:59 ET Preview: Sleep Aids: Technologies and Global Markets Feb 13, 2017, 22:54 ET Preview: Hemostasis Products Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 15, 2017, 17:36 ETPassive Optical LAN Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size,... Feb 15, 2017, 17:36 ETSynchronous Condenser Market by Cooling Type, Reactive Power... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Veterinary Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 13, 2017, 22:55 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,612 +107.45 +0.52% Nasdaq 5,819 +36.87 +0.64% S&P 500 2,349 +11.67 +0.50% 4:27 A.M. ET Miners, oil giants pull FTSE 100 back from 1-month high 4:03 A.M. ET Airbus faces court battle with Austrian ministry 3:57 A.M. ET Updated This may be the one currency call Trump’s administration got right 3:54 A.M. ET Nestlé sales miss target; plans cost cuts 3:37 A.M. ET Death of Kim Jong Nam: Second woman arrested over airport attack 3:25 A.M. ET Opinion Multinationals learn the limits of being big 3:24 A.M. ET Cobham sinks 22% after writedown, guidance cut 3:22 A.M. ET Updated The Nasdaq is partying like it’s 1999, by this metric 3:21 A.M. ET Updated How one key Trump trade has regained its fizz — in one chart 3:11 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler climbs 1.4% after car sales jump 15% in Europe 3:10 A.M. ET Nestle slips 1.4% at the open after sales slow 3:08 A.M. ET Updated What’s behind Russia’s jauntier mood? Way more than Trump, says this bank CEO 3:07 A.M. ET Updated The reflation trade is back on 3:06 A.M. ET Updated The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 3:05 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens flat at 4,925.30 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Yellen may have offered the clearest explanation for the stock market’s record run 3:05 A.M. ET Updated ‘Mellow’ Charlie Munger says Trump ‘not wrong on everything’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens flat around 11,794.25 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Small businesses to strike Thursday to protest Trump’s immigration policies 3:03 A.M. ET Updated How U.S. crude-oil inventories rose to their highest level ever Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Time Warner shareholders approve $85.4 billion AT&T merger Home Press Release Veterinary Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 By Published: Feb 13, 2017 10:55 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Veterinary vaccines are extensively used in the prevention of life-threatening animal diseases. This report on the global veterinary vaccines market analyzes the current and future prospects of the market. The report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot providing overall information on various segments and sub-segments. This section also provides complete information and data analysis of the global veterinary vaccines market with respect to the leading market segments based on technology type, animal type, and geography. The report is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via email. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various national and international databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn for each segment for the period from 2014 to 2024, considering the macro and micro-environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the global veterinary vaccines market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, vaccination expenditure, and regulatory requirements. Increase in prevalence of animal diseases, surge in investments by government bodies, rise in demand for milk, meat, eggs, and fish; high expenditure on companion animals, and growing awareness about vaccination among the middle class are the major factors that propel demand for veterinary vaccines. Stringent market regulations and high R&D cost are the major factors likely to hamper the veterinary vaccines market. The market overview section of the report includes qualitative analysis of the overall veterinary vaccines market including the determining factors and market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, and opportunities, along with white space analysis. In addition, market attractiveness analysis by geography, animal type, and technology type, and competitive landscape by key players have been provided which explain the intensity of competition in the market considering different geographies. The competitive scenario between market players has been evaluated through market share analysis. These factors would help the market players take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and increase their shares in the global market. The global veterinary vaccines market has been segmented based on technology type, animal type, and geography. Based on technology type, the market has been categorized into inactivated vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, conjugate vaccines, toxoid vaccines, and other vaccines such as recombinant vaccines, DNA vaccines, and subunit vaccines. Companion vaccines and livestock vaccines are the major segments by animal type. The companion vaccines segment comprises canine vaccines, feline vaccines, and equine vaccines. The livestock vaccines segment includes porcine, poultry, bovine, ovine, and other vaccines. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn for the period between 2014 and 2024 along with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024 has been provided for all the segments, considering 2015 as the base year. Geographically, the veterinary vaccines market has been categorized into five regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The mentioned regions are further analyzed by major countries contributing to the market. The competition matrix section included in the report is likely to assist the existing players to increase their market shares and new companies to establish their presence in the veterinary vaccines market. The report also profiles major players based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio, and recent developments. Major players in the global veterinary vaccines market are Bayer AG, Bimeda, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Ceva Santé Animale, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco Animal Health), Merck Animal Health, Sanofi S.A. (Merial Animal Health), Virbac, and Zoetis, Inc. The global veterinary vaccines market has been segmented as follows: Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Animal Type Animal Type Companion Animals Equine Canine Feline Livestock Animals Bovine Ovine Porcine Poultry Others Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Technology Type Inactivated Vaccines Live Attenuated Vaccines Conjugate Vaccines Toxoid Vaccines Other Vaccines Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe U.K. Germany Asia Pacific China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Middle East & Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of MEA Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4201042/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veterinary-vaccines-market---global-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2016---2024-300406784.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 The reflation trade is back on Intelligence officials withhold sensitive information from Trump: report The tipping point for renewable energy is nearly here NetApp finally catches up, but may already be behind MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Warehouses are the new mansions View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Sponsored Content Realtor.com: The 5 biggest mistakes veteran and military home buyers make View More Financial News Executive stress on the rise for finance workers View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News The 2017 Women in Oncology Award Winners Honored by PRIMO Education The winners of the 2017 Women in Oncology Award were announced this morning at the 2nd Annual Practical Recommendations in Immuno and Molecular Oncology (PRIMO) Meeting. The Women in Oncology Awards are presented annually to three outstanding women in academia, industry, and advocacy, and seeks to recognize women who have made outstanding contributions to the lives of those fighting cancer. Wailea, HI, February 13, 2017 –– The winners of the 2017 Women in Oncology Award were announced this weekend at the 2nd Annual Practical Recommendations in Immuno and Molecular Oncology (PRIMO) Meeting. The awards were Introduced by Charles Balch, MD, PhD(hc), of the MD Anderson Cancer Center, and presented by meeting Co-chairs Julie Brahmer, MD, MSc, of Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and Julie Vose, MD, MBA, of the University of Nebraska Medical Center. The Women in Oncology Awards are presented annually to three outstanding women in academia, industry, and advocacy, and seeks to recognize women who have made outstanding contributions to the lives of those fighting cancer. The 2017 the Women in Oncology Award Winners are: Academic Nancy Davidson, MD, is the Executive Director of the Fred Hutchinson and University of Washington Cancer Consortium, located in Seattle, WA. She is a world-renowned breast cancer researcher, who has dedicated her career to the study of cancer biology and treatment. In addition to her role at Fred Hutchinson, she is the President of the American Association for Cancer Research, and the Past-President of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. Advocacy Kathy Giusti is a Founder and Executive Chairman of the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation (MMRF) and the Multiple Myeloma Research Consortium (MMRC), as well as the Faculty Co-Chair of the Harvard Business School Kraft Precision Medicine Accelerator. As Executive Chairman of the MMRF, she established innovative research models to accelerate the pace of development for lifesaving treatments, earning her recognition not only as a pioneer of precision medicine, but also as a strong advocate for patient engagement. Due to her and her foundation’s success, Ms. Giusti has earned numerous career accolades, including a #19 ranking in Fortune Magazine’s “World’s 50 Greatest Leaders”, and an appointment to President Obama’s 2015 Precision Medicine Initiative Working Group. Industry Jill DeSimone is the Head of US Oncology at Merck. Under her leadership, pembrolizumab received FDA approval in metastatic melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, and head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, positively impacting a large number of patients across the US. Prior to her time at Merck, Ms. DeSimone was a Senior Vice President at Teva Pharmaceuticals, where she established the Global Women’s Health Unit, as well as a Senior Vice President at Bristol-Meyers Squibb. The organizers of this award, PRIMO Education and Cancer Expert Now, thank these three outstanding women for their commitment to the advancement of cancer care and advocacy, and look forward to their continuing contributions to oncology in the future. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Education, Health, Industry, Uncategorized, unit, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pan-African Banking Finding its Stride Next PostNext Southern Co (NYSE:SO) Investor Lawsuit alleges False and Misleading Statements Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News The 2017 Women in Oncology Award Winners Honored by PRIMO Education Wailea, HI, February 13, 2017 –(PR.com)– The winners of the 2017 Women in Oncology Award were announced this weekend at the 2nd Annual Practical Recommendations in Immuno and Molecular Oncology (PRIMO) Meeting. The awards were Introduced by Charles Balch, MD, PhD(hc), of the MD Anderson Cancer Center, and presented by meeting Co-chairs Julie Brahmer, MD, MSc, of Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and Julie Vose, MD, MBA, of the University of Nebraska Medical Center. The Women in Oncology Awards are presented annually to three outstanding women in academia, industry, and advocacy, and seeks to recognize women who have made outstanding contributions to the lives of those fighting cancer. The 2017 the Women in Oncology Award Winners are: Academic Nancy Davidson, MD, is the Executive Director of the Fred Hutchinson and University of Washington Cancer Consortium, located in Seattle, WA. She is a world-renowned breast cancer researcher, who has dedicated her career to the study of cancer biology and treatment. In addition to her role at Fred Hutchinson, she is the President of the American Association for Cancer Research, and the Past-President of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. Advocacy Kathy Giusti is a Founder and Executive Chairman of the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation (MMRF) and the Multiple Myeloma Research Consortium (MMRC), as well as the Faculty Co-Chair of the Harvard Business School Kraft Precision Medicine Accelerator. As Executive Chairman of the MMRF, she established innovative research models to accelerate the pace of development for lifesaving treatments, earning her recognition not only as a pioneer of precision medicine, but also as a strong advocate for patient engagement. Due to her and her foundation’s success, Ms. Giusti has earned numerous career accolades, including a #19 ranking in Fortune Magazine’s “World’s 50 Greatest Leaders”, and an appointment to President Obama’s 2015 Precision Medicine Initiative Working Group. Industry Jill DeSimone is the Head of US Oncology at Merck. Under her leadership, pembrolizumab received FDA approval in metastatic melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, and head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, positively impacting a large number of patients across the US. Prior to her time at Merck, Ms. DeSimone was a Senior Vice President at Teva Pharmaceuticals, where she established the Global Women’s Health Unit, as well as a Senior Vice President at Bristol-Meyers Squibb. The organizers of this award, PRIMO Education and Cancer Expert Now, thank these three outstanding women for their commitment to the advancement of cancer care and advocacy, and look forward to their continuing contributions to oncology in the future. Contact Information: Jeff Meehan 1-973-222-5692 Contact via Email Read the full story here: http://www.pr.com/press-release/705228 Press Release Distributed by PR.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Education, Health, Industry, Uncategorized, unit, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ball Aerospace Awarded Spacecraft Operation Support Next PostNext Saudi-Led Coalition in Yemen: Safeguarding Civilians Remains Foremost Priority Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Recombinant Therapeutic Antibodies & Proteins Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2023 Human proteins obtained through genetic engineering rather than from tissue samples have played a vital role in therapeutic medicines market. Advances in pharmacological understanding and pharmaceutical production have allowed continuous development of human proteins as a vital therapeutic option in variety of human diseases. From a clinical perspective, therapeutic proteins provide essential therapies in various life threatening disease such as diabetes, viral hepatitis, end-stage renal disease, clotting disorders and other metabolic disorders. Proteins as a part of the natural metabolism are synthesized by the living organism. Proteins play a significant role in carrying out vital body functions such as cell signaling, immune responses, cell adhesion, and the cell cycle. Industries such as biopharmaceutical industry, enzyme industry, and agriculture industry over a decade have been significantly benefited from native and recombinant proteins. In general therapeutic proteins include antibody-based drugs, bone morphogenetic proteins, FC fusion proteins, hormones, interleukins, and anticoagulants. Major application areas for these recombinant proteins include multiple sclerosis, dwarfism, anemia, rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn’s disease, diabetes and others. Browse full report on Recombinant Therapeutic Antibodies & Proteins Market – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/recombinant-therapeuti… Increasing investment on research activities and introduction of new protein therapeutics has significantly contributed in growth and development of recombinant therapeutic antibodies and proteins market. Moreover rising number of clinical trials in pharmaceutical industry have also contributed in growth and development of market in past few years. Owing to increased focus on developing innovative monoclonal antibodies (mAb), this segment is expected to dominate during the forecast period. Interestingly, although the recombinant therapeutic and proteins market is significantly smaller than overall pharmaceutical market yet the growth rate of the market is significantly higher than the overall pharmaceutical market. Restraint to the growth of the market includes lack of variety in formulations as most the recombinant antibodies and proteins can only be administered via injections. There are several problems associated with the administration of protein drug via injection such as it increases the overall cost of the treatment, need of trained caregiver during the course of treatment barring a few such as insulin and others. Additionally patent expiration of branded drugs and budget constraints are another major factor limiting the growth and exploration of application areas. Geographically the market is largely dominated by the developed economic regions such as North America and Europe owing to rapid growth of the biotechnology derived techniques in these two regions. Additionally significant research support in terms of infrastructure and funding has also driven recombinant therapeutic antibodies and proteins market in past one decade. Emerging markets such as Asia Pacific and Rest of the World market are expected to be the fastest growing market pertaining to developing economic scenario and increasing demand for therapeutics market. Owing to such reforms and growth in developing economic countries have successfully contributed in attracting prominent players to these regions as a strategy to increase customer base and business expansion. Major branded monoclonal antibodies in the market include Rituxan (rituxumab), Synagis (Palivizumab), Campath (Alemtuzumab), Erbitux (Cetuximab). Whereas branded therapeutic proteins in the market comprises Levemir (Datemir insulin), Neulasta (PEG-Filgrastim), Enbrel (Etanercept), Ontak (rIL2-diptheria toxin) and others. Recombinant proteins currently in clinical trial phase include AERAS-404, Interferon alpha2a Fusion Protein, Anakinra, Aldesleukin and others. Some of the prominent players operating in the global recombinant therapeutic antibodies and protein market include Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celldex Therapeutics, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis International AG, Schering AG, Johnson & Johnson and others. Request for brochure of this report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, general, Health & Medicine, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Healthcare Information Systems Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Next PostNext Wet Macular Degeneration Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Protein Labeling Market is Expected to Reach $5,350 million by 2022, Globally-Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Feb 13, 2017, 11:30 ET Share this article PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, February 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research titled, "Global Protein Labeling Market by Labeling Method, Application, Product Type, and End User-Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022," projects that the global protein labeling market would reach $5,350 million by 2022 from $2,002 million in 2015, growing at a CAGR of 14.9% during the forecast period. Reagents segment is estimated to dominate the global protein labeling market throughout the analysis period. Majority of the global protein labeling market share was captured by U.S. in 2015. Continue Reading Allied Market Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) View Detail Summary of Protein Labeling Market report: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/protein-labeling-market Protein labeling is an effective technique to study protein structure, function, and functioning of genes. The global protein labeling market has become prominent due to increase in expenditure on R&D, escalation in proteomics research, and rise in the healthcare expenses. Moreover, the launch of new technologies has boosted this market. Protein labeling technique is a secondary research tool for proteomic analysis, and is used for research and diagnostic purposes in biotechnology and pharmaceuticals industries. Moreover, with the rise in the prevalence of chronic diseases such as cancer, the need for prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of such diseases is on the rise. Consequently, the demand for such techniques is anticipated to increase. Alternatively, lack of skilled professionals, limited applications of protein labeling products along with high costs of reagents, kits, and other protein labeling services are the key factors that could impede the market growth. Amongst the labeling methods, the in vivo labeling segment dominates the market with more than half of the global protein labeling market in 2015. This is mainly attributed to ease of availability of products and reagents and the stability of this method. However, bioorthogonal labeling segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment. This is attributed to the fact that this method of proteins labeling can be carried out in living cells without hindering the biochemical functioning of the cell. By product types, the reagents segment dominated the global protein labelling market. Reagents accounted for about 60% share in 2015 and are frequently used in different protein labeling procedures, from sample preparation to washing and incubation. As the objective of every research is different, the researcher cannot use conventional products for different methodologies. Thus, the growth in demand for customized protein labeling services segment have lead it to become the fastest growing segment during the forecast period. Key findings of the Protein Labeling Market study:  Nanoparticle labeling segment is estimated to exhibit a CAGR of 17.4%, among in vitro labeling. Fluorescence Microscopy segment will exhibit a CAGR of 16.1% in LAMEA region. Research laboratories segment holds two-thirds of the share in the end-user protein labeling market. Photoreactive labeling segment for in vivo protein labeling is projected to be the fastest growing segment from 2016 to 2022. Mexico was the smallest economy market in 2015, and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 15.7% through 2022. Based on geography, North America generated the highest revenue in 2015, accounting for the majority of the share of global protein labeling market, due to various technological advancements, rise in R&D investments, and surge in demand for protein labeling products. Furthermore, North America is estimated to continue to dominate the world market, owing to rise in technological innovations and significant rise in funding. The Asia-Pacific region is expected to be the fastest growing segment, owing to the increased demands of emerging economies such as Japan and China and rise in healthcare expenditure. The key developmental strategies adopted by leading market players are product launches, collaborations, and partnerships. The prominent market players profiled in the report include General Electric Company, Kaneka Corporation, LI-COR, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., New England Biolabs, Inc., PerkinElmer, Inc., Promega Corporation, F. Hoffmann-LA Roche AG, Seracare Life Sciences, Inc., and Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. About Us:  Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1-800-792-5285 (U.S. & Canada) Fax: +1-800-792-5285 Email: query@alliedmarketresearch.com Web: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/ SOURCE Allied Market Research Feb 13, 2017, 11:45 ET Preview: Potting Compounds Market Expected to Reach $3,460 Million by 2022, Globally-Allied Market Research Feb 13, 2017, 11:30 ET Preview: Thermoset Molding Compounds Market Expected to Reach $12,298 Million by 2022, Globally - Allied Market Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 15, 2017, 10:30 ETChilled and Deli Food Market is Expected to Reach $1,051,554... Feb 15, 2017, 10:15 ETImplantable Medical Devices Market is Expected to Reach $116,300... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Protein Labeling Market is Expected to Reach $5,350 million by 2022, Globally-Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Feb 13, 2017, 11:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 9 P/SUNNY TOKYO (6 p.m.) Markets 113.95 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Plaintiffs suing the government and drugmakers over health problems allegedly caused by cervical cancer vaccines head to the Tokyo District Court on Monday for the opening of their trial. | KYODO National / Crime & Legal Suit opens in Tokyo court over cervical cancer vaccine side effects by Mizuho Aoki Staff Writer Feb 13, 2017 Article history Online: Feb 13, 2017 Last Modified: Feb 14, 2017 PRINT SHARE Twenty-eight girls and women suffering what they say are side effects from cervical cancer vaccines that were recommended by the government demanded compensation from the state and drugmakers Monday as their trial opened at the Tokyo District Court. The plaintiffs, ranging in age from 15 to 22, said they have experienced a wide range of health problems, including pain all over their bodies and impaired mobility, after receiving the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccines between 2010 and 2013. Each is demanding ¥15 million in damages. Erina Sonoda, a 20-year-old college student, said she started to suffer strong menstrual pain after receiving the second of three recommended shots of the Cervarix vaccine, and the pain spread to other parts of her body after the third vaccination. Due to agonizing pain, Sonoda said she has difficulty walking without a cane and often must use a wheelchair. “I felt acute pain as if someone was squashing my internal organs. … Such conditions have only gotten worse,” Sonoda told the court while sitting in a wheelchair. “I received the shots because the government recommended it,” she said. “I want the government to take seriously its responsibility for causing us (to suffer from) such symptoms.” Since last July, a total of 119 plaintiffs have filed similar suits with courts in Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka and Fukuoka, according to Masumi Minaguchi, a lawyer representing the women. The government and the drugmakers — GlaxoSmithKline PLC and Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., who make the HPV vaccines Cervarix and Gardasil, respectively — sought Monday to dismiss the compensation claims. Representatives of the drugmakers said the safety and effectiveness of the medicines against cervical cancer have been scientifically confirmed and denied there is any link between the alleged side effects and the vaccines. The Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry began recommending in April 2013 that girls between 12 and 16 be vaccinated for cervical cancer. But the ministry halted the recommendation two months later following reports of side effects. According to the ministry, 2,945 people out of the 3.39 million women who had received the shots by the end of last April have reported side effects. A causal link between the HPV vaccines and reported symptoms remains unclear, and no scientific proof has been submitted. A nationwide survey conducted by a health ministry research team between July and December 2015 found symptoms claimed as side effects of cervical cancer vaccines in both vaccinated and unvaccinated populations. The team is conducting further detailed analysis of the data. Cervical cancer is the second most common cause of cancer deaths in women under 40. Each year about 10,000 women develop the disease in Japan and around 2,900 die annually, according to the National Cancer Center. The primary cause of cervical cancer is human papillomavirus, a common infection transmitted through sexual intercourse. The cervical cancer vaccines are believed to help prevent HPV. In December 2015, the World Health Organization issued a statement criticizing the government’s decision to cease recommending the vaccine, saying that “policy decisions based on weak evidence, leading to lack of use of safe and effective vaccines, can result in real harm.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords lawsuits, cervical cancer, vaccines, HPV, Cervarix National Bodybuilder in Fuchu held on suspicion of abusing ex-girlfriend’s twins Teen rape suspect turns himself in after escape from hospital Japan-born Thai teenager fights to remain at ‘home’ despite deportation order METI comes up with lower ¥124.7 billion estimate for Osaka 2025 expo facilities Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Abe says Trump encouraged him to boost ties, dialogue with Putin The Japanese and love — more complicated than you think Apa under fire again, this time for anti-Semitic remarks Suit opens in Tokyo court over cervical cancer vaccine side effects Toshiba says it is now considering selling majority stake in flash memory spinoff U.S. believes Pyongyang agents killed Kim Jong Nam; Malaysia cops seek female pair who fled in cab Solid fuel believed used in North Korean missile, setting stage for mobile, stealthy arsenal Fired once by Obama, Flynn quit because he’d become ‘lightning rod’ over Russia ties: Conway Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Biological Drugs Market – Future Growth and Opportunities by Vaccine Types (Gardasil, Prenvar 13, Fluzone, Cervarix, and Varivax) Upto 2020 Global Biological Drugs Market: Snapshot The global market for biological drugs has been demonstrating an upward movement since the last few years. The rising concerns over the increasing cases of side-effects caused by conventional medicines and drugs are having a positive impact on the demand for biological drugs across the world. The trend is expected to remain so over the forthcoming years with the opportunity in the worldwide biological drugs market expanding at a CAGR of 10.10% during the period from 2014 to 2020 and reaching US 287.1 bn by the end of the forecast period. PDF Containing the Upcoming Market Analysis of Biological Drugs is available at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Demand for Enbrel to Remain Strong in Future Lantus, epogen, avonex, victoza, levemir, betaseron, enbrel, humalog, aranesp, neulasta, novolog, neupogen, rebif, and eylea are some of the main therapeutic proteins used in biological drugs. Enbrel has been witnessing a greater demand than other therapeutic proteins, worldwide. Enbrel is used in the treatment of auto-immune diseases, such as juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, plaque, psoriatic, and psoriasis. The growing prevalence of these diseases has influenced the sales of enbrel. Analysts expect the segment to rise at a CAGR of 14.50% over the forecast period. However, the concerns over side-effects of this protein, such as multiple sclerosis, tuberculosis, allergic reactions, and blood related infections, may limit its demand to some extent in the years to come. Lantus and neulasta are the other important therapeutic proteins, which are likely to gain impetus in the global market over the next few years. Increasing Investments for Research and Development in Biological Drugs to Ensure North America’s Leadership The global market for biological drugs is spread across Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, and the Rest of the World. Thanks to the increased application of biological drugs for the treatment of a number of diseases, such as diabetes, cancer, and other chronic medical conditions, North America has emerged as the leading consumer of biological drugs. Over the forthcoming years, investments to increase research and development activities in biological drugs is likely to heighten, which consequently, is expected to boost the North America biological drugs to a great extent. Expanding at a CAGR of 10.90%, this region will continue to hold the leadership in the global market for biological drugs during the forecast period. Europe and Asia Pacific are also projected to gain substantial momentum in their respective markets for biological drugs in the coming years, thanks to the growing awareness among consumers pertaining to the efficiency and other benefits of biological drugs. The unmet medical needs in Asia Pacific is also anticipated to add significantly to the growth of the global biological drugs market in the near future. Read the Current Market Status of Biological Drugs at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/biological-drugs-marke… GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Biogen Idec, Novartis AG, Baxter International Inc., Amgen Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Eli Lilly and Co., Pfizer Inc. and Abbott Laboratories are some of the leading manufacturers of biological drugs across the world. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Health & Medicine, intelligence, Markets, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CEO Warrior Founder Mike Agugliaro To Present at WWETT In Indianapolis Next PostNext Latest Report on United States Nuclear Medicine Diagnostics Market 2017-2022 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
02162017Headline: Business Research 2017 – Global Superheated Water High Pressure Boiler Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Acute Market Reports 2 mins ago Worldwide Water Sports Gear Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports 9 mins ago Methyl Cobalamine Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 9 mins ago Global Electrophysiology Ablation Catheters Market 2016 to 2021 – Size, Industry Trends, Growth, Prospects Till: Acute Market Reports 11 mins ago Worldwide Stupied Boy Water Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 16 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Bioinformatics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2024 – Credence Research Bioinformatics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive, Analysis and Forecast 2016 to 2024 – Credence Research February 13, 2017 | by Satyamspot | The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Bioinformatics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2024,” the bioinformatics market was valued at USD 8,580.0 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD 38,614.0 Mn by 2024, expanding at a CAGR of 20.3% from 2016 to 2024. Market Insights The key applications of bioinformatics comprises in gene sequence analysis, gene and protein expression analysis, gene regulation analysis, genome annotation, and mutation analysis. Bioinformatics plays key role in research optimization via effective data management during and after clinical trials. The factor assisting its market growth throughout the forecast period is existence of huge government funding and market introduction of technological advancements in the fields of genomics and proteomics. The market experts suggested that, market growth of bioinformatics has been also driven by the companies that express a need to adopt more cost-efficient and prolific methods to commercialize proprietary information. The suppliers operating in this market are expected to provide products or services such as complete integration of data infrastructure including data sharing facility, data security, data searching, proposed customization and data analysis. Browse the full report Bioinformatics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2024 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/bioinformatics-market Applications of bioinformatics comprise genomics, molecular phylogenetics, proteomics, transcriptomics, metabolomics, chemoinformatics & drug designing and others. In 2015, genomics dominated the overall market in terms of market share due to its rising application in understanding mutational disorders and identification processes related to investifgation of better pathways that pertain to gene based drug development. Biocontent management was observed as the largest market in 2015 due to rising rate of bioinformatics tools and software application in database management is one of the primary reasons attributing to its large share. In year 2015, North America dominated the overall market and is expected to maintain its dominance in the market throughout the forecast period. The key factors assisting the North America bioinformatics market are U.S. is a base of large number of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies, it records highest number of clinical trials and studies carried out every year. The bioinformatics services and products available in North America are advanced coupled with modern healthcare infrastructure. During the forecast period Asia-Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR due to rising number of outsourcing assignments related with healthcare IT and clinical trials, developing healthcare infrastructure and increasing number of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies. Asia-Pacific is considered as a hub of information technology companies and these companies provide bioinformatics products and services assistance to companies based in the North America and Europe. Market Competition Assessment: The bioinformatics market is observed as the most diversified and competitive market comprising large number of players.  The market is dominated by several players, depending on their major competencies. The key players in this market are BIOVIA (Accelrys Inc.), IBM Life Sciences, 3rd Millennium Inc., Life Technologies Corporation, Rosetta Biosoftware, Agilent Technologies, Affymetrix, Inc., Celera Corporation, and others. Key Market Movements: Bioinformatics market will retain its significant growth due to presence of huge government funding and technological advancements upcoming in the fields of genomics and proteomics Rising usage of biological systems modeling is becoming a trend in clinical research field which is assisting the growth of bioinformatics In the field of drug discovery and development demand is increasing for the use of integrated data Market experts have also suggested that, bioinformatics has huge application in wide number of sectors, many government and non-government organizations are investing in the R&D of the sector which is acting as a strong reason for the growth of the market Get Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58266 ToC: Chapter 1 Preface 1.1 Report Description 1.1.1 Purpose of the Report 1.1.2 Target Audience 1.1.3 USP and Key Offerings 1.2 Research Scope 1.3 Research Methodology 1.3.1 Phase I – Secondary Research 1.3.2 Phase II – Primary Research 1.3.3 Phase III – Expert Panel Review 1.3.4 Assumptions Chapter 2 Executive Summary 2.1 Global Bioinformatics Market Portraiture 2.2 Global Bioinformatics Market, by Products & Services, 2015 Vs 2024 (Value %) 2.3 Global Bioinformatics Market, by Application, 2015 Vs 2024 (Value %) 2.4 Global Bioinformatics Market, by Geography, 2015 (Value %) Chapter 3 Bioinformatics Market Analysis 3.1 Global Bioinformatics Market Analysis 3.2 Market Dynamics 3.2.1 Market Drivers 3.2.1.1 Increasing demand for data magament services and products in healthcare R&D industry 3.2.1.2 Rising application of proteomics and genomics in development of effective theraputics 3.2.1.3 Increasing number of collaborations in pharmceutical companies and research and development institutes or universities 3.2.2 Challenges 3.2.2.1 Data Integration is difficult due to lack of uniform standards and common data formats 3.2.3 Opportunities 3.2.3.1 Rising demand for Nanopore Sequencing Technology and Cloud Technology in the near future 3.2.3.1 Developing healthcare infrastructure in emerging economies such as Brazil, India and China will Boost the Market Growth 3.3 Attractive Investment Proposition….. Request For Customization: http://www.credenceresearch.com/request-for-customization/58266 About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Media Contact Name: Chris Smith Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Business Research 2017 – Global Superheated Water High Pressure Boiler Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Acute Market Reports Worldwide Water Sports Gear Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports Methyl Cobalamine Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Electrophysiology Ablation Catheters Market 2016 to 2021 – Size, Industry Trends, Growth, Prospects Till: Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Business Research 2017 – Global Superheated Water High Pressure Boiler Market Size, Regional Outlook Forecast Report – Acute Market Reports Worldwide Water Sports Gear Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports Methyl Cobalamine Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Electrophysiology Ablation Catheters Market 2016 to 2021 – Size, Industry Trends, Growth, Prospects Till: Acute Market Reports Worldwide Stupied Boy Water Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Congress prepares to review links of Russia, Trump allies State auditor, legislators spar over lawsuit vs. Minn. counties Judge denies dismissal of case against officer in Castile death Family of Minn. boy whose death sparked child protection reforms sues county Resident dies after Eden Prairie caregiver forgot to plug in heart pump U researchers may have found way to predict autism in kids Gophers lead for good after Springs follows his shot Another 40-point game for Wiggins, this time in a Wolves win Minnesota Zoo revamps how it reaches out to low-income families, and they respond Many Twin Cities businesses closing Thursday for 'Day Without Immigrants' protest Be ready for longer lines at MSP's security checkpoints this weekend, the TSA warns next National 413773943 Business Highlights By The Associated Press Associated Press February 14, 2017 — 5:55pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint ___ 2 big insurance breakups on Valentine's Day Cigna says it is ending Anthem's proposed, $48-billion acquisition bid and seeking billions in damages from the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer. The announcement comes hours after another major insurer, Aetna Inc., said it was abandoning its planned, $34-billion purchase of Medicare Advantage provider Humana Inc. ___ Yellen: Expect Fed to resume raising rates in coming months WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen pointed Tuesday to a solid U.S. job market and economy and suggested that the Fed will resume raising interest rates in the next few months. But with many uncertainties surrounding President Donald Trump's proposals, Yellen said the Fed still wants to keep assessing the economy. ___ Jumping bank stocks push US indexes higher; bond yields rise NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stock indexes climbed further into record territory, led by a push higher for banks. Bond yields rose after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the central bank is still on track to raise interest rates gradually. ___ With Trump's win in China, will Trump toilets get flushed? SHANGHAI (AP) — China is expected to give President Trump valuable rights to his brand for construction services this week. Chinese authorities denied him that benefit for a decade, but after Trump declared his candidacy his fortunes changed. Ethics lawyers say Trump's foreign trademarks are a conflict of interest that may violate the Constitution. Meanwhile, makers of Trump-brand luxury toilets in Shenzhen are contemplating a new legal adversary: the president of the United States. ___ Jumping bank stocks push US indexes higher; bond yields rise NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stock indexes climbed further into record territory, led by a push higher for banks. Bond yields rose after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the central bank is still on track to raise interest rates gradually. ___ Leaders of American Airlines pilots' union blast CEO DALLAS (AP) — Support from labor unions was critical when Doug Parker's US Airways forced a merger with American, but now the CEO of the world's biggest airline is under fire from unions unhappy about pay that lags rates at rival Delta. Leaders of the pilots' union say they have lost confidence in the ability of Parker and senior executives to lead the airline. Flight attendants picketed Tuesday at company headquarters and three big airports. ___ US says canceled flights declining, fewer bags getting lost The government says airlines are getting better at avoiding canceled flights, losing bags and bumping passengers. The Transportation Department also says 2016 was one of the best years for on-time arrivals. ___ Buffett's firm invests heavily in Apple, airline stocks OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Warren Buffett's company nearly quadrupled its investment in Apple to over 57 million shares during the last three months of last year. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. filed a quarterly update on its U.S. stock portfolio with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday. ___ Judge gives OK to deal for smaller set of cheating VWs SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A judge in San Francisco granted initial approval to a deal worth at least $1.2 billion that aims to compensate owners of roughly 78,000 Volkswagens with 3-liter engines that were rigged to cheat on emissions tests. The company previously agreed to spend up to $10 billion buying back or repairing Volkswagens and Audis with 2-liter diesel engines. U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer congratulated attorneys on both sides before granting preliminary approval to the smaller deal on Tuesday ___ Merck Alzheimer's drug fails in 1 study; another continues Merck & Co. says it will stop its study of an experimental Alzheimer's drug in people with mild or moderate symptoms because interim results showed "virtually no chance" of any benefit ___ PSA Group exploring takeover of GM's European unit Opel FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — France's PSA Group, maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars, says it's exploring "a potential acquisition" of Opel, the money-losing European business of General Motors Co. PSA Group and GM are already involved in several joint projects in Europe. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Gander Mountain statement doesn't clarify report that it's near bankruptcy Many Twin Cities businesses closing Thursday for 'Day Without Immigrants' protest 13 Minn. chefs, 2 eateries among James Beard Awards semifinalists Trump name-checks 'Tar-zhay' in meeting with Target, Best Buy CEOs Judge denies dismissal of case against officer in Castile death More From Politics National 48 minutes ago Watchdog: Number of anti-Muslim hate groups on the rise The number of anti-Muslim hate groups in the United States has nearly tripled since 2015, due in part to radical Islamic attacks and the incendiary rhetoric of last year's presidential campaign, the Southern Poverty Law Center says. National 48 minutes ago Dems see disparity in handling of Clinton, Russia inquiries Democrats are criticizing the FBI over its refusal to discuss potential contacts between Russian officials and associates of President Donald Trump, saying the bureau's tight-lipped approach and its public disclosures about Hillary Clinton's emails during the fractious election campaign reflect a double standard. National 52 minutes ago Trump White House wrestles with a crush of crises Less than a month into his tenure, Donald Trump's White House is beset by a crush of crises. National 53 minutes ago Airport shooting suspect due in Florida federal court The Alaska man accused of killing five people and wounding six in a Florida airport shooting rampage is due in federal court. National 53 minutes ago Puzder withdrawal stark example of rough start for Trump WH The White House is working frantically to find a new secretary of labor candidate after President Donald Trump's original pick, Andrew Puzder, abruptly withdrew from consideration. Top Stories Congress prepares to review links of Russia, Trump allies Feb. 15 State auditor, legislators spar over lawsuit vs. Minn. counties Feb. 15 Judge denies dismissal of case against officer in Castile death Feb. 15 Most Read Trump's pick for Israel ambassador faces rocky confirmation • National Senate to confirm Trump budget chief • National Puzder withdrawal stark example of rough start for Trump WH • National Puzder withdraws nomination to be Trump's labor secretary • National House GOP batting around options for revamping health law • National World Malaysia arrests 2nd suspect in North Korean's death Breakaway region of Somalia begs the Trump administration for travel ban exemption Nation Video captured shooting that killed Chicago toddler 'Firefall' phenomenon wows visitors to Yosemite's El Capitan Politics Trump name-checks 'Tar-zhay' in meeting with Target, Best Buy CEOs Puzder withdraws nomination to be Trump's labor secretary markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild's Staal trying to work his way out of a slump Nyquist suspended six games for high-sticking Spurgeon Wolves Another 40-point game for Wiggins, this time in a Wolves win After injury, Lance Stephenson's fate with Wolves uncertain Gophers Gophers lead for good after Springs follows his shot Fleck commits $50K of own money to secure 'Row the Boat' for Gophers Celebrities Pilot Harrison Ford has close call with full airliner at California airport Howard Stern sued for airing woman's personal IRS conversation Vikings Reports: Adrian Peterson could play for every NFL team next year Hartman: Vikings' role model for next season should be 1973 team poll Poll: What are the Gophers chances of making the NCAA men's basketba... 10,000 Takes My secret to making friends in the Twin Cities? Lots of Tinder dates Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Featured Gallery Grammys: Prince Tribute 11 photos The Prince Tribute at the 59th Grammy Awards. Featured Video Unsure when next ones will come, Minnesota welcomes refugees 02:10 Refugee workers turned out in force to greet a family from Afghanistan at Minneapolis-St. ... Taste 13 Minn. chefs, 2 eateries among James Beard Awards semifinalists Gather round – we're making empanadas StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search CMS Projects U.S. Health Spending to Reach 19.9% of GDP by 2025 cme/ce Large Study IDs Fetal Risks from Gestational Diabetes U.S. Cancer Deaths Down Overall, Up in Some Regions: Clin Onc News Report Senators Ponder Mental Health Funding cme/ce Baricitinib Scores High in Phase III LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage cme/ce 2-Drug Combination Holds HIV in Check Well-treated patients switched to dolutegravir plus rilpivirine maintain suppression MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Ed Susman Contributing Writer, MedPage Today February 14, 2017 This article is a collaboration between MedPage Today® and: Action Points Note that this study was published as an abstract and presented at a conference. These data and conclusions should be considered to be preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal. Note that this randomized trial found a two-drug anti-retroviral regimen to be non-inferior to a 3- or 4-drug regimen among patients with HIV infection with a completely suppressed viral load. Be aware that this combination is not yet approved for this indication. SEATTLE – Patients diagnosed with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection who have successfully suppressed serum virus to undetectable levels on multidrug antiretroviral therapy appear to be able to switch to a more convenient two-drug regimen without sacrificing efficacy, researchers reported here. Of the 513 patients who were switched from a three- or four-drug regimen, 95% maintained virus at undetectable levels using the 50 cells/m3 assay compared with 96% of 511 patients who remained on their original treatment regimen after 48 weeks, said Josep Llibre, MD, PhD, of University Hospital Germans Trias, Badalona, Spain. "A dolutegravir [Tivicay] plus rilpivirine [Edurant] two-drug combination offers the potential for reduction in cumulative antiretroviral exposure, without an increased risk of virologic failure," Llibre told MedPage Today at a press briefing at the annual Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections. Llibre said the trial demonstrated that dolutegravir plus rilpivirine was non-inferior to the comparator three- or four-drug regimens. The findings were the same whether the patients were analyzed on an intention-to-treat basis or on a per-protocol basis. Overall, virologic failure occurred in three patients – less than 1% – on the two-drug regimen, and in six patients (1%) of the patients who remained on their current antiretroviral regimen. Analysis of the virus in the patients who experienced virologic failure did not reveal any resistance to the integrase inhibitor; one patient had a resistant mutation to rilpivirine, the researchers reported. "It has been a long-term dream to find [a way to] reduce the number of drugs taken by patients who face lifelong treatment of HIV," Llibre said. He said that the researchers selected the integrase inhibitor dolutegravir and the non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor rilpivirine because the drugs were safe, effective and had high barriers that prevented HIV from becoming resistant to the agents. The most commonly reported adverse events in the dolutegravir and rilpivirine arm were nasopharyngitis, headache, diarrhea, and upper respiratory tract infection. For the comparator arm, the most commonly reported adverse events were nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory tract infection, back pain, headache, and diarrhea. The studies are ongoing for 148 weeks. Llibre reported that 27 patients in the dolutegravir plus rilpivirine arm of the study experienced serious adverse events, four of which were believed to be treatment-related. There were 21 serious adverse events in the current antiretroviral regimen patients, but only one was considered treatment-related. He said the researchers did not observe any new adverse events with the two-drug combination. Patients in the two open-label trials, dubbed SWORD-1 and SWORD-2, were recruited into the study if they had been diagnosed with HIV and had undetectable viral loads for at least 12 months. The patients were eligible for the switch if they did not also have infection with hepatitis B and if they had remained suppressed with no history of virologic failure. The median duration of antiretroviral treatment was just over four years at the time of entry into the studies. Joseph Eron, MD, of the University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, told MedPage Today that the population selected for the SWORD trials was similar to the patients he sees. "Most of the our patients maintain suppression of virus for long periods. There are relatively few patients who are co-infected with hepatitis B – about 5% of the population," Eron said. Use of dolutegravir and rilpivirine as a two-drug regimen for HIV-1 maintenance therapy is investigational and not approved anywhere in the world, Llibre noted. He said that the SWORD trials did not indicate that the regimen could be used in patients as first-line therapy or in patients who did not have a suppressed viral load. The SWORD trials represent a combined effort of drug companies ViiV healthcare and Janssen. Kimberly Smith, MD, vice president and head of global research for ViiV Healthcare, told MedPage Today that the firms are testing a combination tablet for pharmacokinetics and then will submit an application for approval with the FDA later this year. The study was sponsored by ViiV and Janssen. Llibre disclosed relevant relationships with Bristol-Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences, Janssen-Cilag, Merck Sharp & Dohme, and ViiV. Smith is an employee of ViiV. Eron disclosed relevant relationships with AbbVie Inc.; Gilead Sciences, Inc.; GlaxoSmithKline; Janssen Pharmaceuticals; Merck & Co., Inc.; Tibotec, Inc.; Tobira Therapeutics; ViiV Healthcare and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. Reviewed by F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE Assistant Professor, Section of Nephrology, Yale School of Medicine and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2017-02-14T14:15:00-0500 Primary Source Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections Source Reference: Llibre J, et al "Phase III SWORD 1&2:switch to DTG+RPV maintains virologic suppression through 48 wks," CROI 2017; Abstract 44LB. take posttest 0 comments More in Meeting Coverage Prevention Scale-Up Cuts New HIV Cases IDSA Video Conference Reporter: CROI 2017 Cancer Drugs' Benefit Continues After Drug Stopped Treatment of HIV-Infected Neonates Suppresses Virus About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Corner Bench Memos Bench Magazine Subscribe Login Donate The Corner The one and only. New Jersey Democrats: We Pledge To Punish Your Employer! Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Jim Geraghty February 14, 2017 9:36 AM From the Tuesday edition of the Morning Jolt: New Jersey Democrats: We Pledge To Punish Your Employer! One of the most fascinating things to watch in the coming four years will be New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker’s rapid, not-so-convincing transformation from a Wall-Street-friendly, quasi-moderate “new ideas” Democrat into the taller, better-looking Bernie Sanders. I remember a reporter from a mainstream publication who had covered Booker for a long while, coming to an increasingly cynical perspective about him. This was a few years ago, so I’m paraphrasing, but the gist was, “you watch Booker go out to Silicon Valley and see him speak about finding new solutions as mayor and connecting with as many people as possible and school choice and technology, and you walk away really excited. You think, ‘wow, that guy could be the next big thing.’ And then you see him go to these other audiences… and it’s always the same thing. This reporter concluded that Booker was less The Next Big Thing and more a carefully-calibrated, contrived image covering the usual political ambitions and willingness to move on from difficult problems. Anyway, it appears “I won’t be a squish like that Cory Booker guy” is turning into a theme in the New Jersey Democratic gubernatorial primary. Assemblyman John Wisniewski took his gubernatorial campaign to South Jersey today, criticizing fellow Democrat Cory Booker for joining Senate Republicans to vote down an amendment sponsored by Sen. Bernie Sanders that would have allowed Americans to purchase cheaper prescription drugs from Canada. “That vote against it was about protecting the pharmaceutical industry,” said Wisniewski, who served as chairman of Sanders’ presidential campaign in New Jersey campaign chairman, told a forum in Evesham sponsored by Our Revolution New Jersey, a grass roots group whose genesis was Sanders’ 2016 presidential campaign. Wisniewski pledged to put pressure on New Jersey-based drug manufacturers “on day one,” if he is elected Governor. Easy there, chief. Pharmaceutical companies aren’t quite the same powerhouse of the New Jersey economy that they used to be, but they’re still a big, big employer. It’s the country’s third biggest hub for drug-makers and the state’s biggest private sector employers include Johnson & Johnson, Merck, Bristol-Meyers Squibb, Novartis, and Bayer. According to state figures, the pharmaceutical industry employs 47,850 people, which may not sound like a lot but the average salaries are comparably huge: $145,620 in 2015. But if New Jersey Democrats want to campaign on a pledge to stop “protecting” and start “putting pressure” on the state’s biggest employers… go right ahead, guys. The Corner The one and only. Full Blog Load More NR Tweets National Review Those Finely Worded Denials Don’t Pass the Smell Test https://t.co/XBQ3TjOUeY https://t.co/7ld2MSs0Nm @NRO National Review Humana to Pull out of Obamacare Exchanges for 2018 https://t.co/crbKGNfbfY https://t.co/KSJz7VOXv2 @NRO National Review Secondhand Smoke, Not That Dangerous https://t.co/4VIFdHtk82 https://t.co/hhtx90OFsH @NRO Photo Essay Westminster Dog Show   About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
