Walking right past the Salvation Army lady outside Walmart because I don't donate to organizations that hate me for who I am.
Brother 17-Stitch Sewing Machine (Refurbished)  29.97 ...

 Deals

Read more: 
 JosephRKeyes  MichigantoAZ  What is that cute WalMart saying "Cant Read,Can't Write"  adorable little Walvarine
 BearcatBromo We'll get you the help you need! Call the Walmart Electronics Payment Hotline: 479-277-2643 to get a copy of your receipt.-Rad
 RogueOne Exclusives! Found the Walmart 3-pack w/Cassian, Jyn, & K-2SO & the TRU 2-pack w/Cassian & stormtrooper.… 
 AristosZachary That one place, going out past Walmart. With the soccer field. Blanchards.
Only I would be stuck in Walmart when the weather gets extreme. Being in the back with everyone is making my claustrophobia kick in.😅
 Walmart bought all of this for my 3ds.  Yet, the purchase I made is oversold.  What? I bought in the first 10 mins. 
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
 lahtaee_ walmart
"Move Bitch" by Ludacris came on as I was driving out of a busy Walmart parking lot.. most perfectly timed thing that's happened in my life
 realDonaldTrump my dad said .. "if they want to round up all the mexicans all they got to do is come to  Walmart"
 FREEMYNIGGABOBBY  he ain't do shit, they just got him on lockdown in Walmart 😂😂😂 
Corningware French White 6-Piece Bakeware Set -  19.88: Walmart offers Corningware French White 6-Piece Bakeware… 
 JakeTheProducer depends, double-sided and fancy foils can be expensive, but, 
Yeah so moms you totally don't need a 40 to 80  maternity pillow. Just like 3 firm pillows & a body pillow. Got mine for like 8  at Walmart
 KohiSparkleman oh-- but walmart is less expensive 
You sold me a damaged tv. 
 billboard  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble
 Movies  MMA… 
 TheManaSource AND NOW MY WALMART HAVING TONS OF THIS DECK UNWANTED AT A DISCOUNT HAVE BECOME MY JACKPOT!
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Also you're know you're sick when you're going to Walmart in fuzzy socks and birks and literally do not care 💁🏻
 WalmartcomUS  Straighttalk Walmart start paying your employees and give them health insurance 🖕
 ToysRUs Walmart here we come !!!!!!!  Walmart
 Walmart it's sad you won't honor your own price match policies when buying online because you claim "it came from a third party vendor"
Went to Walmart once, spent 50  on healthy food and ate none. The following week, spent 30  on cookies, cereal & etc was gone the next week
IS THIS INSIDE OF A WALMART 
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Egg  McMuffin®  Extra  Value  Meal  with  medium  coffee - Save  1.50 on Any  Egg... 
Drunk dumbasses at walmart
The amount of times I've been called over the walmart speaker is unreal
This old fucker is like a  Walmart ice cream sandwich; he just won't goddamn melt.! 
 NBCLatino where do you get these stats? Walmart newsletter does not a source make
It's always good bumping into ol  friends even if it is at Walmart, Steve selman good seeing you
Y'all can buy guns from Walmart down here but always calling the 12
"I'll save my walmart trip for 10:30 when you want a milkshake and I'll get you a milkshake" - kylie 
actually the nicest thing ever
When you applied to Walmart for HR but they offer you a cart-moving job 
There is always those 2 cars in the very back of the Walmart parking lot and you KNOW they doing a drug deal.
 DocandRudy small packets activated by air, I purchased my at Walmart. Last up to 10 hours
Just had a standoff in with a 12 year old kid in the aisle of Walmart. Solid 20 seconds of "no you can go" 😂😂
I just checked in at Walmart Express with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Help!! My hubby looks like a scrubby brush type but he's wearing basketball shorts over Walmart long johns with hol… 
I really NEED to go to Walmart and get things I need but my bed is just telling me no
Fuck it im going to Walmart and buying a ps4
If it's sugar cookies or abs, it's me in the car on my way to Walmart
 hc007x Sorry about the delay! Please contact us at so we can assist. -Isa
 RealAsFxck yeah like vs Walmart or cvs I wouldn't get those. But my mom used target w/ my brother and I use them now and like them
Fight between grandmothers leaves one shot in Texas Walmart parking lot 
 WaterWipesWalmart are available in  Walmart retailers nationwide!  contest Look for your closest retailer here: 
 Walmart just burn down your store on E. Capital in Milwaukee. It's horrible. Fire everyone, shut it down and turn into something else plz
Follow  WaterWipesUSA, the world's purest baby wipe, for info on chemical free wipes!  WaterWipesWalmart  contest 
Enter here to win a  100 Walmart gift card from  WaterWipesUSA  contest  WaterWipesWalmart
Please sign ➙ Tell Walmart to stop putting workers and  OceanLife at risk  conservation… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dallas, TX 
Walmart Truck Driver Pleads Guilty in Tracy Morgan Crash  NYCnowApp
Keeping up a fine tradition of being a shitty corporate citizen =>  Walmart 
Don't know why I didn't because I sure went to meijer and Walmart today
Do you ever feel overwhelmed by the amount of shit inside a Walmart? And then multiply that by like 10,000 for all the other walmarts.
❤❤❤ Fashion  Celebrity KELLY CLARKSON Wrapped In Red 2013 Walmart Exclusive  CD +  DVD USA SEALED F1833… 
 townshoes that I had to look at them and to realize they're not at all the boots I ordered. Maybe I should go to Walmart next time since
Heh Walmart is fun
 R_Koertgen Aw man, so sorry for the wait! Were you able to pick-up your order? -Rad
 TLotto12 I just walked into Walmart with a fresh cut, got 💯 more hoes now
 fatbellybella  Walmart  You aren't aware how bad they treat workers.
Granny's out here thuggin 
100 mg Viagra Price Walmart & Sildenafil Vs Viagra & Free Samples Of Viagra & Viagra Online Prescription 
 logan_thatguy I missed pushing that shit from Walmart to your house.  alwaysbreakingdown
Most Walmart thing to ever happen 
i hate going to walmart alone bc creepy ass old men like to be polite with me and i'm not about that type of friendliness 😂😅
Walmart truckers land  55 million settlement for non-driving time pay via  sharethis
Officers shoot, kill man armed with martial arts staff in Olathe Walmart parking lot via  fox4kc
"Get yer best sweat pants on maw were going to Walmart!" 
I'm actually stuck in a Walmart during a tornado. Is this hell?
I liked a  YouTube video Noah Misbehaves at Walmart on Black Friday!
 MrBeastYT rub ketchup on the back of your head in a walmart
It's what you do if you are a ignorant. 
Likewise, people who carry AK-47s to WalMart to prove a point.
Why?  We are your your neighbors.
An employee at Walmart attacked me today oh my god I don't think I've ever been this furious in my life
life tip - WALMART HAS SUCH CUTE CHOKERS FOR LIKE FOUR DOLLARS 
 eyesiteNY   REI will in fact make me wanna shop there more hence increasing their biz&stores like Walmart now actualy scare me away  greed
So You think wrestling is fake?! Next time ur at walmart, buying hungry-man's, have ur boy give u a piledriver. See if that feels fake
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Shopper Reacts To Getting Caught Leaving Baby In Hot Car
 MistahJoey Walmart too 😭
I just entered to  win a  100 Walmart Gift Card. Have you entered?  free  sweeps 
Took er to Walmart 

Cashier flirts

My mom: THIS IS MY HUSBoeingND 
I'm crying lmaoooo
Fight between grandmothers leaves one shot in Walmart parking lot 
ABC NEWS - Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal  PaginaNuova  TV
 YankeeMark203 I've had plenty of good clothes from Old Navy and Walmart
 becfonduh  Sorry to see this. Please call 888-658-6325, M-F, 7:00 AM - 5:30 PM Central Time, so that we can take care of you. -Isa
trying to get ry to sound out where and I said it's kinda like a place bug & she's says "WALMART" I say no, she says "oh, rue 21"😂😂😂
Arizona Walmart Ad Matching List ~ 11/30/16 – 12/6/16 
Well thanks  SamsClub for ruining a Christmas gift by shipping an item without a box.  Walmart  SamsClub  Walmart 🙄  neveragain
 ArianaaaILYSM the Walmart version of each 🐸☕️
I hate walmart
Trying to get ahold of a customer service rep but  Walmart blows. The cashier is clueless and no one can help me. Where is my order?
 glennbeck my wife and I are hoping to be picked to take the wreaths from Maine to Grove city my Walmart DC pics 10 drivers to make the trip
Check this out  RamaSatria_  Clay Shelburn & Zac Stokes- using walmart guitar toy - Pride and Joy . So fun!
The Process Of Buying A Home Demands More Than A Walmart Greeter 
 hbshizzlegirl Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
This black dude in Walmart is killing me 😂😂😂😂
When I see someone I trained at Walmart I really just wanna say I'm sorry I didn't tell you that this place sucks ass to work for.
>leave home at 6am so dad thinks Im looking for a job
>go to Walmart and play wii sports in the electronic section for like 2 fucking hours
 a_corsale  TaylerKesling Allan Walmart couldn't handle that loss
 Geraldanthro Sounds like a prepper - likely married to a super-couponer & have bunker full of spam, guns & ammo they got a Walmart. Whoohoo
I just bought 11 movies from Walmart.. bout to log in some serious hours on my couch 📺
 Walmart forces me to reset my password for suspicious activity then limits me to a 12 character password :/
Do you think this is a war between Walmart and Visa? I agree that it could actually be a tussle between Walmart and…
Walmart lesson: always be nice to the maintenance guys, and old ladies always have the dopest eyeshadow
 Jukebawks man I'm inside a Walmart like twice a week. And you're right every time I leave it crosses my mind.
 ShawnMichaels heartbreak & triumph is at walmart :) i accidentally saw it in the cart it was suppose to be my b day gift :) opps!
 punkluvr Didn't got bought out by Walmart?
This Walmart is completely opposite and I'm walking around lost af now hahaha
I swear Walmart specifically hires idiots, like if you have an iq over 80 you're over qualified.
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <S>^i> 
Argument Between Grandmas Ends in Shootout at Texas Walmart 
LIVE on  Periscope: Walmart man lol 
Idk if it's just me but the big dancing Santa's in Walmart are SO creepy
if we went to HS together, haven't spoke in a while & you see me in walmart, Leave me alone! 🙃🙃🙃
Kia and I won a Walmart gift card😭
 julie_marcus This pic is actually from 2007 and from a store in Greenwich Village called Balducci's, w/c is not affiliated w/Walmart. -Rad
Just saw my girls in Winfield Walmart parking lot looking so good ❤️😍
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal WATCH at: 
Whole Body Research Garcinia Cambogia At Walmart? - 
Retweeted VladTV ( vladtv):

Argument Between Grandmas Ends in Shootout at Texas Walmart 
WALMART Black Friday ads are here!!!! 
Will Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Factory Maintenance?
 laurenmjenks my wife made me go to Walmart last night to pick up her stuff 🙄
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart 
Walmart didn't even have them hoes 😭😭😭 
 walmart my online order was supposed to be available for pick-up today, are there delays because of black friday?
You'd think during holiday times  walmart would hire competent return associates.
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail 
Walmart* 
Garcinia Cambogia Formula Research: Know Before You Buy - 
Man Loses Over 300 Pounds And Totally Transforms His Body By Walking To Walmart 
8 Scandalous Truths About Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 Lynz_C13  CarlyBenz1 they sale them at Walmart too
WATCH: Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal: Roper may avoid trial for… 
I have to go to Walmart and I really don't want to go to Napoleon but I REALLY don't want to go all the way back to BG
Man seen in  Murfreesboro Walmart videoing women 
Man seen in  Murfreesboro Walmart videoing women: The employees told police the man focuses his camera on their…… 
Murfreesboro News: Man seen in  Murfreesboro Walmart videoing women: The employees told police the man focuses his…… 
 colorlad  catsaremylyfe the one in bentonville, by the bentonville  Walmart
 PRT  BabyFood  Gerber 2nd Foods Chicken and Chicken Gravy Baby Food 2.5 oz 
 SaVonniYestanti Uh oh. Its a raise to 10  an hour...not 15. Didn't you know that? 
I liked a  YouTube video Old lady at walmart
 walmart has proven to be a horrible ordering experience. It's so bad that I would prefer to pay more anywhere else.
 billburr  theMMPodcast walmart, gnc, a couple of pharmacies and some regional retailer. You can email at randycruzscienceproject gmail.com
Walmart Neighborhood Market Brings New Jobs and Fresh Groceries to New Iberia  Opines on  Healthcare
12 stations and only 3 are open.. might as well be Walmart  DMV  getittogether
Walmart Invites America to a Free Health Check-Up Saturday, Oct. 15  Opines on  Healthcare
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oklahoma City, OK 
 ethanpunani wtf I cleaned it last night before we went to Walmart
Walmart 
2nd trip to walmart for the day 🙂
I see people in Walmart cheating all the time. 😭😭😭 yo, the girl you hugged up on in electronics was not your WCE this week. 💀
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in North Port, FL 
Eric Sneed 
 nealkinlovski I GOT THEM ON CLEARANCE AT WALMART. WORTH IT.
 lemonadesariana  biebtorontovo y'all ain't gonna know of a Justin Bieber, but you will know old billy Dustin beaver from walmart💀💀
 Sharp_tK  sharp yo  Brother look like you been working at Walmart to get the  5.50 an hour looking head ass
Just seen Chingy at Walmart stealing cosmic brownies smh
I liked a  YouTube video from  trendcrave Top 10 CRAZIEST PEOPLE At WALMART! (Weird, Funny & Psycho People At
Admittedly I've never|been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + womex in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
K’NEX 70 Model Building Set For  17.88, Down From  24.50!  Walmart  K_NEX
Cute first date: take her to Walmart for dinner then spend a romantic night in the parking lot
My family left for walmart at 3 and they're still gone
whenever i watch joe santagato's people of walmart videos i think of jess in his blue vest
Pulling up to Walmart and raging to my music alone 👌🏽
 mal6586 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Code Black in the Walmart! So we're having a big hangout in the shoe department! This is not where I saw my evening going.
When u see your manager at tops so you decide to drive all the way to Walmart to avoid him
I'm at  Walmart in Toms River, NJ 
When Walmart calls to tell me my groceries are ready to be picked up😀😀😀  NoHassle 
 TomStark913 Thx for the fdbk. We always love hearing from our customers even if the news isn't great.Can you let us know the store loc?-Rad
Go to Walmart and feel like I'm in a third world country...
*Playing hangman at work with a second grader*
Me: Ok, category is restaurants
Him:W?
Me:Nope
Him: Ugh I thought it was Walmart
Me: ???
because if I can just burn a walmart made-in-China flag for a free flight to another country and I don't have to came back it sounds good.
New Project Listing: Walmart NHM  4582 New Rebid Navarre,FL 
Order plans at any LDI location 
egg NUT fruit LAPTOP 3 EGG 8 = HULU APPLE coffee tokyo 5 walmart - coffeedrip music _ tokyo GOLF PARK music walmart NUT apple 8 ! 7 skype go
You steadily calling me a snake but you're faker than the plastic ones in Walmart ????????? 🐸☕️
Was just enjoying some raspberries with my children until we reached the bottom of it. Thanks  walmart for the grea… 
Help us decide what movies to show in the spring: (students who fill out the survey could win a Walmart giftcard!)
The Walmart in WMC is overran with birds rn... wtf???
New on Ebay! Star Wars Black Series 6" WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMTROOPER MISB Lot of 3! 
I hate coming to Walmart🙄😂
I was trying to go to Walmart but it's so much traffic it's making me nervous 😩
Walmart needs to get shopping baskets, cause sometimes I don't need a damn cart
Paw Patrol pajamas for my niece and nephew (at  Walmart in San Leandro, CA) 
So either get my car towed or risk someone breaking into my car because this Walmart is sketchy as all fuckin hell
I look like poo but I'm at Walmart
Went to Walmart to get supplies for my final project and came back with a Christmas tree
Mini Cupcake Golden Oreo Cookie Balls   Oreo  Walmart via  
Walmart Truck Driver Pleads Guilty in Tracy Morgan Crash 
Found volume 2 at walmart a couple months back. Waited for the others to be cheap. Finally pulled the trigger. 
My apartment told me they were gonna tow my car because my registration is out so now I have to park at Walmart & walk 🙂🙃🙂🙃🙂🙃
"Hurry, get to  Walmart and save!"  funny  humor  lol 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Your cookie platters needs these Chocolate Candy Cane  Cookies! 
  ad  recipe... by  jennielynn35 via  c0nvey
 ChanelVsWalmart walmart tbh
 HenriTake2 We're sorry to hear about your experience. Please speak to management about your concerns, so we can improve. -Isa
Listo   35.68   Walmart Kissimmee - W Vine St 
 PaulPabst  HiMyNameIsSeton  andrewperloff where can we see the  dpshow  Walmart commercial? Thanks
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <AqiW> 
TRACY MORGAN Ex-Walmart Truck Driver STRIKES DEAL TO AVOID JAIL 
Man shot to death driving toward off-duty officer at Walmart in Cahokia 
Ran out of Popsicles , to Walmart I go ! 🙃
Walmart killed dad on Father’s Day trip? Terrible tire lawsuit 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Kissimmee - W Vine St 
Fight between grandmothers leaves one shot in Walmart parking lot...  Atlanta  ATL  news  
Kids go free when you buy a new toy at select  Walmart locations to benefit  ToysforTots. Read more! 
Oikos Drink Deal At Walmart! 
New on Ebay!Star Wars in the USA Star Wars Black Series 6" WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMT… 
I got a job at Walmart time to quit this twitter shit
Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage 
 Boeing climbed 1.3%, Pfizer add 1.2%,  WaltDisneyCo rose 0.7%,  UPS added 0.5% and  Walmart rose 0.3%,
The Door greeter at Walmart told me "thanks for coming in" and I said you too ...🙂🙃💀
Had a pretty bizarre shopping list at wallmart today.   Walmart De Funiak Springs 
 TheBoxfriend Our apologies! What item did you order? -Rad
'Walmart is playing a dangerous role in the normalization of Burzum t-shirts'
 LynneGuire  taverino I'm more interested in large companies like McDonald's and Walmart that rely on underpaying employees.
Go out 2 of 2 - walmart admitted nearness: YJidzQc
 walmartFinally!
 hailey_krueger pretty cheap here, give it a shot
 dasme same as Walmart...
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal via  GMA
 Walmart any word on the NES classic restock?
Damn I literally just used the girls restroom in Walmart 😂 no fucking mms
 Tammyttt What happened? -Rad
Speaking of the  theqflex, here it is at  walmart!!! So happy for  realandreacao for making her… 
At Walmart and boomquesha and billy bob arguing about him tapping her car. He keeps walking and she ain't having it. She's in a pento btw
Carlyle Walmart has self-checkouts. 🙌
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Tamarac, FL 
caylinjaye shimmering lights at walmart  9 if you feel scrub your hair and let it sit for 5 minutes it will pull the yellow out !
Went into Walmart to get keys made but I bought an Xbox One instead oops.
 amazon  BestBuy  GameStop  Target  ToysRUs  Walmart real nice job (sarcasm).
 Walmart cont. I'm just very dissatisfied in this whole experience and I just want my game ASAP when it's back in store
Y'all will not believe what just happened to me at Walmart
Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage - Read at Business Insider: 
 Frannypack08 smdh Walmart really is trash
 Britt_Is_Fit Would you be able to return the item to your loc store? If you've a printer, you can also print the pre-paid return label.-Rad
REPORT: St. Augustine  Florida woman accused of stealing Magic Mike DVD, batteries, dry salami from  Walmart -… 
Walmart: Women’s Jordache Jeggings Only  8.00 (reg.  16.44) 
 Walmart I show up in store yesterday still 2 of the 3 are ready & nobody could tell me it was out of stock till CS told me today cont.
Going to Walmart is like walking into a third world country
 Lauren_Alaina  CocaCola  Walmart  onewarmcoat I've always felt we are alike in many ways.
My love for Walmart runs deep.
 Walmart killed dad on Father’s Day trip? Terrible tire lawsuit 
 TheSeattle206 you expect better from fredmeyer? just a little pricier walmart
Stopped at Walmart for mac n cheese &sparkling cider🙂😛
 caylinjaye shimmering lights at walmart  9 if you feel scrub your hair and let it sit for 5 minutes it will pull the yellow out !
 Lauren_Alaina  CocaCola  Walmart  onewarmcoat Well, don't you look adorable! I still want to meet you so badly one day.
 _CuttinUp ew don't call me that . Leaving walmart ima call u soon
 MariaGeno02 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Life gets interesting when in the Walmart the come over the PA and say, "Code Black, everyone go to the shoe department."
I hate going to walmart but I need to go fr 😭
 Walmart I have been since they went on sale.
 Walmart I placed the order Sunday morning it said few hours later 2 of the 3 are ready & the 3rd would be ready later that day and cont.
Danny Tarrants the article says they're from SoCal, but I swear, this had to happen at the Altama Walmart LMAO 
I hate Walmart
 gracielarodarte Went to Walmart 😊🔫
 jademariee8 I saw jordyn at Walmart and she was bitching about how needy you were 😂😂 I hope you feel better jadey!
Driver Pleads Guilty in Deadly Crash That Injured Tracy Morgan 
Most of you will be sales reps at Walmart after your cod careers
 HeyDorzay  Eric_C_Fraley I try to stay far away from Walmart! That place puts me in a bad mood.
 SoapNanny walmart!
16) Dina - Superstore
-gets on my nerves 
-she's like the Dwight of Walmart 
-messes w Garret but likes him 
The biggest winners and losers from Black Friday and Cyber Monday: Image: AP IMAGES FOR WALMART By…… 
You can always catch my ass in UGGS and yoga pants from Walmart
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Largo, FL 
 McDonalds  Walmart  realDonaldTrump nobody wants 2 give the real worker a chance at "America dream". Instead owners want 2 keep it all.
Walmart tricked me 😔 I thought my Keurig was in
When people look at you weird in Walmart because you are having a fan girl moment realizing your tweet mentions liked your tweet  fangirl
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail 
can help you
K (at  Walmart Supercenter in Childress, TX) 
Our products are available all over GA Check out & type in ur zip code to find the store cl… 
Caitlin just called boom chicka pop popcorn boom shocka laka... in front of people... In walmart
 VIIV_EUQIN TRU I never thought of Walmart 😱
Walmart always gets me smh
Kentabot found 7 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Books to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
Couple Get Into A Heated Argument With A Woman At Walmart! 
 DianaDenysse grab a broom and mop from Walmart and clean it up
 dmann1471 Thanks for reaching out. Let us know more about what happened so we can help. -Isa
Walmart thinks they funny 
someone go to walmart w/ me
Guess imma go get my fruit smiles from Walmart later 😊😂
Then he barges in the WOMEN's bathroom at Walmart chile. That alone let you know he was guilty as fuck. To this day I laugh about it.
Amen. Fuck Walmart! 
Someone cleaned my Paypal account at Walmart with my card being on my table. I hate people.
Couponing at Walmart: New Coupon Match Ups via Couponing to Disney - Buy (4) IAMS ProActive ... 
Walmart sued over dead Lancaster dad’s aging tire: Store at fault? 
im gonna be bigger than walmart
 Publix the new walmart?all lanes backed up, no hurricane needed 
 SoDamnTrue  mlstallings3 this is what it looks like when you go to Walmart for one thing
Are you a health plan pro? Find out and enter to win (2)  100 Walmart gift cards and more! 2 winners total. 
I'm actually at Walmart oh my god
Ran into both of my parents at Walmart (in my pajamas) and we were all there separately 😂😂😂  lovethem 💕
TELL  Walmart SUCK MY DICK IM GETTING MY PRINTS REGARDLESS 
 MoniseLSeward There's a man behind me in  Walmart on phone arguing with his ex-wife. Him: b/c I have bad credit now. I'll do what I can.😳
Folks criticizing Mnuchin's  IvyLeague/ GoldmanSachs resume.

They'd prefer a high school dropout who works the cash register at  Walmart...
10 Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
I saw Pokémon slippers at Walmart. Which ones should I ask for for Christmas?
When you're really hyped about Christmas  Walmart  WalmartParkingLot 
 ItsWalkman ya my buddy got it for 50 bucks from Walmart after I paid 120 lol for season pass plus the remaster
 BethanyPake07 Walmart got you
Skimmer on Walmart ATM | Mystery  50K Powerball Ticket | Porch Package Thefts | News Nearby 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <O:4e> 
10 Shocking Parenting Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 ColdsideTV  KingArzs is that at Walmart
Really? Where are the parents? 
So i went to walmart in my  BlackCraftCult Sweatshirt and the first person I saw was a guy from my parent's church.  mybad
 SenGillibrand  SenSanders lol.just seen the back rooms of walmart. paying the labor to do everything manually. No way companies can absorb
 WalmartJust not happy!
Sitting in the Walmart parking lot eating two donuts and listening to Mexico's top 50 songs and this is the happiest I've been all day
I rescued my cat from Walmart  myrescuestory
Read my review of Walmart Grocery PickUp: I tried it free (or with a discount).
I don't even look when walking in or out of Walmart, I DARE a motherfucker to hit me while I'm in uniform 
 Walmart Done. Spoke to a nice rep who took care of me. I hope my feedback makes it back to the right places as well. Thanks!
Walmart offers free shipping to home on orders of  50 or more plus free pickup at Walmart stores.  CyberMonday 
I liked a  YouTube video THE JOSH DUN WALMART LOVE STORY
 JordanKersting  Walmart super salty
 Lander_L9 Which store location was this? -Rad
Me at Walmart today… 
Retweeted Good Morning America ( GMA):

Walmart truck driver in Tracy Morgan crash accepts plea deal allowing him... 
Ex-Walmart Truck Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail -... 
 BouseFeenux_TV *puts Walmart on 3way with Sony support.
 Walmart complete opposite of my current experience lol 
 WalshFreedom I'll bet Walmart sold a bunch of Chinese-made American flags today
25 weird and wacky  Walmart gifts: 
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal – ABC News 
 Walmart Yes, and I'm still waiting for them to respond.
My Og got me in Walmart so bogish 😕
love that private universities are businesses when it's convenient, charities otherwise. i wouldn't donate to my local walmart, fuck you
 KristinahhNigga  veryceci_ next time we go to Walmart we going crazy. Winter is approaching it's time to hibernate lmao
 JoyAnnReid they fail to understand that the presidency can't be taken back to WalMart like a fishing rod that doesn't catch fish.
 Walmart had advertised sale on 11/22 (Nintendo Classic Mini). Most of the orders are on backorder. Are those orders going to be cancelled?
 kristenmchugh22 Yes on both counts. I remember the exact moment I bought it. It was at Walmart. I was 12.
 Traveling over the holidays? Don't leave w/out these!  ad 
I'm sitting in a school van right now omw to Walmart with my Teacher driving. This is a first run lol
When 00 Buck is on sale at Walmart 😍 >>>>
To the person who bought over  500 worth of shit from Walmart in Arkansas I HATE YOU.. I was just starting to remember my card number 😐
In Phoenix, the 6-inch Walmart Scarif Stormtrooper seems to have hit hard and wide today. Don't skip hunting on the way home from work.
SAY CHEESE! Pick up your Omni Plus Travel System exclusively at - 
Walmart the messiest place to work you know everybody business smh lol
 fivebelow awesome, thanks 4 replying/I feel better/That's how much my family& most friends love your store/I hate Walmart,  tree,  general.
So I got this email and text and  Walmart can't find my order. They are now looking to see if they have one in-stor… 
This lady in Walmart getting on my damn nerves 😭😭😭
Weird People From Walmart Where Weirdness Rules
People Of Walmart   
Thank you  Walmart for my Teach Tote  WalmartTeachTote  brandshareus
Will Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Oral Sex?
 tyleroakley picked up a copy of Binge at Walmart, can't wait to start reading it! 
Thanks West Morristown  Walmart for donating 350 bottles of water to take to the  RedCross evacuation shelter in… 
Gave a dollar to Santa's little helper at Walmart and she asked if I was using my allowance for it...😐
 LemonAKAJerry behind the Walmart in 20
you be seeing everybody at sp Walmart 😂😂
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <Bu\X> 
 Retweet  Specials  South Shore Summertime Bookcase Twin Headboard White and 
This little piece of plastic has me so excited!!!  Walmart just gave us enough money to co… 
WATCH: Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal 
The overzealous  DIRECTV salesperson at Walmart will make me lie faster than anything on this planet.
WATCH: Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal  ExposeTheGoods
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART 
Do they think that elections are like buying Sporting Goods at WalMart, and there's a 30 day exchange policy if you just don't like it?
Great results from  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  SheSpeaksUp 
I HATE coming to walmart
Went into Walmart for a bottle of wine and walked out with a TV... No wine. See, I can't go into Walmart anymore.
12 Mind-blowing Facts About Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
OUTRAGEOUS: A physical altercation between two grandmothers ended in one shooting the other at a Dallas Walmart... 
Why do you let  google charge Ad clicks when customer searches directly for ur biz.?? Things should change!  Inc… 
Motivational wall display in the men's bathroom at Walmart. 
 Knee_Sun96  Walmart depends what side of town you're on. 😅
 THR Walmart driver was forced by Walmart to drive beyond physical and psychological abilities and he's got the record Messed up system
 Monaae_ Lmaoo y'all love going to Walmart
 Walmart Madden 2K17. The item was in stock at other locations as well as the site to store location I selected. I want the sale price.
Walmart
Read my review of Walmart Grocery PickUp: I tried it free (or with a discount). 
🎉Congrats to our winners!Owen Cappellini won a 1 yr sub. to the Adobe CC. Brandon Walters & Rachel Duff each won a… 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail: The guy behind the… 
 JayGee2008 is the junkyard  Walmart
 sonaralee I'm trying to play the new Dishonored 2. It's laggy on ultra settings on the laptop I got at a Walmart black Friday sale
 Memorabilia c1990 Walmart Advil Store Display Poster Nolan Ryan  Texas  Rangers 16x20  Vintage  Sports
When you think you get a text from a cute boy but it's really just Walmart informing you that your prescription is… 
Hope I get the job at Walmart😩
 PoisonIbe  Walmart  walmart  Walmart hook a girl up would ya
 ReTweet  Specials  South Shore Summertime Bookcase Twin Headboard White and 
 StarWars Star Wars Black Series 6" WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMTROOPER MISB Lot of 3!  Episode
Trying out  Walmart's grocery pickup and I'm impressed 😊
 delboner_ fuck Walmart.
I'm in Walmart to get rope and my mother just saw one of her 'friends' and she started running the other way.
Lady at walmart asked me to get something off the high shelf for her and it made my day. I'm 5'9'' made me feel like I was 6'5''
 _kenyal Walmart
 kaleighmcmahon_ look  Walmart I got you a sale!!! Can I have free things now pls & thnk u
You can't have box without Walmart.
Ive got a super easy trick to transform a really cheap walmart garland into something beautiful… 
My mama finna be in Walmart all fucking day man
Rain-X Expert Fit Beam Wiper Blade from  6 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the <a... 
My nutra bullet broke & walmart better give me a new one
The guy ringing the bell for Salvation Army today at Walmart literally almost made me cry, he was singing so loud and so proud! So sweet
Lmao jk I got a  600 credit line from Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Niceville, FL 
The College life is about as organized as the Walmart  5 DVD bin.
The so-called "white working class" actually just works at Walmart & K-Mart selling stuff made by the Chinese working class.
Who is Walmart's biggest rising  grocery competitor? (Hint: It isn't Amazon)  via… 
 myranda_faye like, even if I don't do Lucy for this meetup I'm gonna make this for a winter photo shoot with Walmart fabric for   reasons
Bomb threat at Walmart
saw a cute star wArs christmas sweater at walmart🙄🙄🙄
 Walmart cont. that it's out of stock after it said it be ready Sunday. Y'all took my   but I don't have all what I paid for still
Kentabot found 53 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Food to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
Tbt to that time some guy offered to buy me furniture at walmart and then his girl came around the corner ready to cuss me out
 logan_edmondson thank you for shopping at Walmart
 Walmart oh and the response I received ( Classic) well you'll keep building the amount of money this way..... What???
 SenSanders Butt look at the Bright side, Toilet Paper at Walmart is cheaper.
good evening The Abyss i'm going to walmart and never coming back
went to Walmart & Done forgot 2 bags😡.
"I'm a Publix girl on a Walmart budget."
Why am I constantly OVERCHARGED  Walmart? 3 x in 10 days. Wait in line then line at cust svc. Response: Everything's not in system. Really?!
 Walmart you're online department is horrible for in store pickup. Sunday I placed my order got part of it but I just found out today cont.
 Retweet  Specials  Calvin Klein Eternity for Women 
When going to Walmart alone is your quiet time.  momlife
Corps must pay high taxes for ginas garden center to have a chance to compete with the likes of walmart. Small business = jobs.  tytlive
 DominicoArtist  a sack of hot wings from Walmart than cook; )
 backstockhype this one that comes in from walmart on thursday is all yours
I made my dad take me to Walmart to buy the salads  blueyemae always brings to lunch bc they look so good😊
i never think anything of wearing creepers as a casual choice of footwear until i go to a place like walmart & become something to stare at😂
 wiml2  mattyglesias All the states that doesn't allow the Union are prosperous or say Walmart employees are the richest in the world. Nice.
I will NEVER talk bad about  Target again...  Walmart
 SaVonniYestanti  SinCityMac  ac0e if you were to pay the CEO of Walmart 0 dollars you could increase the yearly salary of each Walmart
 richardcoopern1  SugarGretel I don't have a sister so I'll go to WALMart
 kincannon_show Walmart imports all their shit, moves to town, shuts down mom & pops, then hire them for  7.35 an hour.  Fuck then the most.
walmart has everything and everyone ;)
Thank you Walmart for the  2000 grant. We were glad to help with the first academy graduation  Walmart  lcps17
Was looking at a movie stand at walmart and a guy comes accross, picks up the full stand, and starts walking away with it. That's my life.
Now I'm on my last break and free bird comes on, I don't have enough time to finish it, but I guess walmart will have to wait
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <iPx5> 
Walmart right now alone with the kids...let the war begin
just started whipping in the middle of walmart 
this little boy at walmart kept smiling at me and waving at me so when i got close to him he put his arms up for a hug and he didn't let go
This is the 2nd time im photographing  Walmart Store No. 3067 for stuff in front of  NCMEC MISSING KIDS. Well?  smh 
 Mistro_Kitkat Boycott  Walmart
 joshnicholls_ Aw man, that's a bummer! Can you contact us at: 1-800-924-9206 and we'll see what we can do to make it up to you? -Rad
Come soon near Walmart 
Preach!!!

 vaping  vape  mcdonalds  walmart  walmartclearance  turduckhen  turducken… 
Went into Walmart for a few things and spent  100..
 meghanrubyy I literally live for Walmart😅  noshame hahaha
Walmart, why do u have 2 aisles of kid juices & only 1 of alcohol? You do know that kids are broke & your market is stressed out moms right?
 Walmart I suggest a revamp of your real-time technology capabilities. Four to six weeks is unheard of in innovative retail establishments.
Alrighty then I wonder if this is at a Walmart near me? 
 nsomniacsheepdg but Walmart....? Well I guess I can't say much since I'll work Waffle House
 lightvvoods sure you can. I'm only going to the Walmart photo thingy & getting them done like that. It's fast & cheap & get decent quality
MUST BE VERY ENTERTAINING TO WORK AT WM!
People Of Walmart - WTF Fails Compilation 
via  YouTube
 alphagents89  aigkenham Walmart
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Big  Mac®  Extra  Value  Meal  with  medium  coffee - Save  1.50 on Any  Extra... 
Walmart is selling off all their thanksgiving cookies and cupcakes that are in date until Christmas so I'm stocking up
Things you can't unsee at Walmart  crack 
y'all these old hoes at Walmart sumn boyy
 _kenyal try this. Walmart has small packs 
Getting ready for Christmas parties? Easy cookie recipes here!  ad  OluseyeAshiru
 THESOBERSONNY  Domami_ her double life Walmart is just a cover up
 Cr8DigitalAsset We always want you to have the best experience with us. What's going on? -Rad
 Keljo1991 My local Neighborhood Walmart is now 100% self checkout
Remember my dad snapped on someone in line at Walmart bc this dude was standing too close behind him breathing down his neck lol
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <nV=:> 
 tori_pelphrey which Walmart?
 PRT  Specials  South Shore Summertime Bookcase Twin Headboard White 
While In Line At Walmart, Stranger Says Her Son Is Repulsive, Her Reaction Will Make Your Heart Ache 
Good Samaritan shot to death at San Antonio Walmart 
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 10 Awesome Drunk Driving Secrets
My phone won't even capitalize walmart 😒
Why don't I medicate before going to Walmart??   crazy
Lady at Walmart to cashier: "I'm buying my boyfriend this soda 'cept he can't have it because he has a uti. And boy is it a bad one"
 LainaB4 Walmart
Enter to win A  165 Walmart Gift Card! from  SweepWidget
Walmart is slacking I ordered my stuff about a week ago and it still says processing all my stuff from Amazon and Best Buy already got here
I deadass know you're at Walmart b  amarashepherd
*Walmart! 
Wanna see something funny? Go to Walmart and look at the people in the Lost Dreams Aisle.... every aisle... hilarious
 PoisonIbe  Walmart I actually just got one because I'm a big fan of how big everything is inside of mini bottles
 carlokuhrt  Artist_Angie not surprising. Walton's net worth: 00000001% of total US wealth. Walmart stock best in 2yrs  78 doesn't compute
 AdorableGirl78  Sorry about the wait. Were you able to speak to  customer service management about your experience. -Isa
Someone at Walmart just stole the Salvation Army bucket outside&a bunch of customers tackled him & held him until the cops got here.  merica
Walmart: Brother 17-Stitch Sewing Machine Only  29.97 (reg.  65) 
 Walmart Seriously I just wanted to get out of there....I've tried to use the money I have for months!  Is there no training for employees?
Bus 1 is full. Stuff the bus 2016   Walmart Supercenter Virginia Beach - Virginia Beach Blvd 
 ThatGurl_RaRa All items in our Black Friday deals are available while supplies last, and many of them sold out very quickly. -Rad
 MrBeastYT I dare you to go to your local Walmart and try to buy something that isn't from Walmart
 PRT  Specials  Personalized Honeycomb Cotton Baby Blanket 
Whys it so hard to find someone who's down for random late night rides to nowhere or trips to super Walmart high af for dog treats?
Alex from Walmart 😍😍 
 FriedKilamari I guess I'm used to food town cheap, I payed like  6 for Chapstick I found at Walmart for  2 ;-;
 brie_brieee I'm too cheap for that I use this gel from Walmart that's  5 it's bombbbb
The more I shop at Target the more I hate walmart.
All my exes in Texas, is the only thing Walmart seems to want to play today  walmart  lame  worklife
lmfaooo. he said " your at walmart 3x's a day. tell me how long it takes " 😂😂😂
Bitch at the Walmart was ready to get slap 😂
I think I found my soulmate in Jasper Walmart. 😍
. AshaTyson_ on  Periscope: 12 Days of Ways  29 Can Make You   ! Day 4  bic  walmart  MMM  lunchandlearn 
(2/2)  Nov. 21. Last seen leaving Portage Walmart at 3:30 pm. Info? Call 204-857-
 shannoncoulter fyi  Jet aka is owned by  Walmart.   GrabYourWallet 
I went to Walmart just to get chicken wings and eat in the car while I go home im
I need to go to walmart but I don't want to get out of bed
Just so happened to have my camera; while at Walmart. Couldn't resist. A married black man with… 
Walmart truck driver pleads guilty in Tracy Morgan crash 
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs STREAKING IN WALMART! (Doing YOUR Dares!) (Streaking, Pranks,
walmart needa let my mama gooo‼️‼️ cant be here by myself😩😩😩😩😩
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
Try a new body wash from  Dove!  PamperWithPeony  Walmart  ad 
. Target,  walmart both say mobile dominated their Thanksgiving weekend orders 
DJ DERRTY D NEWS Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes A Deal To Avoid Jail Time 
When you don't feel like paying for nail polish so you paint your toes and Walmart 😭
 _loveesyd For the rest of my Walmart life. 😩
 tooIe_ Walmart again
Walmart ~ Women's Jordache Leggings Only  8 (reg.  16.44) - 
Im at Walmart buying Christmas gifts for a needy family that my mom signed up to help +it really makes me appreciate how blessed I really am
 walmartForrest City................... Waiting............. Pharmacy walgreens
 StephenEdelman I had a job in Walmart while I'm high school making 20k. Again. That's kids work. We as adults should have ambition for more
The people in Walmart...😩😓
Off-duty officer involved in fatal shooting outside Cahokia Walmart 
 mahajan_rd Sorry to hear our service hasn't been up to scratch for your recent visit. We'll take a note of your fdbk so we can improve.-Rad
my life revolves around walmart
 realDonaldTrump Where are these flag burners going to get exiled to, Canada? Maybe Walmart should stock up on flags & zippos. 😒
I put a frozen dinner I didn't want anymore back in the shoe aisle at Walmart and didn't get caught. Gangsta.
 walmartWondering when I will get out of WalMart tonight....................
To my surprise, there were several hella nice looking ladies at Walmart 😳I see you Somerset. You've got my attention.
Sack la rational predicted hereby bharti walmart careers: TJxbQVr 
Ran in to Michele Duggar at Springdale, AR Walmart today. Very nice lady. Thanks for the pic Mrs. Duggar. 👍 
The people that walk through Walmart parking lot want you to hit them man
New on Ebay! Star Wars Black Series 6" WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMTROOPER MISB Lo 
 jackathenponke dude watch out he's gonna FUCK ur shit up in the middle of Walmart man
I'll  feelbetterfromtoptobottom when I win this  walmart gift card from  bekahchica! 
 Walmart what was done is not what your policy says.  Order just got canceled and no offer to honor the price.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Acworth, GA 
 walmartPharmacy clerk, not cashier, the clerk acted like she did not car I have been here over 2 hours
this old man at walmart dressed up as santa claus just told me i "looked really good" 😳😳
 HDarwiin Walmart
Who wanna drop me off some pussy.....from target no Walmart 👀😂 jk
Obtaining walmart accord card in preference to righto unsought: fYtvOLxab 
 Lauren_Alaina   Walmart does curbside now! Order everything online (grocery!!) and set pickup time and they load it right into your car!
Not Walgreens/CVS its Walmart, it's supersede version of military fronts banks in food stamps & illegal drug. Disrupting college campuses
 iam_erika Walmart.
There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
 TeamSnuggle  There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's Top 20 Awesome Parenting Secrets
This guy was in Walmart today and I told him his sweatshirt was cool and asked if I could take a… 
Cool Whip only  0.71 each at Walmart! 
I was trying to get a ps4 on black friday but i was greeted by 2 pit bulls up front at walmart..Smh..Please help me out. Lol  toonzgiving
clusterstock: Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage 
there's currently a man appearing to be in his late 60's just staring at the condoms at Walmart 😂
New post: "Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage (AMZN)" 
Sorry I was in the car when I tweeted that last. The clinic couldn't fill my prescription so I'm at Walmart waiting. It's going to be 15
 walmart :  walgreensIs your pharmacy in Forrest city faster?
"My daddy died for that flag."
"I bought mine at Walmart"
"He died in Korea"
"Funny, mine says made in Korea."… 
 Asia_PersBoeingEsia Thanks for getting back to us. We're glad it has been taken care of. -Isa
I can never understand why only 3/100 cashiers at Walmart are open at any given time.
walmart
Don't get caught stealing out Walmart 

Fuck corporations 

But niggas gon flame ya shit up lol
Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage (AMZN) 
ABC: Walmart truck driver in Tracy Morgan crash accepts plea deal allowing him to enter pre-trial intervention pro… 
Omg I got to ride in a Walmart buggy and it was AMAZING😱🤑
 ninivoices last year I used Walmart and it was actually pretty good. They had a first time customer coupon too.
Walmart truck driver in Tracy Morgan crash accepts plea deal allowing him to enter pre-trial intervention program:… 
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats  ad 
Can Walmart keep up its game of chicken with Visa? by  amabaie 
I liked a  YouTube video Matthew West plays Walmart
Your cookie platters needs these Chocolate Candy Cane  Cookies! 
  ad  recipe... by  aileencooks via  c0nvey
Someone bring me subway to Walmart DC   7:30 plzzzzz. 😊😊 I'm staaaarrrvviinnnngggg 😳
I'm at  Walmart in Fremont, CA 
 Sfortunewyo We're interested to learn more about your concern. Feel free to share your feedback online at:  -Rad
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Diberville, MS 
 walmartStore 091 pharmacy is sooooooooooo slow.  I love waiting to be told to wait longer
Why Get The New Release When  Walmart Got The "09 Edition 
businessinsider: Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage  BSAFunds  Mercha…
Walmart truck driver in Tracy Morgan crash accepts plea deal allowing him to enter pre-trial intervention program… 
why the fck is walmart packed like a fcking club... i'm parked wayyyyyyy in the back & shit 🙄😩
Walmart has all these fucking hot ass guys like bruh let me work here
 ShenanigansFL usually start with 4hrs of Walmart but apparently I got missed during the scheduling phase 😒
I need to take a trip to Walmart 👀
I hate having to go to Walmart
 JobSearch Help Wanted - Walmart Supercenter - Colton, CA Find this Job & More 
Report: St. Augustine woman stole Magic Mike DVD, dry salami from Walmart via  ActionNewsJax  N&N  Floridawoman
 Lilibell610 right?! And this Walmart is ALWAYS packed. I should go buy a lottery ticket really
8 Rock Climbing Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
My brother just spiked a volleyball to my face in the middle of Walmart.  nice
I hate tuscaloosa's Walmart with a passion
All my stuff came in from Walmart. Its lit!
Walmart prolly 
Disney Princess Shimmering Dreams Collection 11 Pack For  79.97 with FREE Shipping, Down From…  Walmart  disney
 WalmartCanada Walmart.ca order expected today. Did not arrive.Phoned 2x. Told 1st time it was in transit. Told tonite not yet shipped. ???
Walmart has all these fucking hot ass guys like bruh let me work here 😭💞
how is it that I go into Walmart for one thing and come out with 173749201 things
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
 walmartPharmacy is bad!  Wait I line 30 min to hear that they need another 10.  3 times in a row.
Walmart Truck Drivers Win  54 Million In Back Pay  truckers  trucking
 _Tamsey  T__von walmart has a huge selection too.  1-2 a piece
I know this man isn't begging people to let him cut them in line in Walmart so he can pay somebody's light bill lmao.
I fell in love with a long haired worker at walmart on Black Friday and I still haven't recovered
Vulture - - Walmart Truck Driver Pleads Guilty in Tracy Morgan Crash
AJC: Fight between grandmothers leaves one shot in Walmart parking lot 
You Wont Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
Business LOTP update: businessinsider: Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage …
Kentabot found 28 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Beauty to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
Shoutout to  walmart ! Creative Way to sell the rest of the Black Friday DVDs!  What do you do… 
 girls of walmart nude most beautiful polish nude 
Yo ty been in Walmart for 3 hours 🙄
Walmart Strikes Yet Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage (AMZN)  ROIMentor
Rain-X Expert Fit Beam Wiper Blade from  6 + pickup at Walmart 
Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage (AMZN)  business  news
Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage < >
Walmart ain't got aisles.... it has alleys 😓
 Best  Toys Marvel  Avengers Hulk Action  Figure Walmart Exclusive  Gifts 
 Valentines  Gifts 2005 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake  TeddyBear White Boy and Girl Larger Set.… 
 JMinDCsports  cole__12  So sorry! This is an extremely high-demand item, and our allocation was snapped up very quickly. -Rad
 ___aishanicolee shae moisture has a mud mask that I want to try but Walmart only has it in single packs 😒
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Pleads Guilty  
Hate how that gif of me running like Naruto Uzumaki while high at Walmart accurate depicts my day-to-day life. It's unintentionally funny 😂
businessinsider: Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage 
 shannoncoulter  punkluvr  fwiw,  walmart purchased  Jet[dot]com back in August of this year, so there's that.
 GFuelEnergy do you guys ever see your product being sold in brick and mortar stores like Target, Walmart, Sams Club/Costco?
Argument Between Grandmas Ends In Shootout At Texas Walmart, Cops Say 
I've never read a tweet that explains me more than this one.  8 DOLLAR FLANNELS AT WALMART ARE THE BEST. seriously  
Just met the CEO of Walmart no big deal 😅
 fudgyokra Please share your concerns with store management or let us know more at  so that we can improve. -Isa
When the loss prevention people at Walmart ask me if I paid for that Simply Lemonade 
30) Private companies that leased convict labor include: Starbucks, Microsoft, Walmart,Nike, Dell Computers, Planet Hollywood, VS
 GlomarResponder the only place mossy oak blends in is walmart.
My copy of FFXV won't arrive until tomorrow. I'd be mad if I didn't save  30 on it shoutout Walmart
 DubSnowyOwl  gregatronn6 gonna check Walmart on my break and target tomorrow
Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage (AMZN)  pymes  business  negocios
If I never have to walk into a Walmart again I will die a happy girl...
Nobody talks about Amazon's true competitive advantage (AMZN)  business  entrepreneur
 Terelchristian  LAXdjole  mcbufff get yo walmart t shirt section chopstick bicep jv team lookin ass out of my mentions who tf u think u are
go get some shit at Walmart
 _kenyal I'd recommend a bentonite clay mask. Walmart has them but only in single packs and I'd rather just order a bottle
i need to go to walmart
 horsfield24 Certain store loc have discontinued Price Matching. Also, pls note we do not PM items bet. Thanksgiving and Cyber-Monday. -Rad
Hey  LoriGreiner did u get a  BoobJob? They r HUGE on ur  simplyfitboard tvc- congrats on getting them to  Walmart! The boards not the boobs
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 5 Swamp Logging Secrets
Nobody talks about  Amazon's true  competitiveadvantage via  bi_contributors
anyone wanna hang out? i'm at the walmart on valley central and i'm by myself.
Sharon man held for trial for Hermitage Walmart shooting

We at Walmart chile 😭😭 
Walmart: Refurbished Brother 17-Stitch Sewing Machine Just  29.97 via Couponing to Disney - ... 
I'm at Walmart returning something and all I can say is I'm so blessed that I don't work at walmart
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs 24 HOUR CHALLENGE IN WALMART! (How to Get Banned From Walmart!)
Awesome shirts I got at Walmart yesterday! They were only  7.50 each... what a steal!😁  pokemon… 
Okay  Target WHY is there only 2 checkouts open? Really? You're turning into  Walmart.  getittogether
I have my  9.95 US flag set from Walmart. I am ready to burn at the next rally 
 blakehailee do they have them a Walmart? I'm actually in need of one ASAP lol
Tracy Morgan — Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
 sidmacleod  darrenrovell  TheMightyEROCK that is a snack size😂😂 go to Walmart
when walmart's pharmacy puts you on hold after not picking up their phone line for 2 days straight 🙃🙃
I liked a  YouTube video from  lifewithustv1 Dead Deer In Walmart Reaction!
I wonder if Walmart has any onesies left 🤔
 Y0UNGG0DD TELL THAT ONE ITS DAD IS AT WALMART TOO OHHELLNAH
Everyone be careful when you use an ATM in Chas. My brother and like 25 other people got their card   stolen! Found it being used   WalMart
Tried this out today. Order  groceries online & Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it 
30 Most Ridiculous People Of Walmart 
via  YouTube
 walmart pls pls it's almost tax write off season. 
 
I just witnessed this girl eat shit on her  10 Walmart board cause she was wearing nasty Nike chanclas w no socks
Old ass black lady at Walmart << ain't nobody tell yo ass to work at Walmart Lul mad ass
Things I will NOT buy at Walmart - Money Savvy Momma -  savemoney  shopping  moneysavvy 
Walmart and target outta wrapping paper man this sucks. I'm bout to wrap this gifts in newspaper 😂
I got sent home cause I wore my Love Pink Sandals To Work😩 So Dumb . But Shit My Feet Be Hutton Fuckin Around Wit Walmart
 SMDH  FFS Argument between grandmas ends in shootout at Texas Walmart, cops say via  HuffPostCrime
"You could BUY walmart for  55,000"
 Lauren_Alaina Lauren Alaina is so at Walmart right now
 petebasgen I'm always lost when in Walmart.
Everlast Heavy Bag Boxing Set  Walmart                                                               
Love Walmart adventures with babe.💙
 wiesejoe We don't have an ETA. But, we encourage you to continue to keep a lookout. -Rad
Lmao Walmart selling chokers now? 
can someone be my friend tomorrow and ride the bus with me to go to walmart? 💀  shawu20
Downright LIE. 
 LawyerRogelio Reminds me of Romney at Walmart attempting to look like he's happy giving bags of food to (Walmart employees), ah, people.
Walmart: Refurbished Brother 17-Stitch Sewing Machine Only  29.97 (Reg.  65) -
Property damage accident hit & run at Walmart Neighborhood Grocery on Taylor.   ewatch
 Valentine  Gift 2005 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake  TeddyBear White Boy and Girl Larger Set. 
PSA gents: scaring a girl half to death while she is alone in the Walmart parking lot is not the way to her heart
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
 Save with this  coupon for  Oreo at  Walmart today!  snackandsave  walmart  OREOcookies  ad 
Four sought for questioning in Naperville Walmart arson 
 BREAKING Traffic lights out on Wrightsboro from Bobby Jones to Walmart. Expect delays.
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Bakery Gauntlet Challenge 2!
When you don't see the person you wanted to see in Walmart 😂😂😂😌
 gossip Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
Guy Refuses To Show Receipt To Walmart Security Guard, Gets Pushed To The Ground 
We're gonna get kicked out of Walmart because of my tia😂 but this bitch is being rude she's trying to fight or nah ?!
Transmissor Polar H7 M - XXL BlueTooth... Apenas R 628.95 Acesse  GYM  fitness  oferta… 
JESS WORKS AT WALMART IM CHOKING
Jury awards Wal-Mart truck drivers  55 million in backpay  colaw  copolitics  via  Reuters
 RandyHauser  smoothkobra  Real revolution will happen when Walmart goes away
 LaceAnnn i've found them at walmart
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail via  TMZ.    
 jaymiee_boo Von Maur and Walmart still... but soon to be just Walmart bc full time plus benefits and pay is way better
Walmart is giving Amazon a run for its money during the holidays so far. 
WHY is every single Walmart a vortex of chaos energy
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  gossup  celebrity
Pick up fail  Walmart ! What's the point of checking in on the app to avoid the line if I still have to wait 15 minutes in line? FAIL!
Was in Walmart with TayylorrMH  smith_adelle and I felt like a mom...
 Walmart it's already been handled. No thanks to y'all.
20 Incredible Woodworking Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 ansleygrace16  KTirene_ I swear most of what I wear is Walmart lol
Me-*playing Marco Polo in walmart* Marco! 

Random guy named Mark-"what?"

 MichealSonsalla -"polo!"
Was in Walmart with  TayylorrMH   smith_adelle and I felt like a mom...😑
 fudgyokra We are dedicated to serving all our customers, including people with disabilities. Could you elaborate on your concern? -Rad
Damn you  Walmart ! 
Walmart  3380 ready to roknroll  collierjeremy  RB_Sprint  sprintpnw  Pdx_Giffith  marceloclaure  SprintKaydee… 
 TheRealRouel22 In Walmart 
 shannoncoulter  Jet jet was purchased by walmart, so expecting them to have morals or ethics was always a long shot
Look at how Walmart treats meats served at the deli. Disgusting 
Ik im not suppose to take tips at Walmart for carry outs, but I just looked at my wallet and a nigga is struggling 😥
it's gonna be lit at walmart 
Missed the  CyberMonday  discounts?  Well don't fret because more great deals are coming!  Amazon   Walmart… 
All You Blues Lovers meet me at The Clinton Event Center located on HWY 80 directly in front of Walmart for some... 
Tis the season to start sneaking in the side door at Walmart to avoid the Salvation Army people
I'm thinking bout going back to Walmart
You're the reason mom's been at Walmart for thirteen years 🌚😹😹 
Walmart run right quick
 richdemuro  Walmart  has it for  224😬... and everyone else sold out do you know if they'll make more 😃?
RCMP looking for 15 y/o Tryli Shorting, last seen leaving the Portage la Prairie Walmart on Nov 21 cbcmb… 
Update: Walmart Cam has postponed Christmas decorations for a week due to "bad weather" keeping him from pulling them out the garage.
How I react when crossing the street and a car almost hits me in the crosswalk at  walmart 
I despise the cold section at Walmart
Who can drop me off at Walmart I got a few dollars
 JSavoly Just got back from walmart's. They had 2 flags left. Plus some small ones. Gonna burn 1 the first time some sumbitch says I can't.
 Walmart is a joke
Gunna go find a girlfriend in Walmart in Lancaster brb
I forget how big a snob I am until I walk into a Walmart
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 6 Practical Ski Jumping Secrets
I found one of  Jenna_Marbles mugs at Walmart today 
Walmart Mario Kart. (Gif)  fun  wtf  gif - 
Dear  Walmart, it would be nice if your produce employees knew that asparagus should be kept in water and not dry.
My little cousin keeps trying to fight me by saying "I'm gonna take you to Walmart"
Wal-Mart employee: "welcome to Walmart"
Terrence: "welcome!" 😂😂
 CarlosPinales14  terrance_krush
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 6
10 Scandalous Archery Secrets From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
My oldest brother keeps Pontotoc Walmart in business. 
Online sales tip to mobile devices:  Walmart reports that 60% of  BlackFriday online orders came from… 
Who knew that ringing bells at Walmart would turn into Jacqueline & I receiving 20 min of marriage advice from an 86 yr old townie 🎄
Anyway, flag burning is obsolete. Walmart and Amazon sell Donald Trump Piñatas. Set those on fire or hit 'em with s… 
6 Surprising Oral Sex Secrets From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
Time for that Walmart run 🏃🏽
i hate going to walmart all those people in there give me anxiety
 2016Republic Also, if you are an adult working at McDonalds or WalMart you are doing it wrong and life may not have gone as planned.
I liked a  YouTube video Kicked Out Of Walmart And Target Again
Walmart trip with my favorite guy 😌
 StarrBurrst_ go back to walmart
 Walmart  TeamAlemania The feedback is that you're disrespecting your consumers by screwing them over! Honor what you advertise!
Ya mcm buys watches from walmart.
NEWS: Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal - ABC News | Details: 
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
Congratulations to  Walmart from  DSM for  USCCFBiz4Good  citizen2016 award 
People in the Walmart parking lot give me anxiety
I was sitting in my truck waiting for my sister outside of Walmart and THIS LADY DEADASS FLUNG OPEN HER DOOR AND HIT MY CAR HARD AF
UM I saw the CUTEST squirtle slippers at Walmart today and I was already thinking of buying them for jackson when I see him chdhshsj
Seriously,  Walmart -- the same error message for hours! 
Went like this to  Walmart yesterday.. complete with no bra, no makeup, no hair did, and a bad attitude..… 
❤❤ Fashion  Celebrity KELLY CLARKSON Wrapped In Red 2013 Walmart Exclusive  CD +  DVD USA SEALED F1833… 
Once again, my  walmart pharmacy has not a single pill of any dosage of Topamax in stock. It's not exactly a rare drug!
i fucking hate walmart employees
 DerenicByrd I partially agree. Depends on the business you run. Walmart will surely benefit, but will a small law firm or clinic.
Yo i just got home from arbys and im bout to pass out until 9 and wake up and go to walmart until 7 am then go to arbys at 830 am lmaooooo
I don't always take pictures of the Walmart parking lot, but when I do it's because God did an exceptional job with… 
 MrBeastYT I dare you to go to Walmart and try to pay with Monopoly money
Great ringing and singing at Walmart for Salvation Army!  ClarkeElem. Entertainment and can donate!  VANCECoProud 
As more retailers including Walmart and Target boost self-serve checkout lanes, Albertsons supermarkets in Souther…
there's a hello kitty ginger bread house kit at Walmart 😭😭😭
 In2017IPredict Trump signs deal with Walmart to appear in ad not realizing that his head will explode!  DumbTrump
 A1_Ariii Walmart only got brown gel
Can Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Microsoft Excel?
Really, Walmart? 
What's worse than working at Walmart with a migraine?
Disney Infinity 3.0 Star Wars Saga Bundle (PS4)  19.99  Walmart 
 thehill Breitbart readers eat Walmart "Great Value" cereals, anyway.
Your cookie platters needs these Chocolate Candy Cane  Cookies! 
  ad  recipe... by  lwvogue via  c0nvey
In the US, Walmart stopped selling hoverboards for safety, in case you were curious about those empty shelves between the guns and the ammo.
Woman employee as I'm leaving Walmart: "thank you"
Me: "thank you"
Just asked a Walmart employee for some help, she looked at me and said " I'd find someone if I was you" THATS WHY I ASKED.
Walmart Foundation, Target, US Chamber Foundation to Launch Circular Economy Pilot · Environmental Leader 
 DDSyrdal I ordered dad a tv from walmart on the same day and it's already shipped. Wonder if they forgot about me.
 smoothkobra it's hilarious that people who shop.primarily at Walmart think they are against globalization.
 sneakronicity - At Walmart- no Hawkeye though! 
I just saw a girl get her cartilage pierced at Walmart, pray for her
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail via 
 Job Help Wanted - Walmart Supercenter - Colton, CA Find this Job&More-  
"Walmart: mobile shoppers accounted for almost half of all buy online, pick up in-store orders"  Omnichannel… 
 mhumbyyy I went to Walmart for deodorant. DEODORANT. And I fucking left with a chicken.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart

15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart

Why is it taking me an hour just to get to Walmart like this is sad
Driver pleads guilty in deadly crash that injured Tracy Morgan: 
 shanedawson BRITNEY HAS A NEW FRAGRENCE AVAILABLE AT WALMART!!!!! SPORT IT SHANE IF YOU DONT ALREADY!!!!!!!!!! shanedawson  shanedawson
Slicc want some Walmart chiccen😩
 Walmart it said this iHome was in stock and another site said you had at least 3 at that store. No one was willing… 
I just entered to win a  165 Walmart gift card! You can enter here:
LMFAOOOO none because I was at the thrift store. I did hit a stain on some food at WalMart ealier 😊 
Walmart Vlog/New Headset: via  YouTube
 canadiansteve ya I saw one where a woman was asking for  25K for a purse. Like damn get it at Walmart.
After Zalando and Walmart, also Pinterest moved to  Javascript Isomorphic Application: 
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail WATCH at: 
I've been sitting in walmart parking lot for 20 min and have been honking at everyone I know 😂
walking into walmart after visiting target is like entering a different dimension
Walmart's Plan for Worldwide E-Commerce Domination via  RISNewsInsights  
Thieves are targeting your shopping big especially if it's a high end carry with you a big Walmart bag and you are safe!!
Walmart is my life🙄😭
This little piece of plastic has me so excited!!!    Walmart just gave us enough money to cover… 
 Dangerousinamix past Walmart, make a right at the McDonald's and its on the left 🙂
Aws, and you expect the folks that work at Quik-Stop and Walmart to know that.
Out of touch much? 
Picking up RX for my Mamá. (  Walmart in Edinburg, TX) 
They other day Walmart says I couldn't be at work cus I had hickeys on my neck tf that gotta do with anything dude .
 Walmart I did not receive my gift card through my black Friday purchase online. Now I'm told it was in stores only. It was an online deal!
MOMS BEEN AT WALMART FOR 13 YEARSHDHDH 
My mom was looking at a Walmart flyer and she was like "now my fucking panties are on sale, Yoo nvm" 😂😂 sakes she cracks me up
My dad and his gf go on dates to Walmart
One of the managers of  Walmart called me "Babygirl" over the phone.  whatisgoingon
Would you wear clothes from Walmart? — Yes lmao 💀 My work pants are from there  
LIVE on  Periscope: Walmart 😂Come chat 
 Walmart had an As.   store2053 denied my 1h photo he thought they are "To provocative"
They was absolutely Zero nudity or copyright.
G-WOOFY HIP HOP NEWS Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes A Deal To Avoid Jail Time 
S-LINE NEWS Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
I'm giving away something for you on  Listia:  5 Gift card ~ Amazon ~ Target ~ Walmart . Get it here - 
45 minutes to check out at Walmart and only one person in front of me.  TisTheSeason
I have to go to walmart:((
 AlanaGreene anytime I see the fire dept or marines standing outside of say Walmart I add toys to what I went there for. Gotta share the ❤️
 Walmart your Walpole store has got to have the absolute slowest service I have ever encountered. 20 minutes and still waiting.
 debt  money: Walmart Pulls Welspun Not-Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Stores, Offers Refunds 
 BlackFriday  Gemma Stone Shoppie Shopkins 2016 Black Friday Walmart Exclusive Doll In Hand!!… 
New post Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes A Deal To Avoid Jail Time 
You know what's worse than going to Walmart? Going there and not finding what you wanted!  fail
i went all the way to walmart to buy rice cakes and i dont regret a thing
who wants to talk to me while im at walmart thanks
 Lauren_Alaina Someday when I grow up, I want to be the one that says "Welcome to Walmart"
C/O New BLOG Post Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes A Deal To Avoid Jail Time 
☛📲Pls if anyone stops U in the parking lot of a mall ,Walmart or the home depot and ask if u're interested in... 
Tracy Morgan — Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
- Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
 Amazon like  ALEC and  Walmart is  evil  GrabYourWallet 

Police looking for teens who set fire at suburban Walmart 
Printing coupons is one of the easiest ways to save on your grocery budget!

Couponing at Walmart: New Coupon Mat..… 
 KTLA bomb threat at a Walmart in Lancaster ca.
DJ DERRTY D NEWS Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
I'd just like to say that the  Walmart in my area of town in Dallas has a VERY rude staff in their customer service dept. That is all. 😒
UTINNI! I got the  walmart exclusive Scarif stormtrooper. LONG LIVE THE EMPIRE!  rogueone… 
 timkaine Where’s the petition for can’t run for office if you can’t pass a background check to work a cash register in Walmart? IDIOT!!!
 __JustNy 💀💀 lol I'm being serious actually you not gonna wear no Walmart choker
Director of Sales to  walmart in  nwark. Fresh Food & leadership experience is preferred.  jobs  
Come out to Walmart-Ireland Rd and join us and  SouthBendFire for Salvation Army ring off!!!
Somebody come get all these dope heads out of the new Walmart. 🙄
Being at Walmart at 5:45pm during the holiday season is the second definition of hell.
Girl got the fakest ass at Walmart rn
when you buy  5 Walmart leggings, you get what you pay for 
'Tis the season for smoking crack if you think you're getting in and out of Walmart in 15 mins!!!! 😂😂  lessonlearned
Seen my cousin for the first time in years in Walmart and I almost cried
My hands white asf rn and my sis got me in Walmart 😩😭 so embarrassing
 _srvca was two nigguhs 😂 I was smokin my stoge outside Walmart and they both were just looking at me. &I then one started throwing combos 😂
SO MANY CUTE BOYS IN THIS WALMART RN WHY
When you go to walmart to buy soap, and an hour later you leave with everything but soap
Had a great time with the crew from the  financialpost  last week! Watch the interview with the boys here… 
My entire family in a crowded Walmart 
Police: Southington man groped woman in Walmart 
 voteoutnow  DeficitOwls China & owners of Walmart get to keep valuable US dollars and you the consumer get worthless subpar goods. Enjoy
I've lived in Texas for a few weeks now and I finally made it to Walmart without using GPS, I feel very accomplished
Can Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Beard Trimming?
For any Wildcat fans heading to Scott  High, MAJOR traffic backup in front of Alex Walmart: plan accordingly.
Walmart 2799 Shipper is out and ready for  Boostday   hedman_tom  TjonesSprint  collierjeremy  NRSP&G_ESeaton… 
 Kenzierichmondd Walmart bitch come shoot it up pls I'm on 11
 DustyDust017  owens_kara yeah not like she just saved me a trip to walmart or anything lololol
 djmacjr  dazedace Christmas is right around the corner... 
Meanwhile At Walmart - These Photos Will Make You LOL! 
Best Black Friday Deals 2016: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, on TVs, Toys and More – Barron’s 
Just witnessed a couple making out in Walmart because her boyfriend picked her out a great smelling candle 
I seriously hate Walmart with a passion.
 AjWyland and I are never allowed to go to Walmart alone ever
Man shot to death driving toward off-duty officer at Walmart in Cahokia. Walmart Security Footage? Where is it! 
"Girl you badder than my lil cousin acting up in Walmart 😂" omg I'm cryinnnn my day just got better 😿
E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now Walmart really has to compete on Amazon’s turf. 
 voteoutnow  DeficitOwls Yeah, policies written by industry "think tanks" and lobbyists. Walmart knows what they are buying from China
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Goose Creek, SC 
I hate walmart!!!!!
 octoplasm Please contact our team here: so that we can try to assist you. -Shann
FYI, our account and Savings Catcher got hacked and drained over the weekend. Might want to check yours...
Walmart got this rotisserie chicken for the low that is so damn good😩😋
Olathe PD killed a man wielding a "blunt object" outside Walmart at Santa Fe/K7 today. Officers on paid leave.
!! There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
Love Snuggle!! There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 AHustlinMf walmart about to head to the crib nigga just hml
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  breaking 
 BlackFriday Extends Its Reach Into  CyberMonday, Best  CyberMonday 2016 Deals: Amazon, Best Buy, Target &amp; Walmart?
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  teamfollowback 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail <Touch me ;D 
Well today someone asked for a prescription for an alarm clock. JUST GO TO WALMART, PEOPLE! THEY HAVE EVERYTHING!
 medoart I break those in like 4 tricks.There's pretty much no good use for those.. decent firewood? Mongoose is the best "walmart" deck rn
Seriously that's the last time I buy chicken from Walmart. My whole house smells like chicken that's gone off, and I only bought it Sunday.
Grabbing something I forgot. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Sherman, TX) 
 art  desing Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail: The guy behind the wheel…… 
Since I'm already agitated, I decided to go to Walmart. I'm going to have a stroke, I just know it....
Hefty savings on slider bags!  Go here for details~~~>
I just went to Walmart and did the self checkout and as I was leaving I said thank you to the machine (I need sleep)
Can someone cast a spell on Walmart to encourage them to ship the vacuum cleaner I ordered on Thanksgiving Day?  Thanks.
These are must have after any  holiday meal!  wellness  ad   nancyandnell1
Should've gotten a case from Walmart
While In Line At Walmart, Stranger Says Her Son Is Repulsive, She Reaction Will Make Your Heart Ache 
 BlackFriday Extends Its Reach Into  CyberMonday, Best  CyberMonday 2016 Deals: Amazon, Best Buy, Target & Walmart? 
the lady at walmart told me my mom must be proud of herself because of how beautiful i was like my heart😭💕
That moment when you forgot what you needed at Walmart after you already got dressed to go outside
Walmart: Frigo CheeseHead Snack Cheese 12 Pac only  2.48 with New Coupon 
goes to walmart for tp....

leaves with stuff you dont need +tp
 julioxarana Walmart was sold out
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal 
...I bet he still took his ass to Walmart every other day, tho. 
 WArrambide  UglyGod these hoes at Walmart dawg lmaoo 
 AmazonHelp or just drive to  Walmart
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Pleads Guilty  via  thr
Yall give Walmart customers so much crap but you ever seen dollar tree customers? 😨
chanel vs. walmart 
 TeamAlemania We want to do better. Would you please share your feedback with us: -Shann
Get me some snacks from Walmart — Don't tell me what to do  
 themark23  P1Domo im going to Walmart. F this local crap.
 macolungazz1 traders village got real ones for 25. Ozark trail 10 bucks at walmart and last longer than orca and yeti.
Walmart vows change amid concerns over food waste 
I need to go to Walmart but I have no desire to go🙃
 diorjas_  BigHeadShae right, bitch retire those Walmart mf panties .
Walmart | BouncePro 14' Trampoline with Enclosure and Game ONLY  199! via Passionate Penny Pincher ... 
They sell yeezys on 
THR: Walmart driver in Tracy Morgan crash pleads guilty 
 zoima_ im at WALMART
lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 voteoutnow  DeficitOwls Walmart and Home Depot are not Chinese owned establishments. They are American enterprises selling you subpar goods
atleast walmart gets multiple shipments, ive seen them restock so many times
A guy I had class w/ just saw me call a random guy in Walmart daddy.In my defense he was super tall & looked he'll good in his FedEx uniform
I'm at  Walmart_br in Osasco, SP 
The Amazing Truth About Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
Though I walk through the aisles of Walmart I will fear no people. Even though the people are dressed weird & that woman has a beard
Who wanna come get me from the amtrak and take me to Walmart to get sum stuff then to baylisa
 kevin_mapson, I certainly hope you can find a job soon.  I'm pretty sure  Walmart will have openings after Christmas.
Walmart customer service 
11-30 & 12-1 we'll be taking bottled water and  gatorade donations for the firefighters in Gatlinburg from 8 am to… 
THR: Walmart driver in Tracy Morgan crash pleads guilty  followme
 Walmart  177.99 Shipped  SAMSUNG 32" 4000 Series - HD LED  TV - 720p, 60MR  --> Electronics 
i wanna go to walmart to buy face masks but i just took a xanax and i am not about to drive in this rain
Fuck a Walmart I want a Whole Foods
Is it just me or does the walmart logo look like an asshole?? 
 ashleybarnhart Wasn't there someone at Walmart you wanted to do that to? 
Just when I think things can't get any weirder in the Goebelbecker family, Dad tells me that Mom is auditioning for a Walmart commercial....
 MikeyRukus - Gabi looks like the Walmart brand of Chyna in this picture.
"I'm the walmart version of Clay. Clay is Dr. Pepper and I'm Dr. Thunder"  carriedactyl
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail The guy behind the wheel of the Walmart truck t… 
 _NcRyCooper_ 's rendition of what would happen if we both worked at Walmart 😂😂😂😂😂 
And now I'm going to do something with my life and go to Walmart finally
Library trapping until the shuttle leaves for Walmart
WIMZ's Camping for Cans at the Walker Springs Walmart is gladly accepting donations for Sevier Co. fire victims. Pl… 
 MtGPuzzleQuest 

No electronic card I could buy right at Walmart?
Because I was shopping.... 
Oikos Drink Deal At Walmart! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - If you have been looking for a snack ... 
But they let the White dudes in Oregon make Walmart runs while they were holding Native land hostage. We see you, A… 
twentiethcenturykid:

  SILVER AGE BLACK FRIDAY 

Door Buster At The Gotham Walmart

Batma… 
HOLY FUCK they have a Gold Freddy at Walmart this thing goes for like 30 bucks online 
 Dan_8998  HuffPostCrime I always feel like I'm taking a chance when I go to Walmart.
Walmart driver in Tracy Morgan crash pleads guilty 
lit af w  Queen_Biaa going to Walmart for whatever reason 🔥🔥🔥 
If You Want It, Get It Now! 
It's been 4 Days & it still says that my New 3DS is Processing Come on, Nintendo! Send them to Walmart so that it can get Shipped
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Brenham, TX 
I found some delicious  recipes for  cookies (and more) using  Skippy Peanut Butter. Even found a  coupon for you!… 
Hey  walmart is there any update on the flash sale NES stock? I just want to make sure my ordered doesn't get cancelled 😃
I need to go to walmart ... but I either need more arms or a car
Tracy Morgan — Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail follow  newsvibez and get the latest.
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? Pay Pal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 11/30/16 
There are few guarantees in life but one of them is that whenever you go to walmart youre bound to see some creatures, its like a damn zoo
 BenBentucker13  thehill 1 can imagine excitement in ur life is trip to Walmart 4 new sheet 4 Klan rally then some Trump on fox sad
 wickedolphin hey there. Wanted to let you know of my poor experience of your rum, or what's labeled as your rum. (… 
Good Samaritan is shot dead in Walmart parking lot trying to stop man beating wife via  MailOnline
 mashable Bodybags I've been unconscious zipped in 
 StopFundingHate 
 amnesty 
 stopTORTURE
 Walmart  
 CocaColaTruck 
 McDonaldsimlovinit
 _SimonBarnett  MarieAnnUK

Um, corporations conceived Nafta, ie Walmart, and the US oligarchs did well ever since,
Fascist butt boy.
*In  Walmart 
*Playing Marco Polo
Roommate: "MARCO!"
Random guy named Mark: "What?"
 Walmart systems down, poorly staffed, no one seems to know what they are doing, counter always unmanned with huge lines (45mins)
I miss going to Walmart with my mama and getting pampered before aimless retail therapy.
Wow  Walmart, thanks for employing people who take pride in being rude to your customers!  NeverGoingBack
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 291 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 11/29/2016 5:33:27 PM
Target is Walmart for Democrats. -  danieltosh
Going to Walmart   8 !!! To get me a strawberry cream pie !🙃🤘🏽
Wreck on 25 in front of Walmart
L  RF 2016  Topps Holiday Metallic Snowflake HMW127 JOSE BoeingUTISTA Lot of 2 Walmart  MLB… 
 Walmart tired of being told every time that my refund has been processed that day and will appear on my statement in 5 day, which is a lie
 31.95 VIBE  USB Turntable  Vinyl Archiver Record Player w/Speakers --> Music  Electronics 
Me and this girl fought had to be in like 9th or 10th grade I seen her in Walmart she tooted them lips so hard 😂😂😂 bitch you STILL mad?
 Walmart trying to charge more than triple the price of an item
They just opened a Walmart in china so the kids can see what they made
I'm at Walmart and then I'm going to that Saas induction 
 PaRHOdigm Have you contacted our help desk here: about this? -Shann
15 Scandalous Metallurgy Secrets From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 mogo813 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart so disgusted y'all are scamming customers during the holiday season, price changing stuff after adding to cart
Should I even go back to walmart?
10 Skateboarding Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
I'm still laughing that Walmart took a full hour to find an item with no line
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Pharmacy, and won 40 Points! WOO HOO!!
Nah Fuck That You Don't Deserve  15 A Hour Working At Walmart Unless You A Manager 
 Walmart around the beginning of the month, I just  contacted the card issuer directly to file a dispute
This lady in Walmart got her bang cut to her hairline and the shit so fucking funny 😂😂😂 I can't help but to giggle at this hoe
A year ago today we had a rotisserie chicken from Walmart for Thanksgiving 
 haynescluster Sorry to hear that. Did you speak to our store management yet? -Hal
Trip to ihop and gamestop and Walmart with the pandas today, chill evening and seeing  SparkstheHusky later, back downtown tomorrow :)
 mercado_destiny and good riddance to that Walmart
K-INDEMAND NEWS Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
Sharon man held for trial for Hermitage Walmart shooting 
Florida Sexy Models Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes A Deal To Avoid Jail Time - The man responsible for the truck crashed that left... 
Tru Town Films Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
A good Samaritan helped a woman who was being beaten in a Walmart parking lot. Now he’s dead. They MAY charge murder
I went to Walmart only to find out I didn't have any money 🙃
Up-to-Minute  JobSearch Help Wanted - Walmart - Pasadena, TX Find this Job&More 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  buzz  people
G-WOOFY NEWS Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
I'm the hippie in Walmart reading the ingredient lists on the back of face wipes.
This is worth the wait and I'm pretty sure this was the Walmart cashier handling my soda the other day 😒😂😂😂😂😂😂 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <cODy> 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail >> 
IRIS USA, Inc. 15 Quart Media Storage Box (Set of 6)  [ Save 77% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
Tinder is fucking dumb. I can go meet twice as many girls in walmart... and they aren't desperate weirdos... anyway,  I'm headed to Walmart
Lmfao must suck to be banned from every walmart in the world 😂😂
Walmart: Smartphone Samsung Galaxy A7 SM-A710M POR: R  1.599,00
 Walmart How is this helpful? 
 Amy_Urquhart I haaaaaaaaate Walmart
GO GO!  69.99  Keurig  Coffee Maker -->
No  FFXV yet, but this just arrived from Walmart.ca :). Looks really nice! 
 austin_hare yeah bruh come on. Walmart distribution center still. I'm making almost  20 an hour right now
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  TMZ  1071902  1
Pit stop at Walmart🚘🏧🛍
Looking to support local students on  GivingTuesday? Aldi/Jewel/Walmart gift cards can help CCSD89 families. Info: 
Always running to somebody i know in walmart
I can't stand Walmart
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail

Tracy Morgan Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail

11/29/…
Chanel vs Walmart 
“Retailers with a good reputation should be vigilant about whether claimed quality is indeed the delivered quality,” 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Family Mobile vs. Straight Talk - BEST cheap mobile cell phone! - Review &
 Sajory_ Did you share this issue with our store management yet? If not send it via -Hal
Waking around Walmart without a bra on bc yolo 😅
 WalMart goes full Evil & tells it employees not 2 download  Ap created by a  Labor-group  USA  Arkansas  Indiana
Why u Walmart workers be wearing y'all freshest Js to work?
 Annie_vee17 I might have to go to Walmart or something to get a gun
Argument between grandmas ends in shootout at Texas Walmart, cops say via  HuffPostCrime
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  celebrity  gossip
TMZ: Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
"if i had money id buy it. id suck dick behind walmart" 😂😂💀💀💀💀
It would be so fucking rare to see Justin just randomly walking in a neighborhood or to just bump into him at Walmart or some shit
 emmaramsdell if you got them at Walmart you should be able to take them back and get different ones!
 AdriannaTweets_ headed to Walmart
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <P8[f> 
Olden slur thursday televisor gains o'er walmart else sears this make holiday seeing as how xmas consumers: NAUOGZao 
I hate Walmart. Been in the parking lot for about 10 minutes just not wanting to get down
 ReTweet  Specials  Goodyear Eagle LS Tire P205/55R16 89T 
 RF 2016  Topps Holiday Metallic Snowflake HMW127 JOSE BoeingUTISTA Lot of 2 Walmart  MLB… 
Walmart: Smartphone Motorola Moto G 4 Play XT1600 POR: R  769,00
These Pecan Turtle Cookies will be a hit for my  cookieswap!!  ad  
 recipe  cookies… 
 Kris_leggs Boa Walmart Don't Care About Nobody But Themselves 😂💯
 Batmobile  Batman 2016 Hot Wheels Walmart ZAMAC Batman Classic Batmobile (Lot of 10)listing others  Forsale  onsale
 xokaylaxo17 let me just magically appear in Walmart and then I could get some
Want to win Win a  100 Walmart Gift Card A Giveaway Promote® Giveaway Comp? I just entered to win and you can too. 
When you bring egg nog from Walmart and nobody wants to drink it so you get it all to yourself 
 riotxl365 Can you tell us exactly when did you send the issue to our help desk so we can look into it? Thanks for your patience. -Hal
 yak_face You have probably been asked this a lot but what is the current update on the Walmart exclusive chrome Death Trooper pop?
Bought this great deal on black Friday only for  Walmart to revoke my purchase due to a pricing error on their part… 
Went to Walmart and the cashier didn't believe my dad was my dad and that makes me upset
 Good  Toy Hasbro  IronMan MARK 3 ARMOR Walmart Movie Series 2008 6in.  0896  Toys  Kid 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Rochester, NY 
Haters gonna hate. Tell her Harbaugh is available for a Walmart date this weekend. 
Sony Playstation 4 500 GB
R  1.469,99
 walmart  Sony  Playstation4  500GB  ps4
 fansofgames hmm well working at walmart customers do that crap everyday. never could figure out why.
When you see that a grown man admits to hiding retail boxes at Walmart, it's time to leave that group. That's ridiculous behavior. Shameful
Don't feel like leaving my bed but i gotta go to walmart 😩
 misha_loves_you you're going to have bad luck for the TV that Walmart "never delivered"
 Retweet  Specials  Goodyear Eagle LS Tire P205/55R16 89T 
Im personally not offended by someone burning a massed produced piece of cloth made in China u bought   Walmart
The  Walmart pharmacy needs to get it together.
Breaking News The guy behind the wheel of the Walmart truck that nearly killed Tracy Morgan has struck a plea... 
 98_mimiie come to Walmart w me
Post Malone looks like the Walmart version of Asap Yams.
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail
So I'm in Walmart & I hear "mary u have to make it thru 1 shift without crying" and I have never related to something more in my life ever
Can Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Oral Sex?
 Walmart Maybe don't pick up in store? Never got the email of arrival, and now the status is changed to order returned. Been on hold...
Can Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Html?
Read  futureschlock's blurb on NOT Walmart but a vendor on Walmart selling shirts of problematic stuff and feel her… 
 ABCWorldNews Thats what you call high class citizens.    Dog. Bro. Yo. Yeah We getz kickz outs of Walmart.
Who wants to go to Walmart with me & Blake? Please.. not all at once..
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail: The guy behind the wheel of the Walmart truck... 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  entertainment  tmz… 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail: The guy behind the wheel of the Walmart truck… 
News Breaking! Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  celebs  Gossip
 StockPorn Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  Gossip  News
 Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail: The guy behind the wheel of the Walmart truck… 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail: The guy behind the wheel of the Walmart truck t… 
 tmz Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  celebnews
Latest: Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  Celeb
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  hollywood
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  tmz  celebrities
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail - 
How much walmart is too much? - 
 420  710  Blunt  Bong  Bubbler  Collective  Cookiefam 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <bN8x> 
Hearts of pink 💗🌸   
Going to walmart looking homeless time to run into everyone i know
 Walmart wants our trust--in return, we ask for commitment on their 2025 sustainability goals:… 
I literally fucking hate Walmart
 McCarthyKnew  mmfa self checkout in my local Walmart 😛
 NumbaOneB1tch  OOC Looks like the ones they have at Walmart
 KenzeaRay they came in a mermaid makeup Halloween set from Walmart! ✨
Me to every Walmart is different 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart T... via   news  social 
Cowboy lassoes would-be bike thief in Walmart parking lot 
 Shes_Legit have you tried the titty tape it's at target and Walmart
 canOnlyBeOB for Walmart 

My kid might not have a  christmas due to  Walmart and their inabilities to run an online store maybe i  Target …  
Walmart a big ass store with not enough employees 🙄🙄🙄
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  entertainment 
smiled at a little kid in Walmart and he said ew....
 Lauren_Alaina i'd apply for this job. haha im pro! Walmart AND target! bring it on!
he stealin from Walmart and workin at footlocker.? he a real STL nigga 😂😂😭😭 
 watkinsabigail3 except we don't even have a Walmart .... lmao
Walmart has survived while increasing workers' wages. Costs to lower/middle class minimal.
 Fightfor15… 
Y'all really sleep on the chokers they sell at Walmart.
I have to go grocery shopping & don't feel like getting up. Tbh Walmart is just really inconsiderate for not having a delivery service🙄
 ABC the people of Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Mishawaka, IN 
NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH  WALMART Something should not be processing for five days after you have taken money out of the account for it
 MelissaTweets We have them here too and also self check out at walmart
And now we're at Walmart.. Goddamn I just wanna draw ;-; 
 jcolburnlevy picked this up at Walmart!  dontbreathe Can't wait to check out the deleted scenes. You were so good… 
 paulkrugman I tried to warn you the world wanted the  socialist  jew you gave us Ms  Walmart  wallstreet
I spend too much time at Walmart 😅😅
Yo I hate hearing people discipline their kids in Walmart.... makes me uncomfortable
I received  3 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
I've been into Walmart three times because every time I walk out I realize I forgot to get something. This is my own personal hell
walmart trips and cooking nights with  my roomieeeees >>> 💖
Walmart: Essentials 53-piece Tool Kit just  17.97 (regulalry  24.97) + FREE in-store pickup 
 GreenRushMVPs  _passthebluntt is there a Walmart or visa 1000
 AYOsteff Walmart
 Walmart  I swear on everything if my kids Christmas order does not get processed I will never ever Shop there again and it will go to NEWS
I wish I could have my own designated Walmart worker to follow me around and show me where to find the things I need.
 BrittanyFantt buy "perfect portions" from Walmart
 kermaleaa Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart I had a coupon for panoxyl face wash but it didn't work. it wasn't the advanced treatment but you don't have it stocked
 ChrisMuellerP&GH Worse set of fans = NFL.  They're the collective lovechild of Walmart shoppers and Monday Night Raw enthusiasts.
New: Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail via JusSwaggTV
 MeroWavy try kohls or Walmart
It's at Walmart girl lol 
6 Mind-blowing Papercraft Secrets From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 mattpriestley Good question. In the case of Walmart riots over big screen TV's I'm guessing the answer is yes.
BEWARE OF YOUR SURROUNDING! We were just at Walmart in Lookout Valley and there was a man walking through the... 
MONSANTO
BoeingYER
SYNGENTA
WALMART
USA GOVT
USA MILITARY
POLITICIANS ALL PARTIES
HALF OUR POPULATION
NAZIS ALL
UP AGAI… 
 Walmart  lukaseggen it is a big deal. Walmart is screwing its own consumers on pricing. Demand that they honor the advertised price.
 PRT  Specials  Calvin Klein Eternity for Women 
Well played, Walmart. Well played. 
 martygeez_ Walmart, African store, farmers market
Everyone and there mom is at Walmart today 😏
Walmart and  blockchain  Retail 
Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes A Deal To Avoid Jail Time  EntertainmentNews
 thafactzoflife Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes A Deal To Avoid Jail Time 
 couple_reacts Dwayne go to your local Walmart and get one of them remote control ones lmao
Never go to Walmart with  rayraysearles because she'll talk you into buying lip ointment that numbs your lips and a roku 😂😂
I'm sooooo tired yet and still I gotta go to Walmart smh
 Walmart  Asia_PersBoeingEsia Yet another generic response. Why is Walmart so afraid to discuss consumer complaints openly?  boycottwalmart
😂😂😂 dis old man in Walmart a creep he done went smack at ery girl dat walked past him from 21-50 lls
Come see me at Walmart as I ring the Bell.  salvationarmy 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail: The guy behind the wheel of the Walmart truck…… 
 scumbaglud  BlakeDream I wear an Ohio State Shirt because I graduated from there. You wear an Oklahoma Shirt because you bought at Walmart
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail - sp
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  bubblegumalley
Walmart and  blockchain  Retail  ResidualBitcoin
Meds (at  Walmart Supercenter in Alvin, TX) 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <xdGD> 
Kathleen McLaughlin, Walmart Foundation president & Walmart chief sustainability, officer at Chicagoland Retail Sec… 
 WalmartGiving  Walmart Check out new website of Children's Hunger Alliance. You are featured 4 your generous giving
New post: Tracy Morgan — Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
I need to go to Walmart but I'm scared,  cuz I always spend more money than I should
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 8 Surprising Papercraft Tips
22 check out lanes but only 2 workers? 🤔 makes perfect sense.  Walmart
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal: Roper may avoid trial for the crash… 
I just wanted a baggy shirt but Walmart has zero black long sleeves in a size medium. :))))))
 mogamu Walmart's calling, they want their internet back dawg.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oregon, OH 
 Rickthewolve  We're sorry to hear about this experience. Please share the details with our team here: -Shann
 kermaleaa What item are you looking for? We're here to help! -Hal
 WalMart goes full Evil & tells it employees not 2 download  Ap created by a  Labor-group. Stop lying  Wal-Mart  US
 uwouldathot meanwhile my roommate got the wild suburban walmart timbs 
Kayla bought some printer ink from Walmart, and the shit was empty and super-glued closed. 😹😹😹😭
My life is about as organized as the  5 DVD bin at Walmart.
 abs_ahm walmart
I have work tomorrow morning.
And their going to torture me with Walmart MasterCard training...
Kill me now.
Walmart Chronicles!

Lady 1: Try this one!

Lady 2: Alright.. Hold up! You 3 prepaid cards in.. 

**Declined**... 
New a new, but inexpensive sewing machine? Check this deal out!

Walmart: Refurbished Brother 17-Stitch Sewing Ma..… 
 SoShaydee You're welcome! Keep us updated so we can offer more help if needed -Hal
These chocolate-dipped chewy peanut butter Christmas cookies are amazing and easy on the tummy! Read more here:… 
after what i'm about to wear to walmart, i never wanna be seen in public again
guess who will be going to walmart this weekend to promo  Ezra_Henderson 's EP
 Walmart so it's been 3 days and you guys still haven't helped me with this problem. What are you going to do to straighten this out?
Apologies Detected Walmart Edition - Champagne Jerry 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <CvdY> 
Every single time I go to Walmart somebody working ask for my number. It never fails.
 CatesKatie walmart literally got errything
 shoewee Sorry to hear that. What item are you looking for? We may be able to help look into it or offer product suggestions. -Hal
Keep It Down - Champagne Jerry - Music Video Inside Walmart 
 Ezra_Henderson how many brownie points does Gabi get for promoting you in Walmart?
"Man shot to death driving toward off-duty officer at Walmart in Cahokia"  underbellymagazine.co.uk
 byersj09 it all depends on where you go shopping and what kind you want if you only want 
Us at Walmart and target  Lorizzle_ 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  celebrity
Kk said if she slips n dies in Walmart, If I sue, I can have all the money to buy stuff to luxuriate myself and sausify my life y'all. ✊🏾💯
Guns make us so safe: Argument between grandmas ends in shootout at Texas Walmart, cops say via  HuffPostCrime
Apparently Walmart has found the fountain of youth & is selling the water by the gallon 😱 
 ChSummerPhD please follow and direct message us so we can assist you further.
 Tracy  Morgan -- Ex-Walmart  Truck  Driver  Strikes  Deal to  Avoid  Jail  ExWalmart
Everyone at Walmart looks like they lost a bet.
I'd be lowkey happy if Walmart really blew up
If I go homeless you better not insult me by donating a shitty Walmart coat, that coat better be vintage Raf Simons or you're a bad person.
10 Circuit Design Secrets From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
ban walmart 
Thomas Kinkade Painter of Light Tea Mug Gift Set, 4 pc - 
this little 3 year old girl was looking    skateboards in Walmart and her dad came was like "a couple more years and you can have one ok?"
This nigga in Walmart keep staring at me & makin me uncomfortable
 CarahAmelie txt the husband today and told him we needed 2 hunt for those Walmart booties! I'm on the same boat w/u: cute cheap sold🤗💁🏻
Sources: Just before the  OSU attack yesterday, suspect Abdul Artan bought knives at a Walmart in Columbus area yesterday morning.
FREE  10 Gift Card to Target, Walmart, Kohl's or Macys

 LaShawna__  can you take me to Walmart
He woulda seen him today If I woulda  picked dash up before I went in walmart
I'm at Walmart in Honolulu, HI 
 Walmart taking its time getting me my  Xbox1, that's okay though I need to study anyways!
Someone just started blasting trap music in Walmart, I'm like 20 aisles away from the car speaker section
The 12 Best Beauty Buys From Walmart (Obviously They're Super Cheap!) 
The Christmas section at Walmart was LIT!
gucci vs walmart 😩😛😛 
 Walmart  Sembry244 I have been trying to check the status of order with store but no one in the pick up department will answer the phone.
So I was talking with this really cute guy that works at Walmart and my fucking gum fell out of my mouth what is life 😩😂
Walmart and Blockchain  blockchain  Retail
Walmart-funded Chicago Retail Sector Center Opens | ProgressiveGrocer  ChiCookWORKS  Ald_Reboyras  
Chanel vs Walmart  topmodel 
 Walmart If i get a new phone, am I able to keep my same number?
Baby the active indigo seal from Walmart,
i heard walmart chicken be slappin 
Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail  news  hollywood 
I4 is the  walmart of roads
i could spend hours in walmart's christmas section
Walked into Walmart in my navy blue scrubs and some guy asks me where he can find the Brita water filter...
 AisleSevenSir
 Dont_estimate Walmart or target got it?
"Don't be a Walmart drop out" thx mom
i'm irritated af in walmart , i just wanna go home 😩
 Stu_Mundel bomb threat at the Walmart in Lancaster on Ave j and 20th st east, building evacuated
 raybaby101 Walmart!!!  3 😜
Someone come to Walmart Pharmacy in Elk City tomorrow and let me give ya a flu shot 😏
 leeseanm We're sorry you're having issue with picking up your order. Can you please forward details to ? -Hal
Watching this guy and girl talk in Walmart parking lot and she must be nervous cuz she has walked around the parking space atleast 5 times 😂
 Joe16Roberts even Walmart got into supreme resale lol
Hosted By MFrazz: Tracy Morgan -- Ex-Walmart Truck Driver Strikes Deal to Avoid Jail 
Walmart Pharmacy tells me the packaging of the Rx I take is more compliant than bottles. Top pills break from their… 
 camrenisreal  camichineisreal Chanel vs Walmart 
Burtle exclusive Hatchimal for sale! DM to to purchase!  hatchimals  walmart  christmas  amazon… 
 EastCoastKnits  Trebyl I don't shop Walmart anymore anyway, on principle (Jeff's principle, really!).
I recommend buying the Brita water filter container from Walmart or whatever brand you desire..
Okay  Walmart so nobody works in the electronics department or what?
NEW: Suspect in yesterday’s attack at Ohio State purchased knives at a Columbus-area Walmart just before the attack -  MLevineReports
Walmart draws and CVS draws really the same lol 
 DEmocrats  Obamacare just a way to punish  Republicans. Take money from working people, give it to Welfarista… 
Penguala (pink/real) Hatchimal for sale! DM me for details!  hatchimals  walmart  christmas… 
Walmart truck driver who struck Tracy Morgan's van pleads guilty 
 tcot  ccot  LNYHBT  TeaParty  ycot  realDonaldTrump Remember when Sam Walton's motto "Made in America" launched Wa… 
My mouth is numb from the dentist and I just realized I've been drooling in Walmart for the past 10 minutes
 Ezra_Henderson ok but notice me and tweet me ill even go out and promo ur album at walmart if u'll tweet me and  WMYB_Hannah
I'm at  Walmart in Edison, NJ 
 Asia_PersBoeingEsia please follow and direct message us so we can assist you further.
My language arts teacher is currently listening to the walmart choir 😂
I Can't Believe It's Not Butter at Walmart for  1.68 with Coupon 
Since it's 2016, Walmart is live-streaming Cyber Monday  Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video from  ods_twatter 24 HOUR WALMART CHALLENGE - KICKED OUT
COLLISION : Mapleview near Walmart w/f  400  Barrie Minor Injuries Emergency Crews are en-route  Traffic
Draggle (blue/purple) hatchimal for sale! DM me for details  hatchimal  hatchimals  walmart… 
Decisions were made here, on my way to Walmart. 
Bomb threat at Walmart at Ave J and 20th street east, building evacuated
COLLISION : Mapleview near Walmart w/f  400  Barrie Minor Injuries Emergency Crews are en-route  Traffic 
 diamondseacom That's sounds unpleasant. Please forward feedback at so we can improve. Thanks -Hal
 Walmart I did not .... I simply checked my self out and left.   I'm used to the long lines in this location and the one by house
Stock up on  OREOcookies at  Walmart.  .50 instant redeemable coupon plus  0.50 ibotta offer >>>… 
a guy at Walmart stopped me and complimented me and told me I am beautiful 

I love people
 libraryal i think I'll stay away from Walmart considering the time of year it is 😉  Trebyl
Made a spontaneous trip to Walmart for Christmas decorations and decorated in the cold darkness last night. Love th… 
 PokemonGoApp rattata I was at Walmart at 1200 it was crazy
 Walgreens I know where I'll be.  At Walmart. I hate them, but I have no choice.
 BitnerdGX Walmart typically puts out new games around 3 AM
I know a lot of rich people with flip phones and walmart shoes.
Need too hit Walmart
 wvudukegirl We’re working on resolving reported issues and will get back to you as soon as we can. -Shann
Stock up on  OREOcookies at  Walmart.  .50 instant redeemable coupon plus  0.50 ibotta offer >>>... 
"i'll just have to submit something to wellmark (blue cross blue shield)" 
patient: "walmart?!"
 DavidKaufer Didn't they say that about Walmart too?
Walmart thoughts:
"Why are there so many people here?"

"Why do I want to buy potato chips?"
12 Mind-blowing Shaving Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 iOSWolf  AJ170_iOS_King walmart 5s
 Walgreens A ton of people are gonna likely lose health insurance. Walmart is gonna clean up.
Where will you be?
 Trebyl  EastCoastKnits I have bought them in. It's if those places. Walmart were cheaper, but didn't last as long.
 JLMversus We also welcome your feedback and suggestions, thank you. -Hal
 Walmart 
Was told it was a policy they had been moving toward since earlier in the year. Did not ask for manager. Wasn't a big deal.
 Trebyl  EastCoastKnits I leave my sleepers in all the time. You can get them reasonably priced anywhere. Touch of Gold on SGR. Walmart.
👀 what the  SoulTrainWeekend hype was all about! Check out the Day Party  BigTiggerShow hosted… 
Hey,  Walgreens, you might want to consider a  4 prescription program like Walmart.
The automatic doors at walmart just closed on me and smushed me, hows ur day going?
Walmart shows off new drone technology to help the retailer monitor inventory!
 drone  gvexpo  Walmart 
Read More:… 
I'm dead 😭😭😭😭Walmart know wassup 😩 
in walmart about to have a breakdown whats new tho
Anybody that need a job the FIRST WALMART in MOUNT PLEASANT is hiring ‼️‼️‼️
 Game Aliens : Colonial Marines PC Computer Game WALMART EDITION Sealed Sega  VideoGame… 
Good Samaritan is shot dead in Walmart parking lot via  MailOnline
Came to Walmart for ice cream and I forgot to get ice cream 😩
found the cutest little toy at Walmart for the baby but then I opened a drink for my nephew and it got all over it and it was the only one:(
Website improvements, expanded online collections & free shipping may have helped Walmart compete with Amazon:… 
I live like 5 blocks away from Walmart and saw 4 people in the ditch on my way to work 😐
Mom and Jerry aren't answering their phone but haha jokes on them cause I lost the spare car keys in Walmart
Argument Between Grandmas Ends In Shootout At Texas Walmart, Cops Say | The Huffington Post 
 Walmart I was very unhappy with my experience when I visited walmart in Philadelphia PA, on Adams and Roosevelt Blvd.
After reading comments on Trump's Facebook page, I'm kind of thinking the United States should just change its name to People of Walmart.
Disney Infinity 3.0 Star Wars Saga Bundle PS4 for  20 + pickup at Walmart… 
Rain-X Expert Fit Beam Wiper Blade from  6 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart… 
Stalwart Adjustable Under Sink Organizer for  12 + pickup at Walmart… 
 localgreen13  benshapiro  NonGMOgranny  TheAtlNews it has begun.  We have self checkouts at walmart and fast food rest.
 Czar321 walmart.ca
 jarce27y  angryjoeshow  shadowofsorrow7  walmart yeah that is Bollocks Walmart
This Walmart smells like piss 🤔😷
 max_aleshire  AlfredtheGreat  riger1984  bobwojnowski Also i never said i disliked u of m i said i dislike the walmart nation = fans.
 JimmyArge Thanks for the information. Did you reach out to our store management about this issue yet? -Hal
I should have known east bumble fuck, banjo playing, shoes optional Walmart was lying when they said they had my item in stock.
We all knew a bitch like LaLa from He Got Game. They all work at WalMart now & answer all your questions w a bad attitude.
 Badlandsw0lf our Walmart had it and this was before Black Friday.  They only had omega on sale
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25  Walmart GC from  BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
Got my 50% discount card from walmart😩💁
Something about December by  christinaperri is playing in Walmart 🙌🏼🎄
Can I just say it...what THE HELL?  My Walmart experience today..a guy riding a unicycle & pushing a cart. All I ne… 
im using walmart's wifi and im about to go out so wait please
Ima get some food first then make my way to the library then to walmart
I liked a  YouTube video from  darkprevails 5 TRUE Walmart Scary Stories
I almost dropped 25 bucks on a plain ass H&M jacket but then remembered I can get the same thing for 5 bucks at Walmart lmao
FREE  10 Walmart Gift Card or Cash

Are you prepared for an Active Shooter? . EE2SD . Walmart . Target  Principals . BestBuy  Denver . DENAirport… 
Y'all go to Walmart with a basket full of SHIT then wanna price match it all . Take yo ass to the store that it's on sale at
 SeanCummins0_0 Our apologies. If a popular item comes back in stock at a higher price we don't price match the item -Hal
I received  2 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
 ih8kelsey  letnadirlive / you too good for walmart???
 lowtax  DMiddletonCbus You could actually buy a car for that, and the car would at least be a car and not a computer from walmart
Waiting for  BricksquaDsLiFE  so we can go to Walmart
 Walmart but can I pick it up in store? I'm to excited to wait for it to be shipped.
 LETNADiRLiVE / Walmart .... 😷
 iMoregia I'm jealous of her. My Walmart was sold out of both when I looked a few days ago.
Walmart's always too bright when you're smacked
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael EPIC WATER BOTTLE FLIPS ONTO FAMOUS SIGNS!! *WALMART*
Kentabot found 124 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Toys to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
There is straight up 3 old people standing in the Walmart parking lot observing the ducks fly over..I hope I have better hobbies at that age
Your soul is worth  25 in Babylon...dont believe me? Go to walmart and buy a tree...
/ I'm at Walmart BFNDNS but lms and I'll Dm u if u wanna plot smthn ?
 lukaseggen Were you given a reason? Did you speak to our store management about this yet? -Hal
Walmart Scare Prank...... 
Everybody and their brother at walmart rn
Glen Ellyn Walmart Fails Tobacco Compliance Check  Wheaton  News  parkbenchnews
So Walmart sell js now🤔 
omg Walmart fights are so much better in person than on YouTube.
Imma start selling Avon products in walmart parking lot
When you want to go to Walmart but don't have your license 
This delicious Sugar Cookie Latte Tiramisu is perfect for the holidays!  DelightfulMoments… 
Pulled in to Walmart...immediately forgot everything I came for
I was in walmart with my dad and saw this little crab just hanging out so I took a pic 
2016  Topps Holiday  JustinVerlander Walmart Snowflake  HMW82  Baseball  Pitcher 
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 6 Powerpoint Secrets
 mitanc The tracking system is down or the link we provided is down? -Shann
I got this cat lingerie set for  11 at Walmart last night, it comes w a lil Bell on the collar and also: ur welcome 
Through December 4th, Walmart is offering this Miracle-Gro AeroGarden EXTRA LED with Gourmet Herb Seed Pod Kit... 
BOUT TO GO TO THIS DOUBLE DECKER WALMART LOL AGAIN!!!  TMG  micfeelz
I be pulling all type of numbers at Walmart 😂
 Enny_Tilde  no_tabi_ a job is a job. I'd try the warehouse portion. Unfortunately, I think Walmart doesn't offer benefits due to Obamacare.
And Walmart
gotta go to walmart because cvs doesn't have it 😒
Walmart~ Up to  90 Off Miracle-Gro AeroGardens - 
I need someone with a car to take me to the neighborhood walmart
Iris Stor N Slide Plastic Storage File Boxes  [ Save 77% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
every time I have to wait in line at Walmart I lose 6 years off my life
Get a great holiday  recipe & enter this  25 eGift Card from  Walmart  giveaway  christy41970 US/CAN ends 12/6 
Everywhere .. Walmart target meijers 
New video!!! CRYING IN WALMART GONE WRONG!!!  pranks  itsaprank
✨   leave a little  sparkle wherever you go ✨   jordachegirls  ootd  wearwalmart  jordache  style
 Shop  Walmart |… 
Amazon, Target, and Walmart have already jumped into  devops. These titles can get you up to speed before 2017 | 


📺  Walmart  CyberWeek TV Deals: SAMSUNG 55" Curved 4K SUHD Smart LED TV -  1097.99 + free shipping!… 
Yooo walmart fr got sneakers now but they taxin 😷
I was in Walmart about to cop some backwoods and they charge 6 dollars for the pack
Don't know what to get me for Christmas ??? Go to Walmart and get me the 6 pack of pure leaf teas it's  5 for 6. Spend  20 get me 30 teas
>..<

 Welp

Argument between grandmas ends in shootout at Texas Walmart, cops say via  HuffPostCrime
Walmart got it right 
 Walmart I did just that. I wrote them a week ago, but I haven't had a response. And according to their page, they… 
 dy1onn kompton is opening a walmart...they need like 300 ppl bro...apply online ASAP...ill see wut i kan do
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <K57a> 
 _joellelly 😂😂😂 on thanksgiving in Walmart
Jul27 Tim Houston expensed  8.97 on Misc. Office Expense - Walmart, 8445, Notebook  nspoli
 AintJustNick our walmart is like 10 sqft
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <5j4K> 
Left some daypasses around game department in Walmart Pearl city.

Some are east to find.

To activate them you... 
This black friday was actually pretty calm and i went to walmart
Left some daypasses around game department in Walmart Pearl city.

Some are east to find.

To… 
Them 2 days I be off at Walmart Ima work at Olive Garden on them days 💸👌
I received  4 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
WE TOOK OVER WALMART HAHA
If I get 400 followers by tomorrow I will buy all of my local Walmart bleach 
So Walmart has this stand with some of the movies and shows they got (some blu-ray included),… 
 Walmart  Frannypack08 Do not drop them a note anywhere. Submit a  bbb_us  claim and let big brother hash out the details.  boycottwalmart
 johnblueriggs I believe it's only available in family size at Walmart right now. But pretty damn good...
Can you watch Arnold Schwarzenegger for a minute while  I go to Walmart? — yeah we don't want a repeat of last time 
Offered only to refund shipping fee, don't help be with my business when I can't get online. Off to Walmart to buy one now  amazonhelp
convo w/ mom   walmart
Me: Paige is 1 of my friends that takes no shit from any1 but is working customer service rn
Mom: LOL poor Paige
😂❤️
Why can't my campus have a Walmart 
S/o to Thomas in the Morrow Ga  Walmart. Out of all of the associates that walked by us AND DIDN'T SAY A WORD. This gentleman greeted us👌🏽
Then outta the blue while I'm doing things at work, he walks into Walmart unexpectedly to switch cars with me! 😊
Walmart needs free food samples they slackin
"If Dan can go into Walmart even though he has a warrant for his arrest you can go too Kyle!!" -  mellariee
Man shot to death driving toward off-duty officer at Walmart in Cahokia  GasStationCrimes
 nicholas01112  CaptainSparklez  realDonaldTrump people died for the flag...I got mine at Walmart.Good old bill hicks calling out dickheads
This week in the war on workers: Walmart loses  54 million wage theft lawsuit 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail
 Walmart  JLMversus That's Walmart's m.o. To screw the customer and falsely advertise sale prices.  boycottwalmart
 autumnnnnn7 that Perfume you have that I love so much, I found it at Walmart & I got some😂😂😂😩😍
 TomRtweets and horribly unfair to single them out. They pay competitive w other fast food. Same for Walmart vs competitors. But ez targets
Truck driver in devastating Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail - New York Daily News 
 Puertorock_AAGE  YouTube  psnewsnow  InfoScout typo but 4K tv for Walmart , favors xbox too.  Tomorrow full report .
Stillwater, Oklahoma Walmart looking packed with Star Wars goodies. 
Yup. When I tried to tweet that to straight talk or Walmart it wouldn't send.  LIVE_COVERAGE TY 
 inkedkings DUDE IM LIKE THE WALMART VERSION OF YOUR   IM PRESSED
Walmart's exclusive Hasbro 6" Star Wars Rogue One Scarif Trooper is back in stock, if you're looking 
Walmart Tupperware sets are SUPER cheap. We bought 2 boxes.  adultlife
 communitynets Not currently, but Walmart was the boogeyman before it and now they are struggling to hold their ground.
 steveolivas Have you seen this: A WALMART commercial with a guy wearing a KALE t-shirt--double Olivas whammy!
Pelonis Fan Heater for  10 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the <a...  قسمالتقنية 
 LyndaMSelf  Walmart Hi Lynda , where in the South are you at ? I'm in Alabama. Nice to meet you.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist STREAKING IN WALMART! (Doing YOUR Dares!) (Streaking, Pranks, Fights, +
Pelonis Fan Heater for  10 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the <a...  قسمالتقنية
 BeastFireTimdog  YouTube  psnewsnow  InfoScout I see Costco and Target not Walmart.
 Walmart  caldwelljt don't play their games. The consumer deserves better quality service. Walmart depends on our success.  boycottwalmart
Odenton-Severn Patch: Skimmer Found on ATM at Walmart in Hanover 
My life is about as organized as the  5 DVD bin at Walmart
 realDaveShack  NeonBlvck  Alienvan9o I have went to walmart recently. I have saw them
Q: what's worse than buying a computer from Walmart?
A: buying a  5,122.00 computer from Walmart 
i was going to say "im the walmart version of kylie jenner" but then i realized i really enjoy walmart
my brother and his friend are flaming my music the whole way to walmart 🙄
Fuck walmart
Gotta get these non slips from walmart doe.
I should really apply to this walmart stocking job.............
Marco S. of Los Fresnos, TX  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
 bugbountylife  Walmart Having the team look now. Our normal response is 1-2 days.  DM me the email address.
 Walmart  j5dyer it doesn't matter what item he purchased. It matters that you screwed him out of the transaction.  boycottwalmart
This girl keep saying my momma takes pipe 😂😂 lol I'm telling my momma when I get home how they play with her at Walmart
 mnewell15 really?  A keypad replaced the window person at Subway. Self checkers replaced lots of rude ungrateful cashiers at Walmart.
 Zanfire  Walmart I NEED THESE SO BoeingDLY
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart < paV> 
Driving thru a rainforest with perfect service rn walmart family mobile up in this shit yo
Sales professional with Walmart experience? I have a great NAM opportunity for you in  Toronto! 
Because I have to go to walmart soon. I hate Austintown. Seriously
 breaannalynnn it is so strong while it lasted 😂😂 I looked for some at Walmart but they don't even sell it
 adamely  Walmart 6-7 weeks almost
 realDaveShack  NeonBlvck  Alienvan9o They are sold in walmart where I am from. There again proving your point wrong
 V_of_Europe Like saying don't like Target/Walmart, I want Nordstrom/Saks. Who are these people? Send them back to shithole they came from.
Currently sitting next to Mrs.Perkins in the Walmart parking lot and I'm very uncomfortable
 bugbountylife  Walmart How long ago did you send?  Team is monitoring.
New York Daily News Truck driver in devastating Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail New York Daily News A fatigued Kevin… 
in line at Walmart Money Center, this broad smell like straight fish, like a mf fresh market went outta business.. I KNOW she smell that
Work.walmart.home lol
Hill, what say "we wear our house shoes to Walmart this 
Saturday"?

gotspandex 
 Puertorock_AAGE  YouTube  psnewsnow  InfoScout tomorrow which is retail, favoring Xbox one already 2 outlets Walma… 
Walmart dc was cheeks I'm sorry.
 realDaveShack  NeonBlvck  Alienvan9o What Walmart are you at?

I haven't even seen a fucking bible at any I've gone to
 NeonBlvck  ThatBlackGuyTy  Alienvan9o no i haven't i said in big stores by using the Walmart example
RCMP looking for 15 y/o Tryli Shorting, last seen leaving the Portage la Prairie Walmart on Nov 21  cbcmb 
i saw him live and hes like a copy of matty healy but in walmart edition 😶 
 ec6898d9ec0d43c My mom went to the walmart and they were out of pies, but she got the apple cobbler and ONLY GOT ONE DAMN!!!!!
Found this  Walmart & could not resist!  ClarissaExplainsItAll  NickelodeonTV  90sbaby ❤️️😍😂😎  MelissaJoanHart… 
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25  Walmart GC from   BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
Walmart missed out on an opportunity there. 
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail |  nydailynews
 creativitybooster: Copy-write remnant demand at Walmart. TOP 10 ideas:  growthhacking  SEM
Chanel vs walmart 
Oh my days I'm sooo mad ffs what do you even get for 800.00 in Walmart 😭😭😭
Was just told  Walmart wouldn't price match ... its own website. Um ... Ok?
I legit almost fought a dude in a walmart cuz he cussed at my blind as fuck grandma
Be at Walmart in 15 min. 
How2Recycle membership jumps thanks to Walmart private label suppliers - How2Recycle via  sharethis  packaging
why can't the campus walmart take swipes :-(
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's Top 5 Little-known Tcp/ip Networking Tips
just found the first 2 uncharteds + skyrim in ps3 discount bins at walmart 🖒🖒🖒
 JTArchives Walmart Exclusive Scarif Stormtrooper in stock! Hurry!  19.96
Slutty Rednecks from Walmart
What I hear on the daily                                 Does your brother work at Walmart? Are you Garrett's sister?
i'm drunk in walmart waiting for them to put new tires on my car how's ur tuesday.
I got "GEVALIA® Kaffe Costa Rica" in So Many Blends, So Little Time via  takeadailybreak 
Walmart kermit the frog version 
I always spend all of my money in Walmart that's why I don't ever GOOO!!!!!!!
In walmart picking up some stuff for my cousins for christmas they are expensive.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart!!


"This is a bigger j9b than I thought".  I think Trump thought  POTUS was part-time job like a Walmart greeter.  Thi… 
 PRT  BabyFood  Sprout Organic Fruit and Veggie Blend Pear Kiwi and 
I'm going to be making this Baklava  recipe for the  holiday.  ad  baklava... by  brandyellen via  c0nvey
 NeonBlvck  Alienvan9o you can still buy a quran at your local Walmart but you cant get the flag that represents the history behind it
legit just going to Golden Corral and Walmart with  jacobrmartin7 and I'm soooo excited 💙💙💜💜
this woman deadass just asked me if i worked in the walmart AS I WALKED UP WEARING MY MCDONALDS SWEATER
Guess what? Walmart is raising the minimum wage, or didn't you know that? ~  Fightfor15 
Kentabot found 2 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Patio & Garden to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
I liked a  YouTube video HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US
Our families living at  GardenCityPines had a tasty Thanksgiving with turkeys donated from  ChisomHousing & the… 
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 15 Options Trading Secrets
Nicki just posted Best Buy mannequin challenge but Walmart did it first 😌😇😊
Help! Our vacuum in our dog area and now the one for the rest of the shelter have both DIED! 

We need a vacuum... 
 Walmart are y'all going to honor cyber Monday price if I ordered game already then received email saying y'all were out of stock??
Can Walmart Keep Up Its Game Of Chicken With Visa? Two of the biggest companies doing
Heading to Fulton Walmart soon for YC3 Sticker Shock Activity!
The Gucci version of mine bc I'm Walmart 
 KolbertReport  JonathanHoenig So the Sam Walton Walmart motto never really worked? Time to rewind history Jonathan. 
 tajs22 true. I saw you and Annie in Walmart. Lol get everything you need?
Walmart and McDonald's 
Focus on our most valued asset- Walmart-funded Chicago Retail Sector Center Opens via  sharethis
 Walmart hello, it was the philadelphia mills location
 madisonajar go to Walmart and get some 😂😂
 babystroller to  shopping cart   the  market,  Costco, Target, Walmart?Need a  helpinghand?Buy QVC… 
This man was at Walmart w his mother and he had on matching weed hoodie and joggers and a SnapBack and vest....
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal  ShoutNews
FREE  10 Gift Card are STILL AVAILABLE
Choose Target-Macys-WalMart
►
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <_EMu> 
When U c ROBLOX Card At Walmart

 ROBLOX
People Of Walmart 2016 
Currently at Walmart and this lady in front of me is telling the cashier what the prices of the stuff she's buying would be at bashes, wut
 Happy_Skippy_ very nice, you must be driving the men of Walmart wild!
Pfft, well at least I'm taking a half-assed stab at being a conscious consumer. Suck on that, people of Walmart.
Bezos is SATAN
He is involved in  PizzaGate
He destroys wages worse than  Walmart 
 BoycottAmazon 
E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now Walmart really has to compete on Amazon’s turf. (via  Pocket) 
 brendonurie Walmart needs your permission to put your picture on a cake thanks
Should have sucked it up and gone to the other Walmart to get yarn.
Message to Gimpy:  Peg & Eve were threatening to give money I preloaded onto Walmart Card to Gimpy to buy back her friendship but they ----
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal - ABC News - via  ABC 
 PatrckStatic  walmart is selling gengar slippers 
Walmart vs. Target. Autocensoring shit out of the middle of a name seems … wrong
The real question is why isn't Murphys connected to the Walmart parking lot??
Channel X Walmart // Channel X Walmart
LET'S GO HARMOS
 MTVStarsFifthHarmony 
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal 
 QuiBids Last win was a  25 Walmart gift card.   FreeBids
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal  ExposeTheGoods
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal  Entertainment
Did yall know that Walmart sells Jordans?
❤ Fashion  Celebrity KELLY CLARKSON Wrapped In Red 2013 Walmart Exclusive  CD +  DVD USA SEALED F1833… 
Cyber Monday 2016 best deals on HDTVs, laptops, electronics: Walmart, Am.. Related Articles: 
I know it's not Walmart but wooooow!! 
At Walmart:  EnviroCare - Save  1.00   onlinecoupons  printablecoupons  save.ca  save.ca  walmart -... 
Visit our North Highlands Walmart store in Sacramento & meet Michelle! St John's is an amazing community resource… 
Channel × Walmart   camichineisreal
 MTVStarsFifthHarmony 
LET'S GO HARMOS 
I don't think I've ever gone to Walmart and not seen someone I know.
. ferretsplayZ Hi, what country are u in? USA has them~ 14.99us  Walmart  Target & UK  bookdepository £11.41~follow bk,can help more on DM=)
 Thanksgiving &  BlackFriday wknd was relatively calmer in-store at  Walmart as online shopping's growth continued.… 
someone come to walmart w me so i can buy a card so i can use my phone
Home, Home on the Range

Argument Between Grandmas Ends In Shootout At Texas Walmart

That was a headline in the... 
gina S. of Providence, RI  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 lualilies omg thanks!! it's actually a pet bowl from walmart lmao
 NYDailyNews  ShaunKing    Hey King, Just wondering what you think.  
"We do have running water... And a Walmart..." - me desperately trying to defend the UP to someone who thought it was uninhabited
Have you requested your  free Baby Welcome Box yet?  ad 
 
 baby  welcome  walmart  babybox… 
 kikujirobill  deprive  sammyqueer thank you!! 👏🏽👏🏽 I can't buy bras at Walmart because they literally do not carry my size
2 black suspects wanted in another Grovetown Walmart shoplifting
 Walmart  Is anything being done about the insane markup from the 3rd party sellers? People think its being done by walmart themselves
Cartier Watch for sell From Walmart Wal-Mart 
Done food shopping for this week and now drinking asda's (Walmart in USA) own bourbon, I know I'm a posh twat.😉

No you fuck off! 😂
 Tylerhenness did you really buy mom's present at Walmart?
So I went to Walmart last night looking to see if they had any karaoke cds there and they didnt hardly have any... 
 TJFindeiss  AllisonFeldmann  davidgrahl Yea Ok but it's still the closest Walmart. 
Beverly  S. of Kansas City, MO  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist BLACK Couple Get Into A Heated Argument With WHITE Woman At Walmart
BLACK Couple Get Into A Heated Argument With WHITE Woman At Walmart: via  YouTube
My 6yo wants an apple watch for Christmas 😩; she gon' get this walmart Disney watch tho & be Merry 😂😂
Woman Shot At Walmart In Dallas During Custody Exchange « CBS Dallas / Fort Worth  GUNviolence  
This man came into Walmart trying to be my sugar daddy 😂
Why do I always find myself in Walmart ? 🤔
i somehow always pick the line at walmart of the cashier that doesn't know what the fuck they're doing
Wal-Mart Truck Driver Pleads Guilty in Deadly New Jersey Turnpike Crash That Injured Tracy Morgan - NBC 10 Philade… 
So Walmart popping. Hints for Christmas 
Nevada man dead after fight over Walmart parking space on Thanksgiving (reports) 
Wow Texas and Walmart my 2 least favorite things in one sentence 
 ArlettScay Hell, I walk through the cookie aisle at walmart all the time, I bet I could do that
why would we need water, when walmart is selling four 2liter bottles of coke for a such a great price
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal - 
 Walmart Thanks for the reply June. Seems like due to policy theres nothing I can do. An error in the system shouldn't punish the customer.
£800.00 in Walmart in America, whoever you are cheers pal x
 Walmart Finding it (1 min) wasn't the issue.  Leaving with it (40+ min wait in Express lanes with only 5 people ahead of me) was
PBIS team celebrate receiving the Walmart Community Grant again to fund incentives  BHSOfficialHCS  HamptonCSchools… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Westminster, CO 
It is not every day you get great products into Walmart! 
So glad Walmart site to store isn't busy 😐 
Jose S. of Salem, NJ  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Wholly Guacamole It’s a Coupon for Guacamole via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
 8) DEAR SIR
 SenSanders ON MY KNEES BUT CAN'T GET UP
I BESEECH U
INVESTIGATE USA GOVT
USA MILITARY
USA CHEM CORPS
MONSANTO 4 SURE
WALMART 2
Have nighas started buying j's from walmart yet? I'm out of touch with today's trends
 Britton_Avery like it was at walmart too 😂😂 not even tryna steal yo man girlllllll.
Y'all like labels too much, I'm simply comfortable in some old navy jeans & a Walmart graphic tee 🙄
People Of Walmart: 20 Funny Photos Where Weirdness Rules. via  LifeBuzzNews
Almost no bottled water packages remaining at the Walmart on UT's campus. I'm hopeful they are all in or traveling to Gatlinburg.
It's suppose to get really bad 😩 and I'll be stuck in Walmart !😡
Walmart Driver in Tracy Morgan Crash Accepts Plea Deal - ABC News 
 RealDCervantes  Walmart That's BS Walmart! You guys need to honor the deal
 warriors112 Anyone who wants to donate some to my class, they are    8.00 at Walmart. We need the 65cm (blue) ones. 
Went to Walmart for Listerine and I left with a 6 foot Christmas tree and all the essentials to go with it.😅Christmas in my room this year!
Tryli Shorting, 15, from Brandon, MB, missing since Nov. 21. Last seen leaving Portage Walmart at 3:30 pm. Info? Ca… 
Argument between grandmas ends in shootout at Texas Walmart, cops say 
 bethanynwallis i know oak grove walmart has them right down from the scents but bastrops were with the lamps and stuff when i looked
Walking into Walmart holding Easton and he zips my zipper and says "Cover up! It's chilly out!" Little shits getting so big! 💞💞
 binogore We understand your frustration! Check out for details of our fee plan to avoid any future surprises -Rick
Hate coming to Walmart just hate it
i came in with the whole Joe Boxer walmart sweatsuit with the playboy socks with the sock holsters and sum Sesame Street Loafers  2Cozy
Feels like I work at Walmart everyday , customers even ask when I'm off 🙂
 Retweet  Handbags  Studded Transparent Envelope Clutch Purse with 
Walked into Walmart holding hands, 2 men by a truck in camo yelled some shit at us. This never happened once to us before, it's not normal.
 Walmart this was a purchase I received a confirmation email, paid for it and then  walmart cancelled the order.  It is is unfair practices
Walmart: Keurig K50 Coffee Maker ONLY  69.99 Shipped 
This kid legit sniffed dust bunnies at Walmart
Haven't even been in Walmart 10 minutes &got asked twice where stuff was because people think I work here because I'm in my school uniform😂
Jury awards California  truckers  54 million in  WalMart wage suit 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Chicago, IL 
Kentabot found 43 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Auto & Tires to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
Bruh these two ladies about to fight in Walmart 👀👀👀 *moves out the way* 😐 man wth happened to pe... 
 jimmyfallon Walmart's latest Christmas gift lol!  funny 
This cut under my foot is makin it hard to walk, im limpin around walmart lookin like a weirdo haha
What a scam  Walmart is,I bought a tv on Black Friday and they cancelled it without no resolution due to their pric… 
okay, so im going 2 rec. it next time but! I heard  MariahCarey singing "Happy Holidays" msg on  Walmart radio!!! Caught me so off gaurd!
Walmart: Cheap Hefty Slider Bags (Save more then 50%) 
 ClarebearNC I've been drinking these green juices I bought at Walmart for the past 3 days now!! Starting to feel a difference😖😋😋
Walmart got some Eddy's Eggnog Icecream out now. 😋🍦
Don't forget to donate to the Junior class blanket drive - ends tomorrow!It only costs  2.50 at Walmart to make someone's day🤗  AAMU  AAMU20
Did you see the  Christmas flavors this year ->  ad  Holidayswithbetty  Recipe  Foodie
❤ KellyClarkson Wrapped In Red 2013 Walmart Exclusive  CD +  DVD USA SEALED F1833  Singer 
rogelio  g. of Findlay, OH  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Only in  newmexicotrue  foodculture   Walmart Taos 
This lady at the Walmart checkout was dogging me & I wanted to tell her that her LV from algodones was cute..
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail ^NYDailyNews
 stltoday Has the  Walmart Safety Team provided footage from their security system?
Casually being held hostage at Walmart Automotive
Dear  OriginalFunko, I'm so close to finishing my  RogueOne collection. I'm just missing the Walmart exclusive… 
 Tinnaaa94 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
[walmart] Jogo Ps3 Mortal Kombat Vs Dc Universe (Marketplace) por R  29,90 
Great career Opportunity for  Environmental  Health & Safety Professional! 
 RomieisBadd 

Just goes in the bed with you IF the baby sleeps in the bed.
Baylee dropped all her coins at Walmart and I just laughed at her and these two Mormon boys helped her pick them all up 😂😂😂
Wanna get pissed off... Ask somebody who work at Walmart for some help when they on break
Dude at Walmart yelled at me allllll the way while I walked to my car even though I looked dead at his ass and ignored him. 🙄
I lucked up when walmart called me in for an interview 😭😭😭 Thought I'd never get a job
Sooo I found a purse in a basket in  Walmart today, returned it to customer service, some lady comes in the section it was in freaking out
Rain or shine- we need to  stuffthebus  ad Walmart VB Blvd until 10pm!! 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart and Ross Winter Decor Haul || Giveaway Reminder
A member of our well regulated militia shoots her grandchild's other grandma during a custody exchange at  Walmart. 
Cheddar Bacon Ranch Meatballs are perfect for the holidays.
>>  FreshHolidayTips AD .… 
 GraysonDolan Walmart wifi
Going for the (Gamer) Green | Walmart Arcade Claw | JJGeneral1 | Arcades Fun Can I Win Jackpot: via  YouTube
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail  BKLYN  
Something to celebrate —
This week in the war on workers: Walmart loses  54 million wage theft lawsuit 
 Walmart your online order pick up at Sunrise FL store is a disaster.  2nd trip here and still struggling to collect my order.  Help!
Remember to bring toys, children's clothing, and non-perishable food to the Walmart this Friday!  Info here --> 
 Walmart -ToniH Unfortunately (for you), I was able to get the same price at your competitor, without the hassel. Order cancelled.
*walk into walmart* 
"y'all look like the cast of twilight"
Imma be the old nigga working at Walmart when I retire. I can't just sit at home idk how y'all do it.
 h_atsune WHY DID I TYPE WALMART I MEANT MCDONALDS DHSVSGSGS
Ex-Walmart truck driver in Tracy Morgan crash takes plea deal: 
Wow people at Walmart love their job
 queenzingha IDK sigh let's go to Walmart
rexchaney : I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Chandler, AZ (via Twitter 
Why everyone that work at Walmart go live on fb ? Lol am I missing something here ...
should i go to walmart rn?
i just payed a buck for this at walmart im an adult 
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail: Kevin Roper, 37, pleaded… 
 Walmart having to call for and wait 15 minutes just for an associate to come to the counter I would say is failing, yes.
So over working at Walmart😒
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Fake Walmart Employee Prank! (ON THE INTERCOM)
fraud is a felony and i'm finding out who spent money on my card at walmart and whata😂😂😂 jokes on u
Some bitch just cut me in line at the Walmart
Più successo Amazon "brick-and-mortar" che Walmart "online"? Amazon’s drive-in grocery store marks new offline push… 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Chandler, AZ 
Wow working at Walmart is such garbage
 ReTweet  Specials  Personalized Honeycomb Cotton Baby Blanket 
this man almost ran me over in the walmart parking lot. finals week is next week, way to get my hopes up dude
 Walmart Please reply to your security email for bug bounty.
 Kids  Toys:  StarWars Black Series 6" WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMTROOPER MISB Lot of 3! 
 StarWars R2-D2 SMART Droid STAR WARS Intelligent RC App Enabled Walmart Exclusive NEW  Episode
Police: Walmart employee transitioning to female shoots co-worker over alleged threats 
This cashier at Walmart just told me to "be good" when I was leaving 😂😂 do I look like I'm about to do some bad shit or something?
 Retweet  Specials  Better Than Heaven 
 kennyfreakin Have we failed? Could you elaborate? -Rad
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Valley Stream, NY 
Enter to Win a  250 Walmart Gift Card from Whole Heart & Home 
 Retweet  Specials  Personalized Honeycomb Cotton Baby Blanket 
Don't  mind cheap stuff made in China & sold cheap in Walmart. Premium stuff at premium prices & made overseas rubs… 
Walmart's website is blowing up  Walmart via  TheStreet
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Everett, WA 
A Geezer  Alert :  Walmart's Booming E-Commerce Plans; Tesla Grows Up; Nike's Self-Lacing… 
 Walmart Are you still putting up NES Classic units at 5pm EST every day? Or has that ended? If so, any plans to again?
chanel vs walmart 
. NapervillePD trying to find 4 people in  Walmart  fire investigation 
The little fleece throw blankets are  2.50 at Walmart and a perfect donation for the ARL!
 GraysonDolan walmart wifi
I'm having a breakdown in a Walmart parking lot and I didn't know my life could get sadder
 GraysonDolan theres no wifi like walmart
The fact that I have to redo a level of Pathways is why people don't want to work at Walmart.
Today at work I got paid to:
Go to walmart for Xmas decorations 
Watch makeup tutorials 
Eat soup
Smoke
Remember to pick up your  StellaCheeses at  Walmart this Holiday Season  ad  cheeseboard  QualitySince1923
My car didn't start acting like this until AFTER I got my oil changed at Walmart. Smfh
Nothing like being ignored at the  Walmart  jewelry counter for 20 minutes despite asking 2 different employees for help.
 LockheedMartin, a  Military-contractor that will make billions under Trump, hired by  WalMart to spy on  unions 
Still a few hours to hit  Z104StuffTheBus   Walmart Town Center VB.. every SINGLE gift helps make a CHILD smile... everything stays LOCAL
 ladyisacat i avoid work like the plague when i'm off. like oh i need milk? better get some from the walmart farther away.
 Vintage  Retro  80s Wal-Mart Truck Driver Pleads Guilty in Deadly New Jersey Turnpike Crash That Injured Tracy Mo… 
didn't have a cart, so i walked around walmart holding my wine like a baby bc... priorities 🍷
I don't think it's necessary Walmart have a national tv ad to let everyone know my shirt is  8.
❤ Entertainment  Buzz KELLY CLARKSON Wrapped In Red 2013 Walmart Exclusive  CD +  DVD USA SEALED F1833… 
Every damn time in Walmart🙄 
If  FaZe_Rain retweets this I'll go to Walmart dressed as the vape god himself  FaZe_Rain
Found some DIRE NEEDS in Walmart just now 
 MakDaddy2015 Walmart will be the death of us tonight
This woman at Walmart needs to lose her attitude.
It beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Find our easy trick for getting into the holiday spirit here:     ad
 PregameEng I should because they're at least sponsoring a car. At least I hit up Target over Walmart every single time.
 sierrastubble Walmart lol
I wanna go to walmart but the process of getting to walmart is what's stopping me...
The shopping trip at Walmart was lit 🔥🔥🔥 
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail
Is it time to start looking for new cookie recipes? I found something fun and quick!  BakeWithBetty   ad
There's literally a bird harvesting on some lettuce in Walmart 😳
me and anna just went to walmart and bought so much junk food. finals, i am ready for u (not really)
Always getting dragged here...   Walmart Pensacola - Pensacola Blvd 
 MattWalshBlog Walmart distribution center here pays  16 an hour with benefits, but it's hard labor
Skimmer Found on ATM at Walmart in Hanover 
 Ola_Not_Hola waiting on my 20% off voucher from Walmart tomorrow then I'm copping
Amber and Ben were being wild at Walmart lmao 😂😭  Rubixo_
 j5dyer What item did you purchase? -Rad
im going to walmart brb 
I walked into Walmart w my Heb shirt and an employee was like "oh no she didn't we about to jump her" ☹️ i just want my oil changed ☹️
 Pspeer It may take up to 4-6 wks to process your request about receiving emails for marketing campaigns. Sorry for the inconvenience. -Rad
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <jQ56> 
 MitchJonez "getting shit done" = jacking off at walmart ??
Dickhead  Walmart employee just dropped container of berries all over the floor, picked them up and put them back on the shelf.  notsuprised
I'm being so extra today. I laminated my Walmart list.
I suppose I can understand why companies like Walmart won't raise their min. wage. I'm still not convinced the Waltons have enough money.
IS IT MY IMAGINATION?  Wally World parking lots are not the safest place to be.  
 Walmart is there a way to change the pick up location to one that can actually get it done?
 gkcaufield why burn the flag when you can burn the whole walmart
 USA Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail: Kevin Roper, 37, pleaded guilty to…… 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <iTm5> 
White bricks only has one jungle gym and it was bought from Walmart. SMFH
 gunsense Argument between grandmas ends in shootout at  Texas  Walmart, cops say via  HuffPostCrime
You know it's a shitty day when your debit card declined your purchase at Walmart🙃😭
Im bored af someone come to walmart and keep me company
 FunnyPicsDepot  _AdrianTheGreat us at Walmart😎
Couple Get Into A Heated Argument With A Woman At Walmart!

L M A O  
Keranique Walmart Review - 
There's a giant box of mixed Legos like I had when I was a kid at Walmart and I want it.  dearsanta
 WalmartCanada just got turned down for price matching, why would something like this happen  walmart  bestbuy  ElderScrollsOnline
 Walmart right, but there won't be an email. Just logged into the site. I'm just wondering why it takes so long to grab a video game.
 Walmart is making me a crazy person today. Tried to check out 15 times with photo presents & keep getting a technical difficulties error.
Please consider donating a Walmart/Superstore GC to support the  St_Andrew145 Tree of Light campaign. 
What's going on  Walmart 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 291 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 11/29/2016 4:19:52 PM
 Walmart How can I send you a message; can't fit everything in a tweet. Thx.
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
 lorenalmartinez me at Walmart trying to buy that fruit last week 
If you still hangout at Walmart every night, you need to get a life. You will amount to nothing. Good luck. 🍀
Disney Infinity 3.0 Star Wars Saga Bundle PS4 for  20 + pickup at Walmart  Coupons

Read more: 
 perenties got him at walmart!! You might be able to find him too
wow it's super weird seeing the man ringing the Christmas bell for donations outside of Walmart in shorts & a tshirt in Ohio in November lol
Albertsons scrapping most self-service lanes in SoCal: As more retailers including Walmart and Target boost… 
 CoolAssEb__ Walmart every damn day
 fox32news  Walmart we have no fathers club
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail - New York Daily News 
After hunting many stores for a VR headset I finally snagged one at Walmart and the rest at Best Buy. 
why does it look like hes wearing a suit from walmart lmao 
Is Walmart hiring
I gotta work at walmart today at 4😒
Hey  Walmart since when does it take two weeks to get items you've ordered and paid for?! 🤔
Kentabot found 1 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Clothing to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
 case_if What's going on, Max? How can we help? Please tell us more. -June
 youthwastelands like do you even still work at Walmart?
 WeeksDalton every single time at Walmart 😂 
 bbroxey could get 22 of these shirts for that money, and since it's a t-shirt and not a car they'd outlast you too. 
Never worked at Walmart
Look what I found at Walmart!  ENTheatreDept 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Fulton, MO w/  gremsd 
 PRT  Specials  Better Than Heaven 
See, the thing is is that I got mine from walmart.
Fuck you walmart!🖕🏼
Going to Walmart with the LU fam so won't be able to tweet when the new vid is up. Peep 
Woman shot at Walmart in Dallas during custody exchange involving grandmothers 
Need to run to Walmart to get kyndal more formula , feel like complete death tho lol
So Emily got a megaphone from Walmart today. I'm scared.
Can't spam cause I'm going to Walmart with friends but peep pinned  GraysonDolan  EthanDolan
Hey! Why dont you move there?? Then I wont have to worry about running into you at Walmart.
 Omygee_Angel lol Walmart got youv
Walmart Cyber Monday Last Minute Deal Blowout:  97.99 32-inch Samsung LED TV
i just napped in the walmart parking lot for two hours. my mother cultivated my ability to sleep any/w & every/w as a kid and i'm glad
 MaxMartianus  i_zoellner they apparently sell them at Walmart, but I like the enthusiasm!
the wilton bundt pan i got at walmart in self check out was 69 cent, retail value 8 dollars, WHAT A STEAL
 Emilysomething1 GOOD IDEA IM AT WALMART RN I CAN BUY A GUN
Walmart truck driver involved in fatal  RealTracyMorgan crash avoids jail 
 nickbaumgardner your Walmart Wolverine jokes to life long fans, your dogging of the team, its just not a good look for Michigan Football.
 JustJared  PennBadgley Walmart Zayn
Should get a VS bag and go to Walmart for the bras
STILL MISSING
Possible sightings Jefferson mall and the new Walmart near Outerloop at Preston-Louisville 
Fuck you have to in my grandmother's house yoga studios are the ideal movie that have to travel the guy for people on a walmart.
i go to walmart
 ROBLOX
health care isn't free market, it's local market. Many things can reduce care cost - pretending it's Walmart shopping isn't one of them
 Walmart to have everything ready for me by the time I get there just for me to get home and realize things are missing
 Walmart  Mammoth666 who is mammoth?
Enter to win  250 Walmart gift card 
 Free Barilla Traditional Basil Pesto at Walmart (after cash back rebate). 

 kaylaazbell23  WHY IS THIS US AT WALMART😭😭😭😂😂😂😂 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <ya]E> 
How Walmart's former e-commerce guru plans to revolutionise the automotive industry 
Dress up your table with table cloths and runners from  BHG at  Walmart! 
 HyVee seems like you could have 1 express lane open. Had to wait behind full buggies to get 1 item. Set yourself apart from Walmart
 Walmart had a Walmart pick up today and I just got home and three of my things are missing, very disappointed!! You guys are suppose
Dollar general, the neighborhood walmart, and the super walmart all don't have fucking protractors
 caldwelljt We continue to strive to always meet your expectations. Contact us at: 1-800-924-9206 and we'll see what we can do to help. -Rad
Happy  WalMart said Merry Christmas to me and had Salvation Army at the door collecting donations.
 Mike_harper08 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Try the new  Walmart grocery app - put stuff in your cart and then go pick it up in a week. It's very convenient.  getreal
Before & After tackling my  SCJMessyMoments
 
  ad
 
See what Windex® Brand  Walmart can do! 
Noah Cyrus look like the Walmart version of Miley
 SenSanders U morons don't get if ppl make lo pay like Walmart workers we subsidize them w/food assistance medicaid. No jobs 4 college grads
walmart 
I will NEVER understand why there is always seagulls in the Walmart parking lot
"Who owns the D," a Wal-Mart exec barks. You run in terror: 
 CRahjes thats true. drunk guy on lawn mower driving thru walmart=florida. crazy militia member with govt hit list=montana. FL's is more fun
Disney Infinity 3.0 Star Wars Saga Bundle PS4 for  20 + pickup at Walmart - 
 In2017IPredict Starbucks will merge with Walmart to give you a shitty cup of coffee to drink while you look at shitty merchandise
DID YOU KNOW....

We are OPEN 24 hours a day ONLINE!!

 SayWhat?


I want too many things that my job at Walmart will not pay for
Walmart: Hamilton Beach 2-Liter Professional Deep Fryer for just  23.96 (reg.  34.99)! 
 BREAKING Wal-Mart truck driver pleads guilty in NJ Turnpike crash that injured Tracy Morgan and killed James McNai… 
James Taylor is playing in Walmart and I couldn't be more content
. OptionPit is loving  Walmart, find out why.  Retail . AngieMiles . YourFox18  CWRichmondTV
Driver Pleads Guilty in Deadly Crash That Hurt Tracy Morgan

The Skonie Skoop
I'm trying get on at Walmart fr.
 Mammoth666 We suggest checking your e-mail's Inbox and Spam folders for communication from us on your order. Please keep us posted! -June
. adamjohnsonNYC  ChMadar  AP I'm sure Walmart cleared much more than 54m by robbing its employees for decades.  wristslap
 david_andreatta absurd quibble after reading & contrasting w headline; i peeve out over diff & cant let walmart get credit unless due :)
Walmart taps artificial intelligence to deliver the next-gen of personal shoppers  Wired  CA_Rewrite… 
Just watched a guy get hit by a car in the parking lot of Walmart 😅
Automate in  manufacturing with a Wal-Mart Nextbook 
 queerbun it's an ethically shitty company but it can't be worse that walmart, except for the constant christian music
Get the  recipe for  pioneerwoman's Favorite Christmas Cookie  ad  christmas  cookie… 
 miles_of_kayy Walmart but I tried too hard for too long and just used a hammer and that worked lol
 QuiBids the last thing I won on QuiBids was a  10 Walmart gift card and 15VB for  0.62 using only 5VB.
Had to hit up Walmart for groceries in case this snow wanna mess around and turn into a blizzard ❄️❄️❄️
She had a shootout with a deputy...... 
meet me at walmart in 10 minutes if you want an asskicking
 korrinebastian Walmart or Payless
 PetalPurr  ThorSelfies Three of them were purchased at Walmart, they are very soft, the bright orange tiger was bought at Big Cat Rescue. 🐾
Bought a box of puffs from Walmart and immediately received an email asking me to rate my purchase. How does one rate a tissue??
*in line at Walmart*
Nick: should I be a pornstar
 hbkd1973 yup, although if I do have any luck it usually comes from Walmart, after that it is a crap shoot
Dear lady in Walmart picking your 10 y/o daughters nose, please stop.
Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail  Nets  
I went to target, Walmart and Kroger! Whew!
Walmart: Play-Doh My Little Pony Set Only  5.27 or Despicable Me Minions Set Only  5.98 
Truck driver in devastating Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail 
Truck driver in devastating Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail: Kevin Roper, 37, pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide…… 
Truck driver in devastating Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail  Nets  NBoeing 
Just bought a Walmart golf umbrella in Hamden for tonight's Hillhouse football game. Are you ready for some football? I am now baby  cthsfb
On a happier note, the  Walmart Supercenter on Immokalee and I-75 has Calbee shrimp chips. 
This sweet man at Walmart just made my whole day 💕
 XBLTheBigK1 Walmart in the US is now selling the nes classic for  250, at least it is better then what the old  500 price tag thay had
 washingtonpost My 1400 FPS laser pointed pellet gun works much better and only costs  188   walmart. And the landing is much, much cooler.
 postsecret I've often wondered lately which will become "BnL" in our future "Wall-E" earth. Walmart or Amazon?
 soccerluis11 75 for the game and 40 for the controller well 48 cuz of tax I bought games at game stop and controller from Walmart
 CoreyALeigh We'll still help you find the lowest advertised prices in your area with our Savings Catcher program. -Rad
 erikafamous Did you guys come across some good flicks this week? -June
this girl is taking a selfie in the middle of the walmart parking lot while it's raining
In walmart. Trying to buy soup
If I was Tracy, I'd put a hit on this dude with my Walmart settlement. 
Walmart: Keurig K50 Coffee Maker ONLY  69.99 Shipped via My South Central ...  Walmart  RetailDeals 
 abbeyeddins97 I got really cute shiny black ones from walmart for  13 😁
Walmart Dedicated Truck Driving Jobs in Fairmont Austin, MN  FairmontAustin  MN  jobs  jobsearch 
I..I'm still lost in Walmart
It's been three days haha😅
[41128] Friends - Amusement Park Space Ride is on sale for  13.99 (30% off from reg. 19.99) 
 TheDotGeek It's currently available for Preorder online: -Rad
 obivghn i mena,,,you can at walmart so i dont see why not elsewhere
your sister is on the iphone 7 at walmart  morganhubbard99 😂 
Seen two dirty ass rednecks feeling each other up in Walmart grabbing her titties under her shirt and everything
Police looking for teens who set fire at suburban Wal-Mart 
 Naperville  walmart
Samsung 32" 720p LED LCD HDTV,  50 Walmart GC for  148 +  6 s&h

 zokiplz just a sneak peak at my Walmart haul!!! Also got some lettuce and tomatoes!! TREAT YO SELF LADIES 
Report: St. Augustine woman stole Magic Mike DVD, dry salami from Walmart 
NYDailyNews: JUST IN: Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Chula Vista, CA 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <[Gpq> 
My mom bought the wrong kind of "fruit smiles" from Walmart 😭😩
JUST IN: Walmart truck driver in fatal Tracy Morgan crash avoids jail 
By myself at Walmart * 😩😂 hate growing up
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? SLEEP BETTER 4 LESS
Ms Shannon is still missed!   Walmart Supercenter Gainesville 
 A1Waff  wydSoup  MarkyWap  x2Pac_ThuGLorD boi you got that from the  1 claw machine at walmart
I hate coming to walmart
Put your kids' artwork to use this holiday season - with custom DIY gift wrap!   walmart  WrapGiveRepeat  ad… 
my parents made me return a Limp Bizkit CD to Walmart so I get it 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <U?dk> 
Can the ppl who fight ppl at walmart on black friday even afford black friday deals? I know shit is cheap but it still cost   
I lowkey miss working at Walmart 😂💯
 nowyouknow4567  KingofCaliforni  GailWalden6  CNN yeah profits corps like Walmart can afford it
The people of Walmart scare me
 CopThatShitMelo u can buy one at Walmart. Like an AM EX gift card. N u put what ever money u want on it
i went to Walmart and  SilverHeroK let me spend 150  on useless crap that may or may not include a pair of 25  Charizard slippers
The world's biggest economic entities: 

US 
China 
Germany 
Japan 
France 
UK 
Italy 
Brazil 
Canada 
Walmart 
McDonald's at Walmart on Colfax and Wadsworth in Lakewood, CO...Store  30883. Thanks for the cold, old fries.... 
 voxdotcom When did WalMart buy Vox?
Yall better go to Walmart && cop a Christmas sweater 👐🏾
Imma go up to Walmart to see was up with people
 UdayBUSHRAM lmao smh ppl don't know this but Walmart got one of the best security systems/cameras
i didn't want to walk to Walmart with marissa so i told her i'm grounded and i can't and she asked my mom and my mom said yes wtf mom lmao
 kirkothfc  efcnate I've legit never seen a Walmart like that
We love spending  holidayswithbetty!  bettycrocker 
Losing your mom in Walmart is one thing, but losing your mom in Costco is so much worse
Pro-tip: all of the cutest elderly couples hang out at Walmart on Tuesday around 3  actually65
 Jban057  mohlolz  BobbyBreh  swagneto  haibarr  ItsKaa213 so MJ is cashing out now... walmart got jordans... 
 Deals Rain-X Expert Fit Beam Wiper Blade from  6 + pickup at Walmart 
Thinking about doing a 24 hour challenge at Walmart
Chilling in walmart, a saga 
All I want for Christmas is... Walmart gift card for groceries, saving for my keyboard, and studio time. But if you wanna go all out, LOAN 
At Walmart in Kinston!  Come get ya tickets!  Martian
Ex-Walmart truck driver in Tracy Morgan crash takes plea deal  newyork  nyc 
I’m all unpacked, still doing laundry, and ran to the Walmart with Leah today
A holiday travel must have?  Yes.  I am stocked and ready.  TameTummyTroubles  ad 
Only really really good friends will try to buy wine at walmart knowing they'll get carded just to cheer you up 💚
Peanuts Surprise Slides Game for  5 + pickup at Walmart - CNET  gaming  deals  sale  news 
i'm kin with the kid in walmart who asked his dad if i was a boy or a girl
Wondering what Walmart Marketplace is all about? Allow us to explain: 
the people in walmart rn... 😳
What does Walmart's new food tracking technology entail? 
Blu - Ray Player 3D LG BP440, D... Apenas R 449.90 Acesse  TV  SmartTV  bf2016  oferta… 
 EEMusicFestival so pumped 👏booking telly now to avoid staying at the Walmart drive in
Video: Couple Get Into A Heated Argument With A Woman At  Walmart! | But this is Wal-Mart every day though...
When u get hit on walking out of Walmart- I told this guy my bf was waiting in the car for me. He left real quick. Plot twist: i have no bf
No  cookie platter is complete without these  pioneerwoman Molasses Cookies  ad  recipe… 
anyone else just get in those random moods where ya just wanna go to walmart .. or is that just me. probably just me.
this Walmart worker really thought she was going to be rude to me after the day I am having lol. wrong. 🖕🏽
Find out what makes  Jason_Aldean feel confident at  AXEStagePass 
//SORRY FRIENDS MY PHONE DIED IN THE MIDDLE OF WALMART
The same might be said for WalMart as well. We need anti-WalMart & anti-Nestle propaganda. 
 azcommerce  Lucid_Motors joins others in  cgazgov, like  TractorSupply,  walmart,  DaisySourCream,  aco_usa,  EhrmannUSA,  HexcelCorp etc.!
We walk around  walmart when we're bored and scope out their movies to see what we want to add… 
Guy at school in line for coffee: 
"I need a drug dealer like Walmart. Anything you want at everyday low prices."
My pchem test just possibly killed me but I copped Interstellar at Walmart for  1 so life is still good.
 cat_burge Thanks for being so patient, Catherine! Ummm....more time to check Twitter? -Rad
 howhwrdbnmsncom  Lionel_Racing Found ours at Walmart and a Farm Store, of all places.
 steinbachwx  wxmeddler it'll be sold for  50 in Walmart by 2019 haha
I'm always wondering why I stay broke, then the ppl that work at Walmart call me by my 1st name  practicallylivethere  shouldhavestockinit
I said I wanted a white Christmas tree cause I think those are so cute and now Alex's mom brought me to Walmart and bought it for us 😫💛
Driver in Tracy Morgan crash pleads guilty  RealTracyMorgan  tracymorgan  jamesmcnair… 
and i was freaking out so i called walmart to see if someone returned it
After some intense topics, a moment of levity -- the students lament the lack of checkout lanes at Walmart. Lots of laughter. 😊  SYF60
This 1 jackass in Walmart says "I want it to be 10 & snow all year. I said move to Canada for that. I wanna move to Arizona. LMFAO
I NEED one of those Single- live better Walmart hats y'all.
Amazon’s takeover of the economy is the real threat to American jobs [as well as walmart] via  HuffPostPol
So yea... guys rolling Round Walmart parking lot screaming. PERCS NORCOS WHO WANTS TO MAKE THAT MONEY
 nettanini  TheMarkRomano Walmart still only pays minimum wage. What you're saying is based on what should happen, no what does happen
Costco food court and Walmart deli the best place to get some lunch and I have neither in my city, I hate my life
Should Walmart be forbidding its employees to use workplace rights apps?  RTouchPoints 
What it takes to get a NES Classic via  BGR - luckily i just go down to the basement and pull it out of storage
 nettanini  TheMarkRomano so Walmart will pay people more if there are no illegals. I live in Canada and we don't have millions of illegals.
ATTI:  ML09Purple 294 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 11/29/2016 3:57:44 PM
I'm giving away something for you on  Listia:  22.83 Walmart eGift Card Code . Get it here - 
why is my mom roaming walmart with a stick like we're not muslim 
Got kicked out of Walmart but it was for sure worth it 😂😂😂  Jada45828511  madisonnadinee  NicoleKristii
 65pmblair We do not know how that ended there, but can you report this issue by calling: 888-658-6325 so this can be looked into? -Rad
Walmart Ordered to Pay  54 Million in Driver Pay Lawsuit 
I haven't gotten off the couch in 2 days I look like I belong in Walmart
 Kcarmouche Walmart makes double what Costco makes in a year they just stop starting their people at  8
Yo where you get your Jordan's from bro? ... Walmart.
almost everything ive gotten from him on christmas was handed to me in the walmart bag he bought it in, receipt still in the bag
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Alexandria, KY 
Walmart Opens Dulles Training Facility 
STAR WARS – SMART R2-D2 INTELLIGENT RC DROID Rogue Walmart Exclusive 2016 
anybody else get screwed by  Walmart on  BlackFriday ??? They cancelled my order 2 days later. So annoying! I need that fridge!  WackFriday
 JLMversus We can take a look into it if you send your order details and contact info our way at: -June
Take a look at what I found at  GemmaStone 
Im going to Walmart 😌 
 a_Lerda17 just brought home 70 dollars worth of Christmas decorations from Walmart....this will be the Christmasiest of Christmases🎄
Star Wars Black Series 6″ WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMTROOPER MISB Lot of 3! 
All these white trash couples at walmart give me hope that one day, I too will find love.
“Attention Walmart shoppers: we will be doing the mannequin challenge in electronics. If you flinch, you will be es… 
Not sure why I try with  Walmart anymore. No one wants to help even though the app and a website say they have 3. Poor customer service. 👎
 gavindawson you trollin. Shoplifter hero guy need to chill. It's Walmart. You can't yell at a lady cause you failed as a security guard 👎
 Walmart I did Thanks for the response.
ATTI:  ML09Purple 294 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 11/29/2016 3:55:24 PM
 crosscutanne  BeautyBind  Walmart  slpng_giants OR, will the country NEED to BOYCOTT WALMART TOO?
Better yet, why can't Walmart just send me the food I want. I'll lay here.
 SoShaydee Agreed! Have you also shared your feedback directly with your local store's management team? -Rad
 Walmart well you still have a chance. I'm still waiting on my order...
 Travis_THFC  kirkothfc your Walmart needs a facelift fella
 Walmart  MsNLasVegas order a package midday frm  amazon  get it faster than i do an online pickup for same day at walmart down street, sad.
I'm positive this nail salon is in a Walmart 
 Walmart what a disgusting company you are. Filth. 
came to walmart specifically to touch all the avocados
getting cursed at by your old high school lunch lady bc you almost hit her in Walmart...only me 🙃
My mom just asked me if I could buy wine since I'm going to Walmart to get wine coolers. She must have had a crap day too.
Few months ago I spent  60 in Walmart.... I real life be regretting that I did that 😖
 Walmart why give out coupons for something if you don't even have the product?
 mallorytomlin what is wrong with Walmart
Walmart Corporate San Bruno   950 Elm Ave... Beep Beep! 
 nettanini  TheMarkRomano illegals for having low wages. That's absurd. You can't blame illegals for the wages Walmart pays out
my dad is gonna go to walmart tomorrow & look for drops to put in my ear so maybe i will make progress
 Walmart I've been contacting your support team.. For over a month.. And all I get are the same scripted responses with turn out to be false
 phazelton Your feedback matters to us, Paul. We hope you will give us another opportunity to serve you again in the future. -Rad
 kirkothfc it's a Walmart
 sf49ersfan5249  kelway74 I thought we were talking about some dumb fool buying a Walmart flag, and burning it at a cemetery in protest.
 Sajory_ Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
someone hit the fire hydrant by walmart and now there's water pouring out everywhere
 Walmart as I was walking to my car, the push cart employees were saying very inappropriate things. Women deserve respect.
Easy DIY wrapping paper - cute, customizable & can do with kids! <<< Walmart… 
. ChicopeeMa_PD to be stranded on  Walmart roof to support  SpOlympicsMA |  masslivenews   GivingTuesday 
 Eleyva1028  jadetn11 I insulted two girls and you ran away from me.....in Walmart
DO YOU KNOW ANY OF THEM? Police looking for teens who set fire at suburban  Walmart 
 levipickett01 at Walmart you do
Wow  Walmart merry Christmas! You guys sure know how to price items that kids really want for Christmas.  sad… 
SCREAMING ! 🗣this ain Walmart!  😂😂😂😂 
 aronkader like fn Walmart
 matthew_meadows remember not to shop at walmart or McDonalds because they pay their employees "slave wages"!!!
I sweatergawd some people should not be allowed to drive at Walmart
Hate that I gotta wait till 4:30 to goto Walmart I wanna hurry back & get back to my room 😩
 HankPRyan help me Hank!  Walmart  BlackFridayScam. Falsely advertised prices, company cancelling customer orders. Consumers are not happy!
Bought a crappy laptop at Walmart today.
 Bryan_Duncan  jlhowe  amygrant  Walmart welcome to Walmart today special is buy six SCB albums and get 14 Duncan Solo albums free
 News  pinterest  sweepstakes See whats new in November  contests win   250  Walmart Gift Card from  SweepsInvasion
If anyone works at Target, Walmart, ect and or happens to see a Hatchimal (price range up to  70) lmk or get it and I'll pay you back please
Loser has to buy more toys!!! Rain or shine- WE NEED TOYS!!!  ad Walmart VB Blvd until 10pm! 
I had to go to Walmart today, it was truly terrifying. 
Walmart make sure you can hear that bell ringing all the way in the back of the parking lot. Get yo change ready.
 8 A 13 year old boy came up to me at Walmart and asked for my number the other day. Enough said
I liked a  YouTube video from  lance210 I GOT KICKED OUT OF WALMART....
 Walmart wanted to let you know that associate Damian Gonzales at Temecula store delivered outstanding cust svc. He's a great asset! Thanks!
Something like this for Christmas. She's at the right age.


 thevisualrant  AbbyMartin so Walmart can make billions, and have employees being subsidized by government programs but you're going to
People Actually Saw This Stuff At Walmart! ~
 5 It's NOT A DREAM, Lady! OMG!  SAD But TRUE! 😂

National Account Manager required for  SierraNevada to manage & grow the business within Walmart & Sam's Club |… 
Someone tryna come to Walmart with me?
Skip Walmart over the weekend cause of the chaos with Sales and wasting money on fast food now 😢
 JamesRosenFNC  Costco  Walmart Out of stock
 PrisonPlanet She's showing up more now than she did for her own campaign...Hillary in the woods,grocers-where next? Walmart? Burger King?
Lemme guess Nic wanna come visit Best Buy now huh. Walmart and Best Buy LITTY
I'm  trying to talk my self into not buying some thing stupid at Walmart every time I come in 

I then see sriracha… 
 Walmart your saving catcher rewards don't work if your employees are clueless.  SicKOfIt I would like to use the amount I have accumulated
Making a list of things I'm out of and just the thought of having to go in Walmart later is making me cringe 😖
 DogTipper A5 tractor supply and  walmart!  NutrishDog
 KeysPlayerMusic  politico  NancyPelosi you couldn't be any more ignorant if it was free at Walmart!
 HaleeWetzel I hear walmart has footballs
Natural Remedy for Common Cold, Myrtol(R) 300 Available on Walmart Marketplace  Opines on  Healthcare
 NelyBenitez maybe they still have it in a different walmart
I'm at  Walmart in Montoursville, PA 
Cuban Shooting For Walmart Campaign via  agence_profil 
Its Walmart so it aint suprising 
 Walmart send you a message.
No need to drive all the way to Walmart
I'm sick of working at Walmart
Walmart Football 😂🏈 to fun  
 PTadz1283  Walmart also I've written letters at least twice b4. We never get a response when properly complaining. No 1 cares.
 DogTipper q5  Walmart handles all my pups  Nutrish needs. I'd drive miles for my pup  NutrishDOG
 Frannypack08 What item did you order? Drop us a note here: so we can figure out what went wrong. -Rad
I still miss both  sonatinaa and Walmart
 StarWars Hasbro-STAR WARS-The Black Series-6 inch-SCARIF-2pc.Lot-Walmart Ex.-NEW-2016  Buzz
does walmart have sewing machines for under  100
I love being a kid...even though I'm 19. 😅   Walmart Thief River Falls 
 carlokuhrt  Artist_Angie I don't know why they do unless they're in bed with gov. 

Walmart version of One Direction 
Someone just tried to ask me for money in Walmart. Dude I have no money. Why do you think I'm shopping at Walmart
Stalwart Adjustable Under Sink Organizer for  12 + pickup at Walmart 
This Walmart in Helena Mt. Is a nightmare ! 😱
 DeyNoFunny  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
WALMART IS SELLING INFINITE WARFARE AND COD 4 BUNDLE FOR 60 BUCKS  ONLINE TODAY
 Walmart  MsNLasVegas also not to mention pickup order was 2 days later than "estimated" online pickup date
 DogTipper  NutrishDog A5 A lot-Walmart and vons
Ok this guy just bent over in Walmart and showed all his hairy ass crack....I'm damaged for life 😩😩
 KarynWofford "Tis the season for  gifting greatness! What's your dog's name? -Rad
 Walmart I purchased a 3ds 10 mins after it was released, yet people with pre orders are getting theirs first.  Explain this to me!
 adamjohnsonNYC  ChMadar  Thank goodness.  Walmart is a shame to America. Sam Walton would cry over his desire to help humanity. GREED.
Can Walmart Keep Up Its Game Of Chicken With Visa? via  amabaie
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <^DAt> 
Go to buy a movie at Walmart today in Helena Mt. Lol guy says don't know where I put the movies ! Great just drove 20 miles to town !😡
when you could have me but you choose some walmart instead😷👏🏼
 Walmart Philadelphia on South Columbus
 matthew_meadows yeah in the amount of time you spent arguing you could have been creating jobs at more than  15/hr for those at walmart
 Walmart I ordered the 32" TCL Roku 720p HDTV on Friday morning. By Saturday I was told out of stock and suggested to cancel order. So I did
 realDonaldTrump  mike_pence  CivilRights  cnnbrk  FoxNews TAKE ON WALMART AND TARGET
 Walmart  MsNLasVegas i ended up leaving store with different product that i paid for. Not satisfied
Go over to Walmart where you can get this highly rated Baby Trend Expedition Jogger Stroller in Millennium print... 
 DogTipper A5-My closest store is the Walmart super store that's just up the road which I luv shopping at already lol  NutrishDOG
 marissalw_  relaxitsbre well you went to Walmart. That's enough of a reason to leave
 realDonaldTrump  mike_pence  CivilRights  cnnbrk  FoxNews Go after Walmart 99% made in USA to 99% made in china HOW MANY COMPANIES GOT SCRD
Family feud ultimate battle: superstore vs Walmart
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <v_LB> 
Walmart~ Baby Trend Expedition Jogger Stroller Only  74.88 Shipped (Reg  129.99) - 
FDA Finds Majority of Herbal Supplements at GNC, Walmart, Walgreens, And Target Don’t Contain What They Claim. 
I'm going to Walmart for a shirt....I'm sure I will be leaving with a bag of chips, some avocados, & salt  MakDaddy2015
 Travis_THFC is Walmart open 24/7
Don't you hate when you go to Walmart & new release movies are never ready to buy on the day they are released ! Helena MT.
 DogTipper q5 walmart is around the corner but I'd drive endless miles to make piper happy  NutrishDOG
 DogTipper Q5 Both Walmart and Target less than a mile from me! How convenient!  NutrishDog
 GivingFoodDay Afraid homeless kids in for a hungry time. Everyone 2 busy giving to Bell/Rogers/Walmart/BestBuy. So much 4 Christmas spirit.
One time I walked into Walmart and Ellie Goulding was playing so I left. 
herbs, limes and cilantro. (  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Rock Hill, SC) 
Walmart better only schedule me on weekends cause I don't got the energy lol
 JimmyArge Which store location was it? -Rad
8 Hilarious Secrets About Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
PLzzzzz make NOTE, If anyone stops U in a parking lot of a mall ,Walmart or the home depot and ask if u're... 
 DogTipper A5 walmart is pretty close about 10 mins away  NutrishDOG
 DogTipper Q5 i love that its at our walmart, i can pick some up next time im there  nutrishdog
Trump with no political experience can become president but I can't get a greeting job at Walmart 🙃
If you stand in long Walmart lines to go shopping on Black Fridays, we probably aren't friends, never hung out... 
. VaselineBrand  Walmart Are you aware your ads are running on .Breitbart.com a site hosting hateful content?… 
Anybody trying to take me to Walmart 😂
 Walmart why was my order returned from the store
 kelseyzettle I'd say the Boston version rather than Walmart.
 Bosox3 We are always keen to hear your views and welcome your ideas on how to do things diff. and better to meet our customers' needs. -Rad
sitting waiting on my oil to be changed at Walmart.
 MyMorningRoutineIncludes going to Walmart
 
I liked a  YouTube video from  nelkfilmz Fake Walmart Employee Prank! (ON THE INTERCOM)
 cashiainfashion a lot of grocery stores including walmart
You Not A Real Nigga If You Dont Fw The Walmart Brand Honey Smacks 😋.
Walmart know they hear the phone ringing 😒
 ChrisEngleman No one with a degree is going to work at Walmart baseline.
How you have only one slow teller at a bank...this getting up there with Walmart levels
Walmart 1943 set up with a new Boost endcap!  PrezKLRB  mmcmahon09  ShadiCh 
I'm at Walmart Gas Station in Winter Garden, FL 
 DogTipper A5: Weis, Walmart & Giant they are all 5 minutes from me  NutrishDog
Walmart has horrible customer service. It's not even that they're rude. It's just that nobody knows what they're talking about.
 DogTipper A5 Walmart, Walgreens and Kroger all within 2 miles of me  NutrishDOG
A5 Walmart! Not far at all!  DogTipper  NutrishDog
 DogTipper A5.WALMART SUPERCENTER
901 Nc Highway 16 S
Taylorsville NC 28681
828.632.4176      NutrishDOG
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Winter Garden, FL 
 DogTipper q5 walmart is right around the corner from us  NutrishDOG
A5.  NutrishDog at my local Walmart & Kroger.  DogTipper
 Bryan_Duncan lol Walmart is my new home
 radicalloulou Sorry to hear this, LouLou. Please tell us more about your recent CS experience so we have the opportunity to assist. -June
 DogTipper a5 we have a Walmart about 3 miles away that carries  Nutrish  NutrishDOG
Somebody take me to walmart to get some hair dye
 mediumsizeddeal Which store location was this? Did you alert the store management about it? -Rad
Came into Walmart for one freaking thing and walked out with the entire store :)
When I worked at Walmart I had so many  jenniferboyle’s come to the customer service desk, one lady called me the N word & I was confused.
Alina texted me asking what I was doing around 6 and I thought she wanted to chill ya know but she just asks me to go to Walmart😂😭😭
Bluebird brought to you by American Express and Walmart. Get the benefits of banking without all the fees(SM).  
When you learn your instructor works at Walmart....
20 Windsurfing Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
That's right I'm a Walmart Greeter between gigs now~ they also had a sale on grandpa glasses 8) 
Currently walking into Walmart. If no one hears from me, send a rescue team
 Courtmarrs  if you ever need it from Walmart again, its on the shelf below the register where you pay in the jewelry department!
 Walmart i havent but im hinda pissed right now and if i dont get answers im gonna file a case for this
ISU's bowl shirts are in! If you'd like one, they are available in packages of 3 at your local K-Mart, Walmart or... 
That same vacuum cleaner i saw for  44 just went up to  88. Damn you Walmart
 Chokolateeee Walmart!
I walk into Walmart there's a guy trying to sell me his mixtape, and some pervs. Smh.
I've said it once, and I'll say it again: Matt Damon is the Walmart version of Leonardo DiCaprio
I got these really cute high boots and now I feel like a Walmart  carrieunderwood
 TAKITOGARMENDIA Have you contacted our Customer Service team here: so we can sort this out for you? -Rad
What it takes to get a NES Classic  bgr
 boogiechild5820 I went to Walmart today with my daughter
Walmart is so dead because everyone is poor🙊☺ thanks black friday☺
2/2 And on top of that, there are clay pigeons to be destroyed! Come on Walmart! Lemme get a day off already!
i was at walmart and the lady who's works there said aw you're so pretty made my day😭😍💗
Some old guy at Walmart just told me that my nose was sparkly and I can't tell if he was talking about my nose ring or my highlight.
idk why white people get so fckin stressed over the american flag being burnt like it's a piece of cloth that you probably bought at walmart
 BillyBaldwin the flag is a piece of material you can buy at walmart! How about dealing with racists this was
 Walmart thanks Leia but those items have the price on them - is there an option that does not have the price visible? (A gift receipt)
USAA, Walmart funding programs to help San Antonio veterans - 
Police searching for suspect who robbed Walmart in West Manchester Township 
Can Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Hair Curling?
✨✔😘😘Defeat The Ghost For Me! 👻 🌹🐼Carlos🐼🌹: Walmart Chill 

Sometimes I really have to sit in my car and mentally prepare to go into Walmart lol
 gbagnation I probably would of knocked his life out. Don't be a superman in Walmart...
Never mind that Nigga gettin the Walmart brand 😂😂 they cost 150 for something that's just gone get filthy nope
My local Walmart is honest about what it's really selling.
I'm sure Walmart would be cheaper for what I need but I just can't today so Target it is
20 Oral Sex Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
Play-Doh Disguise Lab Despicable Me Minions for  6 + pickup at Walmart… 
Pelonis Fan Heater for  10 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the Pelonis… 
Star Wars RC X-Wing vs. Death Star Set for  78 + free shipping: Walmart… 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <lV38> 
 MrTireAuto got everything I needed to do a full synthetic oil change for  30  Walmart thanks tho
I could spend hours in Walmart...
Job interviews with Walmart warehouse and UPS assistant, I love my job at Amazon but the drive is killing me hope I can one closer!
 ashleybales21 is that Walmart?
Im looking for the ones & Walmart popped up lol
 parxconfessions go to walmart they have them all lol
Them uglass Walmart briefs. This is an obvious troll. 
 Retweet  CarSeat  Baby Trend EZ Flex Loc Infant Car Seat Boulder 
Walmart wilding lol 
Holy cats walmart is busy....more understaffed then anything
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's Top 10 Jaw-dropping Hedge Trimming Tips
 Mammoth666 We apologize for the inconvenience, Tyler.  We will welcome the chance to serve you again, and satisfy you as a customer. -Rad
Available at Walmart
[21124] Minecraft - The End Portal is on sale for  43.74 (27% off from reg. 59.99) 
why is this at a Walmart?  pewdiepie 
good fucking morning i die at the strip club and then i being silly at walmart but it just a joke
 Walmart  PTadz1283 you should link them to the video, or follow the tiny Urlacher. You can make the complaint as you have it. Re: online
Batman  1 WALMART NEWSSTAND VARIANT CGC SS 9.6 signed x2 Capullo Glapion NEW 52  cgccomics 
Can Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Knitting?
Welcome to Walmart, where we're gonna have a team meeting in the middle of the fucking aisle, and be completely in your way.
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 15 Factory Maintenance Tips
emery loses her car keys on a shelf at walmart pt. 475
 nicolemark919  mischivishlj  Thundermom226  DebraTdmbg  NARAL just called walmart and you can get generic orthotricyclen for  9.00
 EvelynnylevE717 going to Walmart now!!! Must have everything!!!! Lol
This is why I shop at  Target smh Video: Couple Get Into A Heated Argument With A Woman At Walmart! via  worldstar
Cyber Monday deals 2016: the best deals at Target, Amazon and Walmart  furniture
Toys for Tots 12/10/16 at Walmart 10-4 NRFD and USMC come by and drop off a toy for someone who may need one!
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <G2f]> 
Walmart and IBM test blockchain for custom supply chain tracking via  SiliconANGLE
Was going to go to Walmart when I get off but 😶 it's to messy out
Walmart finna get these leggings today causeee honeyyyy🙄
Anybody wanna take me to WalMart later... I will purchase them a Peruvian puff pepper.
"Walmart does a bang up job"
 50cent  chrisbrown  iTunes COMES W WARNING  WARRIORS  StopFundingHate  NOtorture  fckAMAZON  Walmart  CocaColaTruck  McDonaldsimlovinit
For your  J20 celebrations
 firstamendment
Thank you Walmart for selling me cheese that is 2 weeks past its expiration date. That was a fun tasting surprise when i got home 😑
 JohnLegere  TMobile 3 years ago tmobile didnt credit me for a 400.00 deposit i had to make through walmart hurt my credit.
 Walmart I just spent 40 minutes trying to split an online order between 2 credit cards. Apparently you're not set up for that. 2016fail
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Burley, ID 
What it takes to get a NES Classic 
ISU Bowl shirts are in!!
Available in packages of 3 at any Walmart, Target, or K-Mart.  Go Hawks!!  Hawkeyes 
Unexpectedly finessed Walmart 😊😊
Someone was a little sneaky.   BakewithBetty 
 Sweater purchased from Walmart for less than  10!

 Fashion  Style  SweaterWeather  FallFashion  Blogger 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <6gGL> 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <`I<v> 
Do not ever buy pants from Walmart you guys !!!
 mummies_alive because wages are so low you can qualify for welfare working full-time at  Walmart.  Your tax dollars at work.
do walmart stay got gfs
The shoplifters are prolific this afternoon... HyVee, Shopco, Walmart, Kohl's, Mega Saver. 🎄
My dad don't like working at Walmart... He sent me this about Black Friday lol via /r/funny 
who Is Blackbear he looks like a Walmart brand g eazy and I already hate g eazy so
 ce_plante We're constantly updating our inventory, so continue to keep a lookout both online and in-store for your favorite item. -Rad
Ex-Walmart truck driver in Tracy Morgan crash takes plea deal - WABC-TV 
 Doritos  Fritolay oh I buy two big bags every three days lol at Walmart
Mostly drive to Orem library from American Fork Walmart; Utah; Riveting!: via  YouTube
 TruckerMike_FL Thanks for reaching out. Could you tell us the item you ordered and the date you created the order? -June
Play-Doh Disguise Lab Despicable Me Minions for  6 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
Forget this and make yourself or get a friendly developer buddy to make you a retro-pi :) How to get a NES Classic 
Walmart gets a bad rap.. 
There aren't many places where u can sit in the frozen food section, eating corn dogs in ur pjs and feel accepted.
Walmart battle still continues. 

People pay it foward at food places and Walmart and others stores but  how bout buying someone gas or paying for a auto maintence
Checking out at walmart. And the lady next to me is buying a cactus. So there's that.
channel vs walmart 
Damn how long does it take to return something at Walmart 😡
Cyber Monday Ads: Macy's Target, Walmart, Sears and MORE! via  Couponmamacita
Gotta let these sodas go...grocery shopping in a few. I dislike going to Walmart so food lion it is.
Kandy could go to Walmart and still serve up a hot ass plate of "BITCH YOU WISH YOU COULD AFFORD" 😍❤️️✨💖💦💦 
Walmart App: Shopping, Savings Catcher, & More by Walmart 
Come on  Walmart. I'm rooting for your this holiday season. Don't do this to me! 😩 
Pissed Walmart didn't have any Aquafina😭
 HOVAAA no. found them all but MACHO Mikey at Walmart and  SFCJensen is sending me Mikey! Haha. I want to review them once they're all here
im at walmart again ladies!
I hate when  Pringles go on sale at Walmart...You know what that means
12 Sexy Options Trading Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 Jaberuski Not sold by Walmart--look right under the price. Just facilitates marketplace
I love going to the DMV, so many interesting people there, almost better than Walmart
it's okay sometimes I got to Walmart at 1am for no reason 
STLtoday Metro: Man shot to death driving toward off-duty officer at Walmart in Cahokia 
 Nice  Toys  Marvel Legends  CaptainAmerica Civil War 6" Bucky Walmart Exclusive IN HAND New… 
Walmart: Jordache Jeggings Only  8 (Regularly  16.44) – Awesome Reviews 
// i don't want to. i don't have to. walmart will protect me. the rousers lost. the big guys don't lose. fuck, you are smart, moose. //
What it takes to get a NES Classic  BGR
Walmart truckers land  55 million settlement for non-driving time pay. 
Star Wars RC X-Wing vs. Death Star Set for  78 + free shipping: Walmart offers the <a... 
Play-Doh Disguise Lab Despicable Me Minions for  6 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the… 
Air fresheners at Walmart are only  0.98 folks I REPEAT IT COSTS LESS THAN ONE DOLLAR TO MAKE YOUR ROOM NOT SMELL LIKE A FOOT
Promark 3d Virtual Reality HD Drone - Walmart Black Friday 
