Everybody in the city looking for moves ... let's link up at Walmart and play purge 😂
Jon Voight shocks stranger in line at Walmart with generous act ahead of Thanksgiving 
i know charlie heaton is basically a walmart dane dehaan but i still think hes cute
At Walmart ordering a picture in 1 hour photo. The associate Says any size we can do. I order 12x12 and it won't get here for a week.  life
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart 
the missing children boards in walmart are so fuckin dumb is bc it shows me that if you got my gender wrong youd laugh
 Barbie_Bates_ order online get it shipped or do the Walmart pick up and u just go to the front and pay when it's ready.
 ad Maximize your savings on  Oreo cookies at  Walmart by this offer➡ &... by  YouBrewMyTea via  c0nvey
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Non-Profit Worker He Met on Walmart Checkout Line 
What do you do when two high school boys are following you in Walmart? 

You pick up a pregnancy test and start reading it 👍
Gillette Holiday Gift Sets at Walmart from  10 + pickup

 stayhumble_16 home finna go to Walmart
Can we make a new retirement plan where at age 60 you get all the money back you've spent at Walmart? Can you make this happen? dylanlovell9
 Walmart has these ⬆on floor for black Friday. Saw some people turning around saying oh we can't go that way there'… 
 jonvoight COOL DUDE!

I have been in Walmart for 2 hours I am about to bang myself
hey  walmart store brand aloe vera has no aloe vera. just petroleum and green dye.  potus FDA fault
Just saw this at Walmart...  respectheirprivacy 
Why is this thing twerking... 😐   Walmart North Port 
I liked a  YouTube video HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US
Holy crap batman Walmart crowd is insane!
Tripped this bad ass kid in Walmart lmao I had to skirttttt outta that isle hella fast laughing too fucking hard
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food - Ars Technica ➤  blockchain  btc
Jon Voight buys 6 Thanksgiving turkeys for stranger at Kentucky Walmart - CBS News Great man also Trump supporter 
 SNSwithJKJ Hi JKJ & TheHashTagAl. Walmart sales a 25lb weight vest or at any sporting goods store. Sorry not sorry for the delayed response
I went to Walmart to buy Alayna a little watch since she always steals mine lol and I ended up spending 150 dollars 😭 I hate stores
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
At the Walmart self checkout it asks how much bags u used and my dad clicks 2 and I said Dad why u so honest, u could've clicked 0 and left😂
Shop Pre-Black Friday deals  Walmart   
Pretty sure Walmart has its own snapchat filter 😛
Only my mom would freak out bc percinnmons are back at Walmart 😂
 Walmart maybe it should be guaranteed, like  amazon does for its flash sales... then maybe the purchasing bots won't buy up the inventory.
Alola has an honest to god Walmart and i really like looking at their brands
Reading Walmart is so ghetto. Bitches rapping in the scarf isle.  😳
 Lyciaaa18_ wet n wild is also pretty good and it's super black! 3  at Walmart or any drug store!
 writerobinson Got the wreath form & u-pins at Michaels, ornaments & tinsel garland at Walmart.
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now  Business 
Sign up for  BounceEnergy through 11/27 & choose a  50 bill credit or Walmart gift card!  entry -… 
I liked a  YouTube video from  therealrtu Please, PLEASE DO NOT BUY AN NES Classic From Walmart For  500!
WalMart opening on Thanksgiving day at 6pm is absurd. 

Let the people have a day to reflect and give thanks. ONE DAY.
the regular Walmart return policy applies on wedding rings too?
I'm at Walmart in Hamilton, New Jersey 
I heard warring commercials when I woke up this AM
Walmart: Black Friday starts 6pm Thursday 
JC Penny: Starts 3pm Thursday
YOU stores SUCK
 RealBenCarson PLEASE TRY TO CURB WELFARE FRAUD? Paid with EBT. Selling goods 1/2 price at Walmart parking lot !!!
This award-winning wine is just  6—and available at Walmart: 
 shanedawson you've scarred me, I'm never going to that Walmart again I'm so paranoid
Walmart’s Black Friday deals include 4K TVs and discounted consoles - Imadeufamous via  sharethis
So America has marriage for all, Walmart, Perkins silk cream pie and Sephora. World - TAKE NOTE
Walmart’s Black Friday deals include 4K TVs and discounted consoles - Imadeufamous 
From  7.00 
Juniors' Ugly Sweater Holiday Collection  
 DSWiebe  Normally I counsel people to just stay out of Walmart … :)
 tweet812003 Pls take a moment to share your experience here so this matter can be looked into. -Rad
L O l at how I went to Walmart 😂
Walmart’s Black Friday deals include 4K TVs and discounted consoles - Imadeufam via  sharethis
 RepGoodlatte  WashTimes yeah great news for Walmart and other big corps - you should be ashamed of yourself
From  7.00
Juniors' Ugly Sweater Holiday Collection  
 setaimx Plus I dunno if either of those places (Target and Walmart) are doing free shipping on everything. Probably not.
I really need to go to Walmart with hubs to make sure little man gets the right supplies & shoe size but I don't want to ride the damn cart!
 Hatchimals Just looking at Walmart's reviews of them. For them to be  300 USD ...yeeeah. Don't waste money xD 
 Walmart ordered the NES Classic, received my confirmation email, 2 min later you all canceled my order. 30+min on the phone, got nowhere.
This shit is crazy.   Walmart Santa Maria 
Heb has better donuts than Walmart 😅
Lol the lady nil put on fb standing right behind me in Walmart
 shan_shan_19 I already mapped out Walmart for us💀
 godbrev i doubt one at walmart would be any cuter 😴
Damn,  Walmart, what'd ya'll have against this guy? 
Going to Walmart 2 days before Thanksgiving. Horrible idea. 😳
Dear whoever decided and whoever let a James Brown song be used in a commercial for Walmart,
Fuck you.
 tyleroakley I just went to meijer and they didn't have it so now I'm at Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lincoln, NE 
Very cool! 
I have a love/hate relationship with Walmart. 😑😑😑
 NBCNightlyNews  Jacobnbc cheaper stuff doesn't necessarily benefit consumers. i feel like Walmart decimating small towns affected elxn.
Walmart Bows To Radical Offended Muslim And Makes Changes To Its Children's Section - US Chronicle 
I just walked into Walmart and in 10 seconds I could count ab 17 people who were on methamphetamine
BREAKING: 1 MONTH OLD BoeingBY IS AIR LIFTED TO HOSPITAL IN LINCOLN HEIGHTS DUE TO FALLING OUT SHOPPING CART AT WALMART… 
Walmart doesn't care about you at ALL😒
 AustinMahone 

Twitter vs Facebook 
Channel vs Walmart 
I do nottttttt wanna go to Walmart. 😐
Working at walmart got me like...

 hachimals  wedonthaveany  walmartlife  toys… 
 HammerNation19 so just saw Cody Kessler shopping at Walmart in North Olmsted with just a t-shirt on.  He's already a Clevelander!
 CurtisDoku  neilpezz  YouTube now why wouldn't you tag  walmart in your tweet? Da fuck??
while you all are having a lovely thanksgiving dinner on thursday, I'll be at walmart working our black friday sale
Everyone will love these  SweetPotato Fries. Perfect for the  holiday or any... by  deals4dummies via  c0nvey
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food 
 writerobinson Definitely under 2 hours from start to finish. And cheap - got all the ornaments at Walmart. Would you like the link?
while you all are having a lovely thanksgiving dinner on thursday, I'll be at walmart working our black friday sale 😑
 bmump This is a hot ticket item and it sold out before you could complete the final transaction. Please keep checking back. -Isa
Walmart deli BBQ chicken will always be THE best 😍😍😍😍
im the girl u kno who got dolled up to go hunt down cute pajamas spotted on the other side of the country at walmart during rush hour
Go into Walmart with a plan .. come out failing the mission. 😩
S/O to my nigga  Jaden_JaRacie for finally joining the Walmart family 🔥
You can just look at some people that shop in Walmart like I bet you they can fuck it up in the kitchen 😂😂😂
Bro charmin toilet paper is 6 dollars at Walmart. I'm just cheap asf  ig 
 fish0462 No, we're certaily not ignoring you! Pls call our insurance carrier Claims Management Inc at 1-800-527-0566 so we can assist. -Rad
Just wanted to inform you all that you can send care packages in my name to the Cerritos Walmart on Weds Night/ Thurs morning & afternoon
 Kmart  MaxScoville  Walmart  GameOverGreggy if you shop on Thanksgiving day, let an employee know how sad you feel that they have to work
Lmfaoooo Walmart really sell Jordan's 😭💀
Tell Walmart and Costco to end slavery in Thailand’s fishing industry via  greenamerica
 fresnoalliance
 N8Martian then go to walmart and chose a movie and candy
2010 walmart cyber sunday telly sales ad go-as-you-please from anciently august - vizio, samsung only philips hdtvs 
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now 
 BowNoTie lmaooo oh wow. good thing i went to walmart in avon 😂
 jerrickadenise I'm going to try!! Where did you buy it from? Like do I gotta go to a makeup store or can I get it from Walmart? lol
 Setting4Success These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now  News  smallbusiness  entrepreneur
Word to the wise: Walmart, the week of US Thanksgiving, and California's new laws on grocery bags = a nightmare situation.
 chance_second Oh I'm not saying they're not the WalMart of con organizers, I'm just not ready to dance on their grave.
 NiceGuy  JonVoight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart via  BreitbartNews
shea moisture sells sum and it's the best !!! i get mine from like walmart or target 
The only public restroom I like to use is Stein Mart, but when it hits you in Walmart you just gotta go!!!!
me after leaving Walmart because I don't trust their produce 
Thank you  Walmart for my Teach Tote  WalmartTeachTote  brandshareus
Walmart Black Friday LIVE NOW 
Sign up!  EquateExclusives product recommendations, savings + advice from other like-minded moms. Only  Walmart: AD 
Will Walmart respect request to deal with explicit material?

 cathymcmorris Walmart rejoices! Yay GOP! Good job, Cathy! Doing your WORKING CLASS voters proud!
 realDonaldTrump BEN WOULD BE A GREAT ÄSSET..HOPE WILL HELP CUT OUT WELFARE FRAUD. Selling meet in a Walmart parking lot. Paid with the 🇺🇸!!
 Walmart I'm confused? Why are your Hatchimals trying to be sold for  300 USD when they're only worth about  40-50..?  Hatchimals
When you think you're about to get a damn good parking spot at Walmart but it's really just the buggy caddy's spot :,-)
If you're looking for the NES Mini, DON'T BUY IT AT WALMART! 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
It took me 15 minutes to walk into Walmart and back out with girls dear god he looks and acts like a huge nerd too
so i guess there's a missing 4 year old from walmart...so im hopin they find him/her
wanna go walk around walmart just for the fuck of it 🙄 i'm bored as shit.
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now: 
 MonetQuintero same shit happened to me when I was driving to Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Pantego, TX 
Did Walmart model this elf after  SirLarr  FunhausTeam ? 
Guess I'll buy the little set from out here at Walmart and try it
I was dying a little bit inside cause a guy was saying "girl stoppp, you know you're fine" behind me when I got in Walmart 😂
Do these make life easier for you?  Happy  Motherhood  ad 
lol I was watching  shanedawson new video and it had a walmart commercial lol 
Hosting  holiday  dinner? Make sure everyone enjoys the food>ad   a_sample_of_sam
I farted beside all the fall candles and air fresheners in Walmart and no one smelled a thing
MT  StreetsblogUSA: Network of protected bike lanes takes shape in NW Arkansas.  
Flirting with this guy in the cosmetics aisle at Walmart. 
 GeraldoRivera  MELANIATRUMP no 1cares.Mrs.Trump does not have 2dress fashion rags.Walmart has better  cheaper stuff.u sucking up,BoeingCSTABBER
I liked a  YouTube video from  lucascruikshank F*CK YOU WALMART!! Moist Christmas Haul
From  7.00 
Juniors' Ugly Sweater Holiday Collection 
POE DAMERON 3.75" BLACK SERIES PILOT 3 3/4" Walmart STAR WARS FORCE AWAKENS  StarWars 
‼️avoid Walmart at all costs ‼️. I've never seen so many people in my life
Walmart so packed then I look a mess 😩😩😂😂😂 fctweet
 BREAKINGNEWS 1-month-old baby airlifted to hospital in Lincoln Heights after falling from shopping cart at Walmart… 
 __theladybro isn't Walmart a superstore?
I hate Target is closer to me then Walmart when it comes to buying stuff like tissue
Man Loses Over 300 Pounds And Totally Transforms His Body By Walking To Walmart 
 vgermovil Pls contact our Customer Service team at so we can get this issue sorted out for you. -Rad
 Vtorriaaa walmart still
Sy, who is the genius that thought .t would be.wise to puz the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 ghoulbasement what the hell movie is Walmart selling that people need ID to buy..??
If there is no celery left when you get to Walmart, I'm sorry. 😶
Y'all who shop at Walmart disappoint me 
Are bonnets in Walmart please
WALMART Black Friday ads are here!!!! 
 MatchUpLists Walmart – Nov 22 – 27 
WALMART CANADA MT  PetuniaCatLand: Starting on Black Friday  50 iTunes cards for  45, limit of three. 😊 3 day sale  
At Walmart right now..and I'm working on a winner at Oklahoma State
Had to grab this  LegoDimensions at Walmart with a  5 discount for… 
 The_Double_J Could you elaborate on this so we can try to help? -Rad
At Walmart Gerry just yelled out I need an adult and farted lol
10 Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
Ever woken up thinking: "Is  CHTR breaking out?" Fullfill your morning thoughts at  Breakout  Walmart  24KMagic
Amazon and Walmart listed among the “least secure” online 
i think i just fell in love with the guy working in the meat section at walmart...dude was HANDSOME
CCPD: Widow of  CorpusChristi police chief arrested at  Walmart; accused of public intoxication… 
i like working at walmart I guess but I'm there too much to shop there
No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS

 Walmart  CVS  CVSPharmacy  Cheats  AloeVera  
Hoover police want to ID theft suspects who used stolen credit card at Walmart 
 RepPeteOlson Walmart and your other corporate overlords thank you for your service. Stupid silly working class voters.
My new Walmart would eat my old Walmart for breakfast
I wanna go to Walmart and get my Christmas tree decorations but ion feel like being bothered with that crowded ass place...
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
Walmart better have them DEALS on TVs Friday
Pfizer Viagra On Sale & Viagra Cost Per Pill Walmart & Cost Of Viagra 100mg Costco & Free Viagra Sample 
A YEAR AGO YESTERDAY  clpolglase DROPPED A SCOLDING HOT ROTISSERIE CHICKEN ON MY FEET AT WALMART IN FRONT OF EVERYO… 
 hannahorton97 Walmart!
I walked my happy ass up in Walmart thinking I was going to purchase Pokemon Moon, only to find out it was sold out. I was heartbroken.
 jonvoight sad to see you support Walmart. 
 Walmart would be nice if my local store can reserve 1 for me
Walmart believes one of the boys that ran from FLYS last night is in their restroom. TD¤
Am I the only one who gets super heated when I see people using the jazzies at Walmart just because they're obese?! 😤
💲*HOT* FREE Walmart Baby Welcome Box + FREE Shipping

👉
🖕🏾 Walmart 💯
Walmart Black Friday 2016 leaked ads and flyers: Doorbuster deals, Opening Hours, Online… 
Crazy how many people I seen today in walmart... everybody grown..
 19.99 
Was  29.97
Save  9.98
Hawkeye 2-Gallon Aquarium Kit with Filter and LED Lighting 
Bouta get on that rapper weed go hit Walmart up then go home and fix my turkey
 thisismalori Wait, do you work at Walmart?
I'm at  Walmart in Toms River, NJ 
💁🏻😊🐳😂 you crazy, lol. But yk I'm crazy too. Sorry bout my little episode at Walmart the other night. You're hot, ily. 😘
Amazing.  Walmart is trying out  blockchain's distributed ledger as a means of ID'ing sources of poisonous food....… 
Jon Voight surprises stranger in line at Walmart with act of kindness ahead... by  FrancoVRinaldi via  c0nvey
Christmas idea for me: a shirt that says "I don't work here" on it so people stop asking me where shit is in walmart
I just left Walmart and this kid outside said he has me on sc and watches my Snapchats more than twice a day... idk who he is.
 RepByrne Walmart thanks you for your service. Way to go, GOP!
Hate going in Walmart before holidays 😒
Chanel vs. Walmart aka buff superhero vs skinny grasshopper 
Store-branded aloe vera gels sold at Walmart, CVS & Target contain no aloe vera, lab results show

 FakeEconomy breeds  FakeNews
"Why don't we ever shop at Walmart it's so cheap"
*Twenty seconds after walking in*
"There's more people than teeth in this aisle"
New on Ebay! HASBRO STAR WARS BLACK SERIES 6" inch SCARIF STORMTROOPER Walmart Exclusive 
 nhedge May we suggest talking to your local store management team about this on your next visit? -Rad
Gillette Holiday Gift Sets at Walmart from  10 + pickup Free Shipping

 Coupons

Read more: 
I lost my mom at Walmart and I legit teared up. I am fragile and tired.
I wanna go to Walmart or Kroger .
MD Sports 48" Air Powered Hockey Table  34.84 List price  89.00 Save  54.16

 kimmy_dance anxiety on level 100 Black Friday at Walmart a big NO
 USA Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not have any aloe: Three main chemical markers of the…… 
 itunescarddeals Walmart Canada 🇨🇦starting on Fri for Black Friday  50 iTunes cards for  45, limit of three. 😊 3 da… 
 Walmart another scam today
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart  RedNationRising  thanksgiving 

 bossass64827273 I believe it's called fbbg spray the fuck boy be gone spray I think Walmart has it for 15.50  a can.
 Fred_Delicious it'll be in the Walmart edition
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Can anyone pick me up from 249 Walmart I cannot walk more lmao
Walmart Presents Co-Pilot: A Star Wars Story 
Code Adam at Walmart 😩😭😭😭😭
My  holiday guests will love this  pioneerwoman's Cranberry Sauce  recipe.  ad by  deals4dummies via  c0nvey
 RobLo_Xero Amazon and Walmart had them. 
Got hustled into going to Walmart
 sophietheallet Melania Is Much Too Beautiful & Classy To Wear Your Trash. K Mart Walmart & Target May Have A display Rack For Your Rags
 Low_Key_QC  Walmart :') that it would at least last a year nope not even 2 months
 AliaWaheed Thank you for asking. You can find information about our international locations at: . -Isa
Went to Walmart to get 3 items and ended up spending  85 🙄
Walmart is hell on earth.
 BrickyOrchid8  Walmart 0__0
Understanding Walmart’s Mixed 3Q Results and Stock Reaction  Walmart  TGT  KR  DG
walmart smells like straight weed 😂
Crazy at Walmart: Good luck Black Friday! I am shopping online!! 🕶😁 earningsocial 
I've sold engagement rings at WalMart lol
Funko Pop Sealed Walmart Exclusive Black Friday Mystery Box DC Comics 
*walks down aisle in Walmart, looks over at dove chocolates*
John- "well Jesus, might as well give away a kidney for  4 of chocolate" 🤔
Treasure Hunting for Walmart Black Friday Box and Target Batman Pops: via  YouTube
 JWGSOMF812 Walmart ?
Walmart is so weird
another night in Walmart, another night of calling mom asking where something is :)
 34.84 
List price  89.00
Save  54.16
MD Sports 48" Air Powered Hockey Table 
Christmas is coming early. I was able to get a NES Classic from Walmart!!!! It gets delivered next Tuesday!  NESclassic  childhoodmemories
Check out the best Black Friday deals at Kohl's, Best Buy, Walmart and more... 
 Walmart ordered a battery online and was charged a core fee. Im getting the runaround about my core refund. Online chat was rude too smh
My dad got my mom's first ring from walmart. She still has it. Lol
 Walmart they brought a manager up for approval but he didn't look at or speak to us
 steph_sliemers  Walmart it's from Walmart, what do ya expect homie
The lady infront of me in line at walmart is asking the price of every item afte its scanned.
Today i learned that Walmart has its own atmosphere and weather cycles
 AnywhereButTARGET ?? this was started by the trans-phobic im guessing cos target is a great place to shop.. beats the hell out of walmart..
 treasure_ox now. I'm in Baytown. Just stuck in traffic by the Walmart off 146
 Walmart 

Mars.
dudes at walmart are talking about Godfather and one of them yells SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND
The gps took me on an hour & a half detour back from Walmart to avoid tolls and I almost fell asleep on the motorway so that was terrifying
last time i had a breakdown like this my dad went out to walmart at like 11 pm to buy me a jurassic park game because my mom told him to
Spoil them with Croissant French Toast for  breakfast  ad  frenchtoast... by  SBellasWays via  c0nvey
Maybe I need to go to Lithonia's Walmart and Toys R Us
On my way to Walmart
 foxxxygrandma walmart can suck my left nut
 jd0gman  TChuggington YESSS FINALLY 2017 DC ON WALMART CANADA! Will let you know if I find them.
This is actually happened at Walmart this morning.  Tahlequality 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Sealy, TX 
I shopped at Walmart a day too early 💔😢 
 farenthold Walmart rejoices! Way to go, GOP! Your corporate overlords are very pleased.
Mark  markmastellone is a nut! Streaking in Walmart:  
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART 
I just ran across the Walmart parking lot to hug my mom cause I've missed her so much 
WHY DO I ALWAYS CHOOSE THE SLOWEST LINE AT WALMART OMG
There are approximately 800000 birds in the Walmart parking lot.  imscared
Scene in  Knoxville 161122, winter sky,  nofilter.   Walmart Knoxville - Kinzel Way 
So, IM GOIN TO TARGET! Ok, To be fair, I was already going to Target. It's not Walmart. 
Surprised at Walmart 
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
Walmart  -*Hot Deal* RCA Voyager 7″ Tablet Android 6.0 Only  32.19 (Reg.  59.99) 
HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US  shanedawson  
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I heard Walmart had some online today but I missed out on them again! 
Black Friday Walmart Funko Mystery Box: via  YouTube
kira is currently playing her music so loud in the Walmart bathroom. i'm so embarrassed.
when all of your friends are at walmart at once but you're stuck in the car bc you have your slippers on 😢
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Black Friday Walmart Funko Mystery Box
they done remodeled walmart off eastchase lol hoe lowkey nice
Had to check out 3 different times at Walmart because she kept finding stuff she liked 😂😂
 news The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more - The Verge 
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now  business  entrepreneur
You could create a full page of "the people of Walmart" within 20 minutes at the one in Citrus Heights hahaha
Melania would look better in a Walmart dress than Michelle would in a designer gown. No comparison! !!
Podesta Group owned by Tony & John Wikileaks Podesta. They have A Who's Who of Clients like Walmart. 2011 they earned 27.4 mil in lobby fees
Jon Voight buys Thanksgiving turkeys for stranger in line at grocery store: 
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now Kelsey Mulvey 
V8 Veggie Blends Just  1.98 At Walmart!  Walmart  V8
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more - The Verge 
 YourFavNepali but that's usually more for Walmart, target, etc
 Walmart If an item is in my cart, that should mean its mine. It shouldn't go out of stock before I even have time to click place order.
I think the surprise was that Jon Voight was actually in Walmart. 
LIVE on  Periscope:  Ketch Stuck in Walmart 
When the Walmart cart room is empty, you know it's got to be bad in the store.  WalmartLogic 
He's disoriented by boo's he went to the wrong exit, this guy gets unhinged at media, boos, SNL, he couldn't handle… 
 JamariusDS Walmart Best Buy and I think pawn shops have them too
I'm hate Walmart nail salons 😤😤😤😤
How TF do lose your car in Walmart parking lot.
I was almost out the door at Walmart before doing a 180 and going to the toy department. So close.
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
Iowa Hawkeyes. Ohio state buckeyes. Interesting. Both states have four letters and it kinda rhymes too.  walmart  wolverines
where tf is panorama city?? i'm trying to drive to the haunted walmart & hunt ghosts
 CBSNews what's he doing in a Walmart in the first place? He's rich because of unions/guilds. He's a piece of shit.
Crunchmaster Crackers Just  0.83 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Crunchmaster Crackers ... 
V8 Veggie Blends Just  1.98 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** V8 Veggie Blends Just  1.98 At ... 
Making a list!
 Target and  Walmart  BlackFriday Finds for Geeklings via  RiseGeeklings
 kids  gifts  shopping
I'll take my chances standing in line st Walmart for better game deals
nes classic wallmart
crooked walmart
Remind me to never go to Walmart 2 days before thanksgiving it's a disaster 🙄
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now  ROIMentor
Couponing at Walmart: Rollback On Select Toys (Check Your Store) via Couponing to Disney - Just ... 
Feeling stabby in the checkout line at Walmart 😏
:  Walmart  BlackFriday2016 - Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cybe… 
Spends time reading books in the back of Walmart. 
 FaZeApex FIGHT ME OUT WALMART
Turn a calendar into a gift like  CottageintheOak w/ help from  Walmart Photo! AD 
Chemical markers for aloe were absent in products from Walmart, CVS, & Target, contained a cheaper substance instead 
If I had a dollar for every time I have cut myself with my box cutter or just on the cardboard. I wouldn't be working at Walmart😒🙄
 MeLestation  amazon  Walmart they are crooked
"Honestly, you could go to Walmart and print as many as you'd like. Though you could just look at the real thing,"… 
100m dash in Walmart.. 
 HouseGOP IMAGINE 3 PRINTING YOUR OWN CUSTOM PAIR OF SHOES, IN YOUR OWN GARAGE, AND SELL THEN IN WALMART! SWEET OR ON THE NET!!
 _Serene123 try Walmart(I know it might be a shitty job) but the pay is great and they work with your schedule. I never thought I would...
Ban Walmart
I want my clothing made in America by an American.
I Trust in Trump to make that happen
Save on canvas at  Walmart like  popsicleblog did! AD  WalmartPhotoHoliday  WalmartPhoto… 
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now  pymes  business  negocios
There's a lot of interesting people in aj Walmart.
Girl QUITS JOB at Walmart on the Loud Speaker! || FUNNY VIDEO via  YouTube
ever heard of going to walmart for candy and then watch netflix? 
So just ending up getting one boy a black shirt and one boy a red one .  15 I'm done.  

Thank you Walmart
bought a desk from  Walmart and it has been falling apart ever since i purchased it :') what a waste of money!!!
Retweeted CBS News ( CBSNews):

Jon Voight surprises stranger in line at Walmart with act of kindness ahead of... 
 zoieburgher  KEEMSTAR  kenzliee a walmart bag? You lost me zoie
 Xbox_Addictt 27 for both  Walmart in the states better deal.
V8 Veggie Blends Just  1.98 At Walmart! 
Confused on why I just seen a girl at Walmart with a crop top on when it's 28 degrees out???
 Walmart yes but when does the black friday deal start for that item? Can I order it online for the black Friday  price & pick it up then?
Crunchmaster Crackers Just  0.83 At Walmart! 
Banned from Walmart? That's when you've hit rock bottom 😟 
They gotta checkin drivers license on these non driving fucks at Walmart with these mobile karts. Shit gettin outta hand
As Christmas approaches don't forget that  Walmart wont take your returns after 15 days without a receipt. Nowalmartelectronicsformethisyear
lol same here but tesco instead of walmart bc of britain 
Not sure whether I'm a really good daughter or just a sucker for letting my mom send me to Walmart two days before thanksgiving
 whoishena We'd like to follow up on this. Please share your concern here so this can be looked into. -Rad
Walmart, I'm On my way ! 
New post: "These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now" 
shane is so extra he brought a ouija board to walmart
 Pinback  Bobble  Funko Pop Black Friday Walmart Exclusive Killer Croc Impopster  Batman  Store  Mall
This is how I keep warm.

 WalmartCanada  Walmart  HelpAtGeorge  review  productreview… 
Luck has brought us the  Outlander Season Two Blu-Ray, just in time for the... by  JK_JamiesKilt via  c0nvey
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now  business  news
 alakazammit Thanks for getting back to us and please keep us updated. -Isa
Was gone for 3 months and a dollar tree opens KFC and Walmart are remodeled and an Aldi opens...wtf
They lucky I work at Walmart cuz I would be the nigga to do this 
these bad ass kids in walmart. 🙄
LIVE on  Periscope:  Katch stuck in Walmart 
s/o to walmart for this steak dinner🍴
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Cary, NC 
"You know I've been drinkin'. They might put me out of Walmart" - my mother
Shame on Walmart in their NES  crooked sales strategy, they need to replace their management  we need to " make wal… 
I didn't think I was gonna have to get down at Walmart but I do and I look ghetto lol
This Green Bean Casserole by The  PioneerWoman will be at my house for... by  themommybunch via  c0nvey
Jon Voight surprises stranger in line at Walmart with act of kindness ahead of Thanksgiving … 
Black Friday tip: bust into Walmart and scream, "DORMAMMU, I'VE COME TO BoeingRGAIN!"
It's thanksgiving weekend and Walmart still only have 4 lanes open😑
 RepGoodlatte No. This is good news for Walmart and your other corporate overlords. Way to keep the South enslaved.
 thefocusofbrian Could you visit: to share your concern, so this matter can be addressed properly? -Rad
Walmart's "get up for Black Friday, stores open at 6pm Thursday" plug makes no sense 🙄
And as for my dad, fuck that nigga he should of stayed in the walmart line
Im Tha Main Attraction Like Kodak In Walmart
 durmgirl  shannoncoulter  melissamccarthy I already am shopping there exclusively. Let them have Walmart.
Enter for a chance to WIN a  50  Walmart e-gift card!  SweepsEntry  NatureMadeAtWalmart (No Purchase Necessary)
Just entered to win a  50  Walmart gift card thanks to  NatureMadeAtWalmart. Here's how:  SweepsEntry 
 _Jsevenn Walmart by the old mall
Self checkout lady at walmart: "is that space dandy on your bag?"
Me: :D :D :D "heres my card"
 JJcareksims They had 5 left at the Walmart I frequent. Stock availability must be different where you live.
Next year's  MedalofFreedom will be
Scott Baio
Tia tequila
The greeter from Walmart
 deplorables best friend/ Perco… 
i am puzzled at the moment as i recieved a christmas tree today from walmart that i did not order i am woundering... 
I'm at  Walmart_br in Barueri, SP 
. HooverPD want to ID these theft suspects who used stolen credit card at Walmart on 150 last Saturday… 
AND i just realized i forgot to buy more pads last time i was at walmart well fuck me next month is going to be fun 8D
Walmart So Fucking Pack😡
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can shop right now  business  pymes … 
We at Walmart getting final stuff for this week. I came out on a… 
Them little comp'nies like that there Walmart and all them employees what don't need the extra money 'cause they're… 
 pituvision surprises at Walmart / Kohls 
Jon Voight surprises stranger in line at Walmart with act of kindness ahead of Thanksgiving 
Crazy old lady chasing teenager in Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Ft Wright, KY 
 SenatorLankford Walmart rejoices. Congrats, Mr Senator.
Gillette Holiday Gift Sets at Walmart from  10  deals  mtn
Great looking sunset developing in Dallas' western skyline near Sam's and Walmart's at LBJ & Midway.  Inside,... 
Was in Walmart and decided to get my man a care package 😍 he loved them in college lol
Trump is the Walmart of politics. Nobody will admit to liking it, but it sure has a following.
Well, this will probably go viral soon... Brothers arrested for scantily-clad joyride through Walmart via  YouTube
Cashier at Walmart just accused me of using a fake ID to buy a MOVIE. Like really girly????
do walmart stay open 24 hours
 Razerwire9  emiyannn haha, like impatient conservative fucks are going to put up with Walmart instead...oh wait, they have ssm benefits too
I'm loving this Chocolate Candy Cane Cookie  recipe!!
  ad 
 cookies  walmart  chocolate… 
Maaaaaan I'm slightly above average but u put me in Walmart I'm the finest thing walking… 
 razzle1337 walmart
L L 2016 TOPPS  DavidPrice RED SOX HOLIDAY WALMART SNOWFLAKE PARALLEL GU RELIC SP  MLB  Picher…… 
I'm geeking to go to Walmart Thursday I'll eat when I get back 😭😂
why did I just spend  10 in Walmart on CHEESE
Disney Frozen Character Art Set  [ Save 74% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
Only at Walmart will I find a woman with a better mustache than I can grow
Walmart is Using Blockchain to Find Contaminated Food Sources via  Futurism
Walmart: Mist Twist or Schweppes 2 Liters- Only  0.50! 
 Badgalleele bring me something from Walmart🙃
But on another note Walmart selling Retros now
Even at Walmart I be bagging my own groceries & the OCD kicks in.
Walmart taps artificial intelligence to deliver the next-gen of personal shoppers  Wired  CA_Rewrite… 
 HillaryClinton  Trump  marcorubio DO you know why the corporate world is doing better then ever, its because they PAY SHIT WAGES! Walmart
 shanedawson i went to that walmart when the 3rd floor was still open and it was always almost emptied towards the back were baby stuff were
I hate the neighborhood Walmart
Across China, Walmart Faces Labor Unrest as Authorities Stand Aside, via  nytimes 
Walmart kicks off Cyber Monday on Friday 
FOUND: A Domestic Short Hair on Oct 28, 2010 at In a box in Walmart parking lot. Please contact us for more information.
FOUND: A Snowshoe on Oct 16, 2010 at WALMART PARKING LOT. Please contact us for more information.
Hey  amazon what's the word on the NES Classic Edition restock?  Walmart has been selling them everyday.
happy birthday  Speicher31 just saw your mommy at walmart! love and miss u bunches ❤️
Finally snagged an NES Classic from Walmart today…which was completely unexpected that it actually went through.
30 minutes left in our Partnership Against Hunger drive at Schnucks and Walmart! Can't make it? Join online at 
Thinking about Walmart makes me want to cry
When you're still salty the next day about Walmart requiring ID to buy a friggin' movie... 
 1AdultEntertainerInNJ   Walmart Union 
Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not include any aloe vera, st...  BKLYN  
Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not include any aloe v...  BrooklynNets  
 HouseGOP NEXT INVEST INTO SMALL BUSINESS, 3 D PRINTING MANUFACTURING, GoogleE IT YOU CAN MAKE 3D BIKES, DISHES, ALMOST EVERYTHING IN WALMART
Are you a health plan pro? Find out and enter to win (2)  100 Walmart gift cards and more! 2 winners total. 
 nilsy_g  ItsYourBoyBlue_ wow dress uniform to walmart
there is not one single spot at walmart.🙄
 nicolettegea isn't that the cute Walmart bra 😂😂
Chanel vs. Walmart 
 RoastJohnson 
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25  Walmart GC from  BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
I really hate Walmart 🙂
 shanntypeswords r u at Walmart
I should go to Walmart but 1) I'm too tired and 2) it's two nights before thanksgiving. 😧
 OperationROI Walmart's Marketplace Grows To Over 1,000 Sellers. Read Blog: 
On the road again back to my home town ,were there are dirt roads  and trees and farms for miles  nearest Walmart is about 25 min away ! WI
 HVNNX  Please contact our team at:  so we can assist you. -Isa
I liked a  YouTube video FUNNIEST TOILET PAPER FORT FAIL AT WALMART EVER!
posed to b going to Walmart .
Why does Walmart and 75% of people think it is okay to skip Thanksgiving?¿
I hope before I die I'll see the day when the majority of the population of America understands the concept of "enter" & "exit" at Walmart.
PRETTY SURE TALKING WITH COWORKERS ISNT AS IMPORTANT AS HELPING YOUR FUCKING CUSTOMERS. fucking Walmart
I hate Walmart!!!
These products claim to contain aloe vera — they don’t


 ItsYourBoyBlue_ no he is a pretty genuine guy. Think more douche. Like wear a dress uniform to Walmart on veterans day for no reason level.
Why am I at Walmart?
 nicholas_scot93 I wanna start hanging out at old Walmart again haha. Those were the days
 Walmart when you wait almost 30 minutes for a store pick up and no associate says anything
I just entered to win a  165 Walmart gift card! You can enter here:
Why do I always get stuck behind someone trying to use a coupon that won't work at Walmart!!
Forget "people of Walmart" there needs to be a "people of Costco". 😳the ignorance, disrespect and rudeness of the... 
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more - The Verge: Gospel Herald The best Black…… 
Nothing like being handed a 50 in walmart. Just because people know trenton. There are still good people out there ♡
 brodd123 that sucks, walmart has cup holder thingies that kinda do their job
What? ✔ There’s No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in Aloe Vera Gels at  Walmart  Target  CVS... by  MarshaCollier
my people rlly be going way to target just to shop, like they don't have a walmart right in boutte
Not to brag but I own a designer knockoff Walmart purse
Then I was gonna stop at H-E-B, but that was three times worse than Walmart. 
I saw all the cars and I was like fuck that i'm going home😂
Lady   Walmart tried to get crazy w/ me no hun 😂😂
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more


I've been to 3 Publix's and Walmart and none of them carry Grace hot sauce.
I'm fucking HEATED.
I just went to Walmart and bought three bottles of wine and a Lean Cuisine. It's one of those nights.
If you ever feel bad about your life go to walmart
 jscroggins7897 got my Walmart brand one! Supposedly works just as well too!  greatmindsthinkalike 
I came to Walmart 2 days before Thanksgiving because I was craving some Golden Grahams...  reasonsiknowihatemyself
 _Davidd97_ Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Parker, CO 
Gillette Holiday Gift Sets at Walmart from  10 + pickup - 
Dear Walmart ,

Please discontinue the cut up watermelon spears . They are not sweet  and they taste like... 
 GregAbbott_TX like Walmart Gov?
 nicole_caines Mcdon's in Walmart sells hot chocolate get yourself some bah
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart 
 _lashayyy3 I normally buy expensive brushes but everyone kept saying how good the elf brushes from Walmart were so I went and got a box of
 eBay  ps4  xbone Nintendo NES Classic Edition with 30 Games - Walmart PRE ORDER:  152.50 (5 Bids) End…… 
Shopping for Cookies at Walmart and Pre Homecoming!(chrissoto10): via  YouTube
There's still time to pick up some Twisted Q seasonings at  Walmart before the big meal! Find your local store now: 
Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not have any aloe  
 AOL PLEASE   amazon DOESN'T HAVE ANTHING TO WORRY ABOUT. I'VE TRIED ORDERING FROM WALMART & IT'S LIKE PULLING TEETH.TO PLACE AN ORDER
 Walmart so ordered an item via on Nov 4 as of right now..I still don't have it & have heard nothing. Any thoughts
 mircifer i always forget Walmart does that weird buy from other sellers through them thing lmao
 BlackFriday deals from  Walmart with price comparisons from  Amazon! Plan your shopping agenda ahead of time:… 
So I'm still a friendly person, I guess. Helped out a random customer at Walmart, although I did send them to a different store  goodguy
Dear America,
You can bring manufacturing back to America.
Or, you can shop at Walmart.
You can't have both.
Pick one.
I can literally walk in walmart for one thing! Then come out forgetting where the hell i parked at!
So I was going to Walmart for O'Keefes lost my card right, wound up finding  21 and my debit card in my car lol thank you Lord
 ThatTEXASGuy13 Some items sold by Walmart are also available from third-party Retailers - like this one, and they set their own prices.-Rad
 ScottMadaglia Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
IM DEAD IN SHANE'S NEW VID THAT WALMART HE WENT TOO IS LITERALLY MY CHILDHOOD WALMART
Black Friday 2016: The best tech deals at Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart and everywhere else - CNET 
I could wear a outfit head to toe in Walmart clothes and I bet you'd never guess
 _jay268 i have lists on walmart and amazon 😂😂
 J3TLAGGED  Please tell us more about what happened so we can try to help. -Isa
 amynightingale WalMart. Srsly.
I need to go to Walmart 🙄
Never in my life will I understand why Walmart ALWAYS has only 6 cash registers open
Review  Walmart My Life cat hat for dolls.  dolls  americangirl  cats   hats  accessories  review  ProductReview
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Las Vegas, NV 
Walmart doesn't even have Overwatch...such sadness 😭
Why does Walmart always have the longest lines🙅🏻‍♂️
"If I see you at Walmart....." (shakes fist)
 naptime   Walmart Nashville - Dickerson Pike 
Funny How 2 Do's... How to Annoy Walmart employees. Please check out this post and follow me if you liked it.… 
Never go to Walmart with a sweet tooth
Some Walmart lover! 
 xcxKelly lol just watched an old lady at Walmart freak out bc of that
Somebody seen me at Walmart & said "hey Cindy" 😂😂😂😂😂👌🏾
Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not include any aloe vera, study says 
Help ME win and enter for your shot at a  600 Walmart Gift Card from  CBS6. 
I was gonna stop at Walmart to get something to make for dinner, but everybody & their mom was there getting shit for Thanksgiving 🙄
I tell people that all the time. That Walmart shit dry you out 
No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS and Target

 Walmart  AloeVera  Target  CVS  Fake 
seeing  jeenkss at walmart just made my whole day .
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger in Line at Grocery Store  - ABC News - via  ABC
Kilt em!!!!  witha"t"  coupons   Walmart Nashville - Dickerson Pike 
F*CK YOU WALMART!! Moist Christmas Haul via  LucasCruikshank
People Of Walmart 
 DatKid_Adrian Sweet victory! Raise a toast to yourself. 🙌 -Rad
 jonminer12  TylerGonzales23 it's only 40  on Thursday at Walmart
Just got to LV and I'm already going to Walmart to kill time
 FilmClickbait Apparently he's in a Kentucky Walmart.
when i was in walmart this guy in the line had minions screaming as his ringtone
Walmart Supercenter 
Jackpot at  Walmart!   jimmybuffett Live for  5!  FinsUp 
Walmart's Cyber Monday plans should have Amazon terrified: via  AOL
Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not have any aloe   FactsApps  Fashion 
Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not have any aloe
"Cause you know Walmart tell the truth"😭😭
 catherineedarby Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Cherry Hill Walmart might be top 5 filthiest destinations
 _deerslayer somebody at Walmart too. Go figure
 usmile1 I just saved you  1600. I’ll accept payment in the form of timtams. 
Enter to win A  165 Walmart Gift Card! from  SweepWidget
 NPDMattPowell Great hypocrisy of Americans. Want "living wage" jobs but buy everything at Walmart prices. Can't have it both ways.
I just saw a really hot guy from my school at Walmart and I look like trash so embarassing
Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not have any aloe 
Dignity and personality are on sale  Walmart on  blackfeiday hit them up b4 they run out 😂😂😂😂
 DLin71  0014orbesmarch  WalmartCanada I LOVE it when Walmart says "Made in Canada" or "Made in USA"  What product? Where? PROVE IT!
Enjoy these QUICK cookie  recipes & supplies at Walmart  ad  HeatherTalents
 thepioneerwoman  Walmart will buy as gifts and fill them with your receipes thanks for such beautiful things
 suppyaisha Walmart for 4.99 you can find the change on the ground 😂
 Arkansas high court upholds permanent injunction against  picketing on  Walmart property:  emplaw  NLRA  UFCW
Walmart in torrance is the ratchetest!!! Geez!!
This boy just walked pass me at Walmart & said to his friend "damn she thick" 😂😂
Season 1 of the  TheExpanse BluRay on sale for  17.50 at Walmart and Amazon! Season 2 begins in February 2017   scifi
Like I had to wait in line to get my oil changed and to get pics printed at walmart. So odd.
 katiesteff And those are dominating the labor market today. If Walmart goes toes-up by overpaying their employees, good riddance. 2/2
 AGRutledge When you get voted out... I am sure you will wish you didn't do this, because this rule protects Walmart asst. managers as well.
Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not have any aloe ^NYDailyNews
Imagine seeing this when u walk down the aisle at  Walmart 😱 
 Walmart do y'all carry this  LOrealParisUSA  lorealparis  5.45  IntenselustrousAuburn or  IntenseLustrousBrown ? 
I was just leaving Walmart and there was two old bulldaggers bonding over a broken down pickup truck parked next to me
 OurWalmart action demanding paid sick time for employees. Time to step up Walmart. 
royce fills up a walmart bag a day full of hair 🙄
 PRT  Art  42 Hand Painted Flying Autumn Leaf Canvas Wall Art with Silver 
Being at Walmart with 3 constantly bickering boys 2 days before Thanksgiving is a special kind of hell. 👿😱💀
Johnson said we're not savage enough o make him cry on snap but he the pussy who lost his mum in Walmart  RoastJohnson
Keranique at CVS, Sephora, or Walmart? - 
Hey  Walmart, join CVS in keeping tobacco out of pharmacies. Pledge to remove tobacco from your shelves.… 
Gerber Starter Pack All-in-One Diaper with Insert 2 Boys Small 8-18lbs - 
somehow i was in Walmart and at the checkout, the cashier just falls and has a seizure, the manager just stares at him & doesn't call 911👏👏
Walmart was just playing One Thing by 1D. How nostalgic 😌
I'm at Walmart in Oreamuno, Cartago 
 JustTwatchingJo def hamburger helper or a  5 rotisserie chicken from Walmart and some zatarains rice
 Nessonett2184 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Thank You Teachers - Courtesy of Walmart  Walmart  EvergladesK8 
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
Bizarre robbery arrest involving teen at Walmart in the town of Hopewell  mpnnow
 BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats I love giving cookies as gifts!  ad 
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
 ausretrogamer When I imported my copy of starfox from America it came with this receipt from Walmart in 1994. 
If ur able to stand on the seat of ur "handicap" electric scooter to reach something on the top shelf in Walmart, u prolly aren't handicap
F*CK YOU WALMART!! Moist Christmas Haul: via  YouTube by  LucasCruikshank via  c0nvey
 Walmart I'll be doing my Black Friday shopping at Walmart !
 Shiny02 re Facebook, a friend I loved earlier spent 5 mins sharing pics of fat ppl in Walmart. I shared this. She… 
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more 
Walmart's having a clearance sale on maternity pants, I know what I'm strategically wearing during Thanksgiving
 deeon_14  katnamwee And walmart 😊😊
 zoieburgher  KEEMSTAR  kenzliee you most certainly do not look life a Walmart bag. Maybe a market basket bag xD JK!
 JasmineCrutcher walmart got my ass working on thanksgiving. Lol target hiring?
That hairy red fruit came from ... Walmart? 
 skvarghese It shows that this item is available for pickup at our Irving store on Fri, Nov 25. Is the store loc close enough to you? -Rad
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist F*CK YOU WALMART!! Moist Christmas Haul
I would never shop   AnywhereButTARGET because  Walmart sucks.
 recki78 The Walmart in question is in a, ehem, particularly "not so great part of town". Unless you don't mind getting shot...
chanel vs walmart  RoastJohnson 
 hotovy I bought it new, read it and returned it to Walmart. I also read Tito's book which was worse.
 katnamwee I got it from walmart 😊
Lets go to Walmart and buy food
 zoieburgher  KEEMSTAR  kenzliee N even a Walmart bag gets more attention than you n your 12 old army
 BEARyGrateful y  Team There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 MBJ BILL CRAWFORD: More taxes for rank and file, less for wealthy and Walmart. Read Blog: 
I just danced in the middle of Walmart because my brother was taking forever. No regrets
Sorry guys I have been busy I had to go to the doctors then Walmart
Walmart has the Magic Chef 1.6 cu. ft. Top Load Portable Washer for  198 (28% off). 
fenna go to Walmart ! we can do it tn 
 Yumichic Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 AGRutledge - just in time for the holidays...make sure to stop by Walmart HQ & pick up your 💵 
Ran into  Zac_McClellan at Walmart. Missed you so much friend!
 Kyle_man1979 We're sorry it went out of stock before you  completed the transaction. We are working on restocking as soon as we can. –Isa
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Plano, TX 
" Xiaomi Mi Box  Now Available at Your  Local  Walmart"  tech  android  mobile 
Okay so I was on the phone with Walmart for 6 minutes and I was transferred probably one time each minute. Literally just asking for dice.
 HAFowler Makeup departments are the worst, I swear. The Walmart by my campus didn't have the shade I wanted from October 2015 to at (1)
Walmart - Nov 22 - 27 

Go Here -->>   
Walmart - Nov 22 - 27 -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
I'm at  Walmart in Redlands, CA 
Walmart is the worse during holiday season
Today, I went somewhere besides work and I regret it. No more going to Walmart or Hobby Lobby for the rest of the year. I'm good.
 MeagannAnn I got the slippers at Walmart like a week ago they're probably still there!!
Luck has brought us the  Outlander Season Two Blu-Ray, just in time for the... by  lovinOutlander via  c0nvey
"Are you half Asian?"

      -random lady at Walmart 
If you come to Walmart pharmacy today beware... so much crazy
How much are the wings at Walmart?
 _AllieLambert and I about to highkey call CPS on people at Walmart
There's so many fucking idiots at the 78/Walmart red light
 bhxpe_ Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
someone go to walmart w me
You mean Kmart*  zoieburgher Walmart is still in business.
Full List of 154 Walmart Stores to Close Across U.S. via  whohd
Old lady I passed at Walmart smelled like straight dank
Avy gets a toy everytime we go to walmart. 😶😶
Battleship: Star Wars Edition Board Game for  13 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET 
 stellagosa that was exactly my plan too and im heading to walmart right n ow
When you try to make a quick trip to Walmart and end up seeing everyone you went to high school with 🙃  smalltownprobs
Let the tears begin to fall. You asked for it and you got it. Walmart for all! 
You work at Walmart...CONGRATUFUCKINGLATIONS LMAOOOOOOO
the top headline in the breitbart "hollywood" section is jon voigt buying a stranger a turkey at a fucking walmart.
about to go to walmart & in this outfit i'll be surprised if i don't end up online with "people of walmart"
Why does Walmart always have one person working in the money center 🙄
I'm sitting on one of the Walmart benches when I yelled "DEODORANT, I forgot deodorant." I got the strangest looks from the people around me
The Walmart on Lemon and Orangethorpe has a weird vibe to me. Doesnt feel like a regular Walmart
This Roasted  sweetpotato Pie is a perfect addition to your  thanksgiving dinner  ad 
 bunnycure WALMART actually...theyre pj tops but tbh id wear them as regualr winter shirts theyre so cute
Will you be able to get the iPhone 7 at Walmart on Black Friday???  Walmart
It was a Walmart day: socks, shirts, and a new jacket.  DoingBoca
every time hoku sees me wearing a pair of ultraboosts she calls them "dr scholls Walmart yeezy delights" I really can't stand my siblings
Walmart run...
OK SACHSE WALMART. WHERE ARE YOU FINDING UR CUTE ASS EMPLOYEES???!? HMU
I walked into a Walmart for the first time in probably 5 years, and came out alive.   TuesdayMotivation
 BleedsIron my local WalMart where I grew up was pretty special: 
If Winco was up the street besides Walmart, I would shop there too. But also keeping Walmart intact as well. So again, EXPANDING OPTIONS.
What a feeling to see your work on iTunes and in Walmart ...pretty cool I must say 😎😎 Thanks to… 
Walmart sells fireworks? Lmao 😂😂 
Governor Cuomo Announces Partnership with Walmart, Wegmans, FreshDirect and the Coca-Cola Company to Feed Over 35,00…
Me N Sarah sniffing my bra in Walmart smell like straight ⛽️😂
 Nessonett2184  Walmart good luck.
 MettaDamnFool ALWAYS!! I be so pissed. Cause only Walmart sells it. I'd have to eat it in traffic. That's a 40 minute drive in 5 pm traffic
 morgan_murphy Walmart has a lot off good shit right now, if you need Christmas lights.
Luck has brought us the  Outlander Season Two Blu-Ray, just in time for the... by  sassenach4life via  c0nvey
 zoieburgher  KEEMSTAR  kenzliee  streached Walmart bag
They said this was at Walmart 
2 brothers are charged after taking a joy ride on a mini-bike through a northern Kentucky  Walmart. ICYMI on  WCPO… 
You know you're a server when you find yourself saying "corner" in heb or Walmart ahahah
 thegoods33 take one from these guys hanging outside Walmart. They don't look to stout.
This is How Black Friday Works at Walmart, Best Buy, Target, Sam's Club and Amazon 
Walking into Walmart and some kids are doing the duck call from the mighty ducks.  iseeyou
 ITSCOOKIN  Walmart guess I'll find out tomorrow says processing in the email as dec 1st
 Kyle_man1979 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
It's some bad bitches at Walmart but none of them are Mexican or black so it's ova for me
 ersatzflesh the only places I've been today we're dutch and Walmart so no :(((
 zoieburgher a walmart bag i'd never get rid of tho
 psiangelic Letting my sister do the cooking, watching the Parade & the dog show, maybe going late to the Walmart Black Friday sale.
 Chrislp427  NobodyEpic Dyson from the frozen food section st Walmart
I was finally able to order a Nintendo Classic from  Walmart today at 5pm EST. Not many… 
Walmart is so crazy, I say every year not to go during holidays but yet I always end up coming.
You'd think carrying water for Walmart would be exhausting. You're truly a terrible person. 
I can't tell if it smells like smoke because I'm in a Walmart parking lot, or because of the wild fires.  lungcancer
yo i can't help I look like a walmart bag 
F*CK YOU WALMART!! Moist Christmas Haul: via  YouTube
 MicheleLPage2 Need help, Michelle? -Rad
This girl got her child in Walmart with no coat on. It's 36 degrees outside.
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
I got half a mind to turn on Benny and the Jets while in the bathroom at walmart.... but I guess it can wait.... for now
 Nessonett2184  Walmart day after. I never got a shipping confirmation though. It was processing and then they just cancelled it.
i am not fucking with walmart this week at all.
 BallentinePTA  won a grant from  Walmart , who donated the incredible gift bags we received today👍FV has a WalMart… 
No doubt! The manager at my walmart looks like he JUST put the pipe down yesterday 😂😂😂😂😂 
Or you can just go to Walmart 
She is the main?????? Jemma is Walmart close to Gucci Queen Daisy??? Die?? 
Aloe products at Walmart, CVS and Target may not include any aloe vera,  Study says 
 amazon is betting that you'll like it's delivery & curbside pickup as much as  Walmart's. 
 SweetL3af lmao line up for the skate gear at Walmart if you want the black friday deals bruh
Holiday deals are here. Are they worth it and is Black Friday still relevant? 
I love my kids with all my heart and I wouldn't change them for the world but if Walmart had a daycare area that would be amazing
See everybody at walmart
Shane made a video about how the Walmart in panorama is fucking haunted wtf hahaha
walmart tests use of blockchain to manage supply chain tracking for food safety. interesting use case. 
 alyssamellegard  RyanScottGraham but like also you can tell the people at walmart to put a picture on a tshirt for you?
walmart employee here😏 .
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? Pay Pal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 11/30/16 
We got our fill of  BlackFriday working on this  Walmart  commercial. Check it out while you're getting ready for l… 
How to Host an Instagram-Worthy Thanksgiving with  Walmart  ad  
 ReTweet  EyebrowPencil  Outdoor Girl Aqua Eyebrow Pencil Gray 0.01 oz 
I liked a  YouTube video MANNEQUIN Challenge In Walmart !!
 DavidBellavia Ya know, on Veterans day only one person in Walmart thank me for my service (Vietnam) & being a Marine; sad isn't it.
Fr.. I Done Seen Some Questionable Stuff In Walmart.! 
Congratulations to Dutch for booking Walmart!

Photo by Sharon Studios 
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart via  BreitbartNews by  The_IRockthy via  c0nvey
 timhamil Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Walmart modded a(n) Sanik  amiibo
Somebody yelled out world star in Walmart and some people jumped out of line to see what is going on
There may be no aloe in that aloe vera you just bought  cvs  target  walmart  lawsuit
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
[70333] Nexo Knights - ULTIMATE Robin is on sale for  6.97 (30% off from reg. 9.99) 
 shanedawson  mytoecold  Garrett_Watts OMG. You went to Walmart at Panorama City?! I didn't know it is haunted! :O
 BiggieSmalley Our apologies! Please speak to a member of management or let us know about this issue  at  -Isa
 wxyZee  We're your  BlackFriday destination for top savings! -Rad
I just went to Walmart, home, Walmart again. I just don't understand. Halp!
Me: i wanna be a doctor

Me to me: become a greeter at walmart 
when ur exercising in walmart and ur finna nut coz u so damn hot😩😩😩 
😂😂😂😂 boy you open like Walmart for that Lil junt  
 Sears Shopping at  Sears is painful. Rude and overly intrusive cashiers and lack of customer service. I'll now stick to  Walmart &  Target
For a bday, go to Walmart with people and make a house out of toilet paper!
I was finally able to order a Nintendo Classic from  Walmart today at 5pm EST. Not many people… 
 brittdoeswhatev yeah I know what he means after so many years at Walmart I avoid that place like the plague.
 AGRutledge Pure coincidence that you're in the home state of WalMart. Nothing to see here.
 creativitybooster: Surprise personal embed codes at Walmart. TOP 10 ideas:  growthhacking  socialmedia
 Walmart new pick up service is great, but I don't understand why we must call 10 min. prior to arrival then make us wait 20 more min.
Sephora, online, or if it's drugstore target & Walmart 
 FatNuts8 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Ugh I kept running into my HS principal at Walmart 🙄🙄
Walmart on Lafayette really be having too much going on.
Full list: 154 Walmart stores to close in U.S. via  worldnetdaily
 ITSCOOKIN  Walmart when did it cancel out?
 shanedawson  mytoecold  Garrett_Watts the same Walmart again and  get an employee to take you guys up there with them
 EmilyJonesMcCoy Walmart? Target? G'day mate!
Canandaigua teen charged with felony robbery following incident at Walmart 
Nintendo NES Classic Edition with 30 Games - Walmart PRE ORDER 
 TinyNue  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart via  BreitbartNews I love this man!
Where does one buy pomegranate seeds/arils bc I went to Walmart & walked around like an idiot & couldn't find them
Done wit the shopping now wit the cooking. Blessings.   Walmart… 
Saw one of my student's great grandpa today in Walmart. 
Gramps: you have a hairy legged boyfriend? 
My mother: no, do you know anyone? HAHA
 Nessonett2184  Walmart I had an order number as well.
after a full summer of checking target walmart and walgreens periodically for wet n wild setting spray i finally get to try it out ❣️
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Omaha, NE 
 Loo_keey we still at Walmart getting all this damn food. Go with crystal to Mckiyla  game
They killin me it's a Walmart too😩
 shanedawson still no comment but done with that Walmart...
 27 a video game at Walmart Black Friday.
was on the phone with ashy for 20 minutes and we discussed waffles and a walmart mascot called carl the shopping cart
HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US!  shanedawson should visit more haunted places👻I love this😝 
 CardCash Walmart  thanksgiving  Turkey
Miss don't even get me started on Walmart! That spot is hell on earth! Looks like a damn mental hospital lmao! 
It's called a Roll Back at Walmart or you can call it a take back. 
It's never a good idea to come to walmart
Top DreamWorks Trolls Gift Picks from Walmart – Get 20% Off  TrollsatWM via  stacieinatlanta
 Joh3637 Glad you made time to see us!  walmartrun -Rad
There's a haunted walmart I want to go see it
 ilovejojoandmat The week before Thanksgiving at the grocery store = Black Friday at Walmart
Walmart Black Friday 2016, Ads, Deals,  trafficgeneration  onlinetraffic  listbuilding 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US
 geothebio I got some really good dairy supplements from Walmart that you take before eating dairy and have saved my life man
Why am I sitting on the floor in the middle of an aisle in Walmart trying to stay awake? College, that's why.
 SceneAmatiX walmart
 ReTweet  BabyFood  Happy Baby Happy Yogis Organic Superfoods Yogurt 
Walmart. That's a thing.
Nasty thing! But a thing all the same.
Lmaoooooo.. Walmart Be The Same Way.! 
 josheidelson Walmart may also be kicking itself b/c they preemptively increased managerial salaries.
 arshhk_ there's always an awful brand of sugar free ice cream wherever I shop. Like Walmart, Safeway, Albertsons 😂
Kid said aye hold up guys Ima go sue Walmart for ripping me off real quick
I sware Chipotle and Walmart are my Weakness
Aloe vera gel from Walmart, CVS Pharmacy & Target contains no evidence of aloe vera at all. 
Walmart stay hiring the dumbest people
It's not like anti LGBTQ ppl ever shopped at target anyway. We all know you dwell at walmart. 

  AnywhereButTARGET
 Destysneeze Walmart sucks you in, trust me.
Walked into Walmart to buy a back pack and came out with three bags of clothes... Oh and a back pack 👌🏼
Paul B. of Warner Robins, GA  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
What? ✔ There’s No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in Aloe Vera Gels at  Walmart  Target  CVS via Bloomberg  business 
 addi_e_son Got a min? Can you share your concern here so we can notify the store management? -Rad
I forgot half of what I went to Walmart for cause I was tryna rush 🙄
No matter what Walmart you go to it's the same everywhere 🙃
Went into Walmart to get some headache medicine and came out with like 6 other things including star wars socks
look   what i found in walmart  underscoregeoff 
I genuinely hate Walmart on Winchester. I thought the Walmarts in Tally was bad, but this one takes the cake
 Walmart account was hacked and savings catcher rewards were stolen. 😞 I hate thieves.
imma punch Walmart in its nose if they don't stop scheduling me for 7:30 am shifts
 M_a_d_d_i_e__S target, heb, walmart, basically anywhere! I haven't found it at market basket though
I hate Walmart
 trumpyourthanksgiving Obama will be eating "Walmart" chicken  Thanksgiving. Trump sent him a Big Old Beautiful Turkey and he pardoned it
I'm sitting in the Walmart parking lot and this lady parks hella close to my car, THEN PROCEEDS TO HIT MY DOOR WHEN SHE OPENED HERS
Man, you REALLY have to be a loser to get banned from Walmart 
SL+TH There may be no aloe in that aloe vera you just bought  Cvs  Target  WalMart
So I go to Walmart with my uncle, and he wanted to buy alcohol but they wouldn't let him because I wasn't his child and I wasn't 21. 🤔
Crunchmaster Crackers Just  0.83 At Walmart!  Walmart  walmart
Just saw Trent and Jake siepel in Walmart and we talked... awkward is an understatement 😂😂
 spiderlou2099 We're listening, and we're happy to introduce our Holiday Helpers this year to help you get out the door quickly. -Rad
Some lady at Walmart just stopped me and told me, "I just want you to know that Jesus loves you & have a blessed Thanksgiving" 😭❤️
A walmart employee just came up to me while I was w my mom and said "a young man back here wanted to talk to you" and I said "why, idk him"
 makaylagrace15 that new baby of Johnnys is goals! I about snagged her from Hope the other day at Walmart. Miss you guys!
Now I just gotta talk Jennah into taking me to Walmart to get more shit with her wallet 🙃 
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, and more 
 groverbox  Walmart time for Target
I just remembered I gotta run to walmart tmrw after work to get a refill on my birth control. In Walmart on the day before Thanksgiving. 😣🔫
So I'm standing out front of Walmart....

...and I actually feel like I fit in here
WHICH MEANS INVEST IN 98¢ to  3.50 CHAPSTCK AT YOUR LOCAL DRUG STORE AND WALMART 
 markiplier found you the perfect xmas sweater at walmart today 🎁 
Is Black Friday The Best Day To Meet Your Worst Customers?: IMAGE DISTRIBUTED FOR WALMART - (P..  business  news 
it came out okay, i might go to walmart soon to get some splat in green bc the one i got wasNt very good dkdkd
After going to Walmart I'm about ready to burn my house down if there's no basil in the cabinet
I hate winco.. as much as I hate Walmart.
 Walmart will y'all be getting anymore of the mini Nintendos in stock
 Walmart Nobody came to help in the paint section. Waited over 20min after help was promised.
Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food  Ethereum 
Downton Abbey: Season 2 (Original UK Unedited Edition)  [ Save 74% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
Jon Voight buys turkeys for stranger at Walmart via  worldnetdaily
The  holidays are here! Let's  bakewithbetty &  walmart >ad   Ashabs11
Some lady just walked up to me in Walmart holding a razor and says "Do you think I could slit my throat with this knife?" I mean....😳💁
I tell you what, there are some characters in the Longview Walmart this time of year.
 catiedemontille Thanks, Catie! We appreciate your support in our  sustainability efforts. 🌐 -Brian
She just doing my Walmart shopping cause they start early 😩 we still going !! 
I lost my mom in Walmart and she won't answer her phone
The key ingredient in  garlicseasalt tortilla chips is a little patience.  gobuckwild  walmart  garlicseasalt  magic 
Shopping will be getting a robotic reboot  Walmart in the future Wired  CA_Rewrite 
Walmart taps artificial intelligence to deliver the next-gen of personal shoppers  Wired  CA_Rewrite 
Santa has been good so we will get him some  OREOcookies thanks to  Walmart too!  Oreo  snackandsave  walmart  ad… 
 Kyle_man1979  Walmart It's all bogus. This was my third time with this botted site. Three strikes, I'm out!
Walmart Black Friday: Galaxy Covers Cases -protective Cases Compatibel With Galaxy S4 Black Friday:  
he's also wearing a dadrock shirt you'd find at Walmart
 ISU_Dale05 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Ruin Christmas early with  thebrianposehn as UNCLE NICK, now on Blu-ray & DVD  Walmart! 
 BiggieSmalley What seems amiss? -Rad
Camilo to Genaro: This is where your mixtape belongs.
*Points to the trash can in Walmart*
 Crackmacs Walmart turned me down.  Shitty feeling for sure.
My sister just hit the back of my ankle w/ this Walmart cart .... yeah I'm done
 juliaramsayy Ik for sure it's at Walmart and Ulta :) It's the orange one
Take A Look At Your Mail Today - IF You Got A Check from Walmart, It Means... 
Chances are if you come to Walmart and go through the self check out with a basket full of groceries I already don't like you😂😂
Got to love Walmart ..if they got a 150 HP outboard snatch it for me..haha 
this kid at walmart keeps screaming "HO HO HO MERRRRY CHRISTMAS". same
Fina Go To Walmart & Get Some Dye & Products For My Hair
Walmart run when I get off
I just want a hot cocoa making kit from Target or Walmart
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart! Some people are fucking crazy! But its pretty hot! 
Some Scalper listened to Walmart's Splatoon Nintendo™ amiibo in the public
 Walmart HAYULP!!!!! I just got info something I sent to someone a month ago NEVER ARRIVED!!!
The most annoying part about Walmart isnt the   of registers open, it's the ppl in the electronics section that ask who ur cable provider is
Gucci vs Walmart 
 CocoNCreammm think they sell those at Walmart?
Ashley H. of Germantown, MD  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 karlyiam OH. or a  10 Walmart gift card 😈
 BestBuy ummm really?, bought tv-scheduled for Today-no call, no delivery no excuse, I went and got my refund, and Walmart here we go.
 lexxxxxxaa he works at Walmart. I've seen him.
 andrewjcowart Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Boeing20LCK saw it in the 5 dollar movie box at Walmart not too long ago too...
 catania7717  FoxNews I agree Robin. If we wanted to see fat people, we can just go to Walmart.
"He look like he shop   Walmart" - IzLukeBrooks  RoastJohnson
I'm at  Walmart in Boonton, NJ 
This one makes a Walmart trip happy! 
 cqminaj is that inside of Walmart
 SitaramYechury  ArvindKejriwal  ndtv guys seriously!! Hav u no brains?? In most western countries, superstores like tesco, walmart r fully+
Small panic attack in Walmart. 

Hannah- 0
Life- 1
Fml
The bitches that work at Walmart be the ones wanting a mf to bring something to the table 😂😂😂
 meganxlb I SWEAR she talked to like 4 people in walmart man 🙄 i was like wtf 😑
 Walmart Will the NES Classic be online tomorrow? Or does it matter because you let the reseller "bots" buy em to resell in your marketplace
 RoastJohnson Gucci vs Walmart  JackJ 
Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place 
They won't be lumping you in with anybody b/c nobody is going to care. You'll be filling out your Walmart applicati… 
 Hoddy_FavGirl word I need somebody Walmart card 😂
 frenchiepdr Fuck walmart I want was is mine under Obama I had a chunk of my paycheck taken away no more
 Walmart see. Was about to process. 
. Walmart  IA_MN_Fan I clicked as fast as I humanly could and still nothing.These stock responses are lame, Brian! I'm not a bot.  NESmini
ICYMI  Walmart and  GdZoficial teamed up  LatinGRAMMYs with a surprise  10K donation to support the  LasVegasAcademy 
Last minute grocery shopping (at  Walmart Supercenter in Doral, FL) 
 happyspud Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Miranda0003 tip to Miranda: don't work in Walmart two days before thanksgiving. That crap sucked 😂😂
 shanedawson for another video can you try to get up on the third and fourth floor of Walmart? Lol
WalMart tree in LAPlata needed more angels, so my little assistant, my grandson, Jojo  welcomed the opportunity... 
I brought it from Walmart too like tf 
Walmart Viernes Negro 2016: Ofertas de Walmart Black Friday  walmart  viernesnegro  blackfriday2016  blackfriday
59 i saved by not showering for 3 days or subway and walmart associates are people to.
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
 barrteva That is the best way to get your concern taken care of! Thanks for the feedback. -Rad
I literally have to give myself a pep talk before visiting the Walmart in Bayonne 💩
Jon Voight buys 6  Thanksgiving turkeys for stranger at  Kentucky Walmart 
Exclusive!! Walmart Store on TEXAS under MARTIAL LAW Operation! (Video E... via  YouTube
Walmart is all out of cabbage tho 😳
Well, would ya look at the bargains at our local  Walmart ? Better hurry ! 😂😂😂😂  Fail 
 Walmart shopping at your stores gives me cancer
 TheRyanLefler Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart could you have someone follow for dm just spent 45 mins on phone to get hung up on
Haven't gotten your NES Classic yet?  Don't fret!  is releasing consoles at 5:00pm EST ever… 
Still waiting to find this in a Walmart... 
So about Walmart having yeezys 🤔  big_Aye_
 Walmart Order was cancelled after successfully placing it due to card issue. Card info was correct. Any way you can push it through, or no?
 blockchain From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food - Ars Technica 
I'm at Walmart. I'll be answering your questions for the next 20 minutes.
Worried about tummy troubles at the holidays?  Head to  Walmart to stock up on  digestive relief products!  ad
Walmart is the best I can do 
If I wouldve known this, I wouldve went to Walmart my damn self! 😒
 SRoyChowdhury01  Ms_Aflatoon  Rohinisgh_ET true u can withdraw upto  100 in Walmart
Christmas time at Walmart is just like Christmas time at Disney... right? 
 Walmart  shanedawson HAUNTED TOUR👀
Sign up!  EquateExclusives product recommendations, savings + advice from
other like-minded moms. Only  Walmart: AD 
 vpr3illy Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Listening to a uncompleted track in the car test is what really makes you think to quit music and go make a career in Walmart.
 CattHarmony  GlomarResponder no-turn-signalers
People who give long winded answers to yes/no q's. Walmart people-carts.
Walmart is probably thinking of cost efficiency in it's supply chain -  NickAyton  cloudnthings  thomaspower  Stevewal63  MattLightbourn1
 blackfriday  Walmart  BestBuy  amazon  ebay Zero deals from any stores on PS4 Pro. Who want my business?  BlackFriday
Seeing my ex's mom in Walmart and her giving me a second look just to see if its me and smiling is always so awkward
Stillwater PD investigates Walmart larceny 
 Walmart how can I compete against bots? Took me minimal time to check out. Still screwed.
There's always that one kid at walmart or the mall that whines and cries soo fucking loud like children like you make me not wanna have kids
So I found supercharge purple at my Walmart earlier, and then when I came out someone had backed into my car. My luck sometimes…
Two things I hate most:

Houston traffic & lines in Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in North Port, FL 
So excited I got to order the Nintendo nes classic edition online at Walmart before it sold out 😬😬 it sold out in legit 2 minutes
 Finewhine78 It can be frustrating! Items in the virtual cart are not guaranteed. Inventory will update as other sales are finalized. -Brian
 NickAyton  cloudnthings  thomaspower  Stevewal63  MattLightbourn1 some people care about provenance, prob not typical Walmart customer tho
Bam! Ran into the famous Mr. Willie at  Walmart! He always puts a smile on everyone's face. Thank you for your kind… 
 CommanderC429 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Headed to Walmart to buy more socks. Im still in my feelings about my 3 missing socks
 corksterlove walmart i'm telling you
UP THE STREET. Walmart I get Geau Colonge. But keeping Kroger primary for FUEL POINTS. Both are the same. Winco wou… 
Walmart:The Expanse: Season 1 on Blu-ray / Digital HD 17.50 
being in walmart when there's a screaming baby made me realize i'm never having kids, i'll be the super cool aunt who's allowed to leave em
 shanedawson  mytoecold  Garrett_Watts thanks now Ima be thinking of that every time i go to this walmart
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart via  BreitbartNews
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and…  sharethis  KcAashik
 Walmart Stores will be offering online deals reserved for  CyberMonday two  days in advance this year over the  Thanksgiving weekend.
Protected Bike Lanes Are Sprouting Up in Walmart Country  NorthwestArkansas
This Green Bean Casserole by The  PioneerWoman will be at my house for... by  greenmissionmom via  c0nvey
I think that Walmart and other large grocery stores, should have lanes for slow traffic and lights, etc to keep buggy traffic flowing!
New post: Walmart Experiments With Blockchain to Safely Store Food   Bitcoin  free  ltc
 shanedawson  mytoecold  Garrett_Watts hahha that's the walmart i go to😂😂
Thanks to  Walmart, Vanc. Metro Sunset Rotary, & Jennifer Venable from John L. Scott  PALofVancouver gave 40 Thanks… 
How to get a NES Classic without spending  300 
Real leadership=addressing ALL major sustainability goals.  JennyKAhlen on  Walmart's 2025 goals: 
"I'm thankful for the food, it looks good. Walmart did a bang up job." 
Who's gonna hit up Walmart and Tbell with me 🤗
 Finewhine78 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Bakery Gauntlet Challenge 2!
Reason why on Walmart questionaire, is causes application process to be INCOMPLETE. Kroger won me over as years passed.
I did it! I finally snagged a Nintendo NES from  Walmart  nintendoNESmini  nintendo
The things you see at good ole Walmart 😂😂😂 
a girl from back in va got proposed to in Walmart & if that isn't the epitome of a lot of the people that live there then idk what is lmaoo
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Indianola, IA 
Let's ask  gtbynum! When do the dams start giving us Walmart quantities of money? We wanna go ride bikes. 
 PRT  BabyFood  Plum Organics Just Prunes Stage 1 Organic Baby Food 
At Walmart today w/ my JerkyPro hat/T-shirt on. Seen this and went to customer service and told them to bury it. Ye… 
Back to Target & Walmart Careers. Info. I hope the Questionare quiz is OUT of the Application process, and hope it's a W/I Submit. Thank you
Companies  Taurus should work for  VictoriasSecret  FordModels  Abercrombie  WellsFargo  bankofamerica  JuiceBeauty  Kmart  Walmart
Googling now: NEVER BEEN TO WALMART AM I ELITE?
I love Walmart but I'm abt to go to target
Terrified? Walmart's Cyber Monday plans should have Amazon terrified 
The  3 Walmart candles do not compare, but I'm no idiot.  20 for anything is too expensive, unless it's signing Adam Eaton to an extension
finna go to Walmart.
Walmart is not designed for people 5'3''😑😑😑
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Please, PLEASE DO NOT BUY AN NES Classic From Walmart For  500!
I liked a  YouTube video Mother Abuses Her Child At Walmart
Tip to self: don't go to Walmart 2 days before thanksgiving! 🙄 ugh headache
Y'all haven't seen ghetto until you go to a Florida Walmart two days before Thanksgiving.
 BlackFriday 2016: More Walmart pre-Black Friday deals now live; eBay Cyber Monday 
 ChrisFarnswort4 Items sitting in your virtual cart are not guaranteed. Inventory will update as other sales are finalized. -Brian
A Big Big Thank you to Computer Doctor Keswick,
Walmart, 
Salvation Army, 
Georgina Cares
Shirley & Matt Ostertag... 
All these Best Buy stores are really far can I trust Walmart for efficient phone chargers
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart 
How I feel about Walmart 😭 
 bridgeteverett  mradamscott  2ndVote is this a joke?? Let them go shop at Walmart with Josh Duggar. I'll be at Target. Bye.
UPDATE: A MARCOS PIZZA IS OPENING UP BY THE NEIGHBORHOOD WALMART ON QUINCY
That's it I'm going back to Walmart to get a refund!!! It won't work😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 
walmart has one that's just cap 
Walmart is a hell hole around this time of year. FML. 😑
 Walmart not yet. it was supposed to be ready by 5 yesterday, I cancelled and reordered at 4 today hoping that will refresh their memory.
I came to Walmart for a Pattie pie and they're all out. I'm calling the police.
 frxngefond im not a blonde either but my hair stays blonde when I use the cheap shampoo and conditioner that are a   1 at Walmart
You know those stupid ass greeters at Walmart who greet you right when you walk through those doors?
Is that the new trash ball collection from Walmart? You rocking that shit bruh 
 owenparmley98  osianmerriOG  MeninistTweet Walmart does do a bang up job tbf
LMFAO WHY WALMART HAVE THESE 😂😂😭😂😩 (Vine by  thtwasstooclose) 
i wanna go to walmart cause i miss ethan and he's there
 Jeff_Beasley Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Going to walmart and buying more then I wanted 😭🙊
I'm at Walmart & 3 people just complimented me on how pretty I am 😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇
Going to Walmart two days before thanksgiving was a HORRIBLE mistake.
 shanedawson don't you find it at all creepy how the Walmart banned Garrett after he snooped around? Maybe they're hiding something?
On Sunday we went to Walmart to do some comparison shopping. (We ended up buying the item online.) We passed two... 
THERES A TABLE OF  8 FLANNELS AT WALMART MY EMO GAY HEART IS HAPPY 
I want everything in the "As Seen On TV" section at Walmart.
 Mine
Dude at Walmart: U married?
Me: no
Him: but you FORSURE got a man
Me: I FORSURE DO
Him: too good, I knew it
Me: 7 years practically wifed✌🏼️
 reggaefooIs i never noticed it on the remix album!! is it from the walmart deluxe section??? 😰
Couponing at Walmart: Rollback On Select Toys (Check Your Store) - Couponing to Disney via  po_st
 hellokitty  Walmart can you get these in the UK?
Was in Walmart for 3 hours just for my order not to be ready yet
Walmart been having me messed up all day 🙄
Jon Voight buys turkeys for stranger at Walmart 
This just in / Esto acaba de salir... Thomas & Friends MINIS Advent Calendar  29.97   Walmart.ca 
 _Swiftie91_ Try again tomorrow, Amber. We're rooting for you! -Brian
Walmart wit that bullshit knowing it's about to be thanksgiving and only got a few lanes open.
Hello my a "YouTube Name" is Toxicplayz I like both cats and dogs, I love shrimp,and love long walks around Walmart
 Walmart missed he nes classic...again tomorrow at 5pm to try?
He's intoxicated and banned from Walmart on Ames Avenue, but he's refusing to leave.
Walmart just gave me an anxiety attack. Why are old woman so mean
Why do I always go to Walmart after playing basketball. Damn my legs hurt
Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food - 
L 2016 TOPPS  DavidPrice RED SOX HOLIDAY WALMART SNOWFLAKE PARALLEL GU RELIC SP  MLB  Picher… 
I love the Walmart date  AChristmasBlessing  omarihardwick
can  ucsantabarbara petition to get a Walmart in Goleta?? or a target. either is cool
 kristenschaaled let's face it, If you support this boycott you are probably a Walmart shopper anyway
Win my heart by Walmart's  5 flower special
 shanedawson  mytoecold  Garrett_Watts do a video about the Walmart in Galveston!! 
Is Black Friday The Best Day To Meet Your Worst Customers? - IMAGE DISTRIBUTED FOR WALMART - (Photo by Gunnar R... 
Be sure to check your local store for rollbacks!

Couponing at Walmart: Rollback On Select Toys (Check Your Store)… 
Dear woman in her pajamas chugging a half gallon of chocolate milk while still in the Walmart checkout: Hello. I also like to party.
5sos is like one direction but the cheaper version you get half of at Walmart or the thrift store
 ITSCOOKIN  Walmart you probably had it in your cart and didn't make it through checkout. I have an order number and shipping confirmation.
 JimRett Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 GivingTuesday I was going to give  5 to Walmart but gave  150 instead.     walmarttakesallmymoney
Give the  gift of   SheaMoisture w. our limited-edition  holiday kits! Available at  walgreens,  walmart &  riteaid… 
Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early 
Aloe vera gel sold by Walmart, Target and CVS doesn't actually have any real aloe in it. 
couldn't find you at walmart today :/  donnylumpkins 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Fishers, IN 
 Walmart that feeling when the NES classic is in your cart but "check out" just takes you to a blank screen. Over a… 
I have the feeling James Brown is spinning in his grave now that his music is being used in Walmart Black Friday commercials.
 Walmart  fluffycakes26 would you know where to get the Black Friday deals?
 TeamSnuggle There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 Kyle_man1979 Inventory in the cart will update if you're not checked out in time before the next sale. 2/2 -Brian
I wanna kill these people at WalMart.
If these  pizzagate types cared about ending child slavery, they wouldn't shop at WalMart (biggest user of child-slave labor worldwide)
Can't buy weed at WalMArt .. but gun toting happy people rarely shop at WalMart for weed right? .. 0,o 
Niva is a Walmart version of the Chanel version that is Bryse.
 Kyle_man1979 Try again tomorrow, Kyle. NES sells fast! 1/2 -Brian
This Cheap Wine From Walmart Is Ranked as One of the Best in the World 
 shanedawson  mytoecold  Garrett_Watts I literally just went to toys r us and Walmart and now I have to watch your video lol
Walmart busy as shit 😂
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Liverpool, NY 
Black Friday isn't just Friday. Its Thursday and all weekend at some places. Walmart has their bluray deals til Sunday  BlackFridayTips
 thenixiepixie Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 shanedawson  mytoecold  Garrett_Watts I NEED TO GO THAT FUCKING WALMART WITH YOU AND BREAK IN THE FOURTH FLOOR
I need 2 hit Walmart real bad 😰
Took a big ass duffel bag to Walmart, oh how times have changed. 🙃
 peopleofYYC tried Walmart?
iloveshopping
Walmart and the mall were crazy. Stayed up all night, what can I say? iloveshopping. :)
"YOU AINT GOT NO SWAG BENJI"-random guy at Walmart 
 hunt_benji
 Walmart  fluffycakes26 So how much time do you give? 10 seconds? Gimme a break. Not buying your excuses.
I'm carding everybody that come in Walmart money center tryna unload 🙄 if you ain't got no ID oh well ✌🏽️
 AdamP112 Walmart
Walmart smells like farts and cheap candles.
I'd rather run through hell with a gas can than go to Walmart
Please explain  Walmart how this is only a "Boys" Toy? You want girls in tech this is not how you do it.… 
 LeBatardShow Ben McAdoo looks like he wears shoes from Walmart
rachel spent 15 minutes in walmart looking for a guy just because he was wearing camo
 Walmart when will the next sale be?
 fish0462 please follow and direct message us so we can assist you further.
 Dustykile maybe ames walmart just sells more of them
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats  ad 
Pulled into Wegmans, couldn't find a parking spot, and decided to just go to Walmart at 3am instead..  thanksgiving
 fluffycakes26 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Black Friday 2016: Walmart Gaming Deals Guide.. Related Articles: 
found  25 in the cash out line at walmart🙂
after a week of trying to get the nes classic edition at walmart, i finally succeeded today~
Thank you  Walmart for my  NintendoAmerica purchase today😬  Nintendo  NES  NintendoClassic  classic  gotit  walmart 
Walmart Strikes Once Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
A foot salesman in the parking lot bypassed my mean Walmart shopping face & destroyed my code of silence.

It didn't go well for him...
Presented my 17 yr old w/ a stack of new clothes from Hollister. His response? "Thanks, Mom...but, Walmart would have been fine!"
THAT KID!😍
Finally got myself a nice phone and not the walmart special, so feel free to send me your numbaaaa
" Abandoned  Walmart is Now  America’s Largest 1-Floor Library"  books  reading 
 KevDGrussing You're like the WalMart of Shipping. 
there are too many people in this Walmart trying to go through self check out with a full cart
Today has been fab! 5th  DoctorStrange viewing, my Walmart  DS  OriginalFunko came in and my baby (31yo) bro is graduating college! 😎😎
 RaineyVoI tough. Gonna be hard to fit it in walmart parking spots tho.
 fluffycakes26 Sorry David. NES sells fast! Inventory in the cart will update if you're not checked out in time before the next sale. -Brian
  people that go to Walmart during Black Friday 
When i was 14 i was a greasy retard who wore the walmart collection...
14 year olds now are in the VIP sections of clubs i cant afford
PSA: Walmart has snow shovels  9, get them now! Don't be like I was last year and wait last minute and never find one.
 VicenteLeah  sadlyamlie  celerystxck  Lowes Well,  Walmart it is.
I'm proud of myself I went to Walmart and got what I needed and not the opposite
Multi vehicle accident on US 31 S at the light into Walmart
My boss: "I love Walmart, you can literally get everything there. Except boyfriends, they don't sell boyfriends."
 prw2801 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
The app  Walmart managers don't want workers to have is here. Donate to get WorkIt in the hands of every Walmart worker
chanel vs dumpster behind walmart 
Hate coming to Walmart alone
*getting my snacks in Walmart*
Boy: "say girl"
Me: "say what bitch?"
 *immediately turns bright red because I didn't mean to let that out*
How do you prepare for the holidays? Be sure to stock up on IMODIUM® to  GetReliefFromTheFeast. Find out more!… 
 Traveling over the holidays? Don't leave w/out these!  ad   ks_1968
Currently stuck at Walmart because I locked my keys in my car AGAIN.  savehailey
made an emergency run 2 walmart 4 a brow pencil bc i got events 2 go 2 tomorrow n they didnt have the 1 i use so i… 
it's cool now that you can buy a presidency at  Walmart
 TotalWine Y'all need to do a better job on competing with Walmart Liquor. I mean, we're talking a safety issue here. And money, too.
The hat I wanted at walmart is sold out. I'm dumb for not getting it.
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more - The Verge - 
Moms of Walmart are UNREAL 
Who wanna go to Walmart 😂😂😂😂😂
They will say to you "dont worry we'll buy some gas masks from the local walmart store" lol 
 yvngfeminist  jaesofamous 😂😂😂 I'm a hype man too tho in Walmart parking lot 😂😂
Please explain hatchimals to me and why they are  250 dollars on 🙄🙄🙄
 bertooooo_  sadlyamlie  celerystxck  Lowes Walmart does Christmas lights for a quarter 👀
Boss gave me a Walmart gift card for Thanksgiving👐  Score
Pokemon Big Pikachu Twin/Full Bedding Comforter Set  39.98 
Was  68.00 Save  28.02 
 jordanpolizzi Feel free to share that suggestion here: -Shann
I hate going into Walmart alone. Creepy ass niggas
New post: Walmart: Moneymaker Frigo Cheese Stick Deal and  0.72 Kidfresh Meal  coupon
Walmart crazy sailing jordans for  379 . you know what I can do with  379?
Some Scalper boosted Walmart's Splatoon amiibo while playing their Wii U
One of my favorite things is Walmart's  5 movie bin🎬
 walmartcard+saveoncard  double points  WALMART
+ petropoints = walmartsavonbcaapetropoints points add up for my ferry tickets and bcaa mem.
Want to go to Walmart and mess with the employees then eat at AppleBees and mess with the customers like the good ol' days. 
W Madison & Tay
 ProFamilyIL  jas5932  onenewsnowcom  boycottTarget and ESPECIALLY 4Christmas n holiday shopping. Go 2  Walmart or small businesses, hit Tar
How WalMart going to sell Raising Canes gift cards and the nearest one is over 100 miles away? 
 kaylebryn_  same with walmart and it smells so nice
 Nessonett2184  Walmart better hope they don't cancel. I thought I got it last week and they cancelled my order
I don't get into the holiday spirit until Santa clause starts begging outside Walmart..jus ain't real until then so… 
 bethesda Too bad that mini-fridge will only hold about a six pack. :-/ Can get a bigger mini-fridge from Walmart for cheaper.
- so you like bad boys
- yea 
- well, im bot tryna impress you but at Walmart I enter throught the exit
WHOA! Step2 Real Projects Workshop and Tool Bench ONLY  45.99 (Reg. ... -  couponers  couponing  couponingcommunity
I've been needing to go to Walmart the past 3 nights, and I still haven't gone😂😂😂😂
 ShadTheDon na boy that is for games, walmart got games at 27 us loll
You Wont Believe This Walmart Surveillance Camera Footage 
bought the first hamburger seasoning he saw at walmart smh 
I liked a  YouTube video from  bluespookyreads 3 True Creepy Walmart Stories
 _PrinceDerrick Thanks for reaching out, Derrick. We'd like to hear more. Share details with us at -Brian
 Walmart  89DriverXBigD I got one too! Mine will arrive at my door dec 1st!
 29.96  
Was  49.99
Save  20.03
Hamilton Beach Toastation 2-in-1 2-Slice Toaster & Oven,  
 alwaysatTarget !!!       Target !!   (That is, of course,  you'd rather support  Walmart )   LOL  !!!
someone mistakenly signed up for walmart account with my email today and ordered a tea set for themselves
 Dustykile just got a 12 pack from Walmart for  1.64
White people so smart when it comes to stealing at Walmart. I just be watching in amazement
Shout out to  Target for having appropriate length receipts as compared to walmart that prints off an 8 page essay for a bag of chicken nugs
Console Sony Playstation 1TB Uncharted 4 Edition... Apenas R 2889.45 Acesse  game  top… 
So worth the craziness of Walmart today!  Christmas  custard  delicious  lovethisstuff 
Juicy Juice Splashers, Only  0.34 at Walmart! 
I HATE FUCKING WALMART
Walmart's catch phrase for their Black Friday sale is 
"get it up for Black Friday"
Someone was playing a harmonica outside of WalMart todat
"Great white shark spotted off the coast"

That's where sharks live. Why don't you get back to me if one's spotted in Walmart.
Me trying to pay for tacos at Bakersfield: "can I pay with a Walmart gift card??"
Aight idiots there's a reason there's a stop sign at Walmart people exiting traffic have the right of way.
 Walmart is the most cancerous business that exist in today's society.
*Walmart parking lot*
Mom:watch out these people don't stop
Me:let them hit me
Mom:it probably won't feel too nice
Me:but that money will
The fact that I just blew  85 in Walmart on hair & skin products...
 Chappymw Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Vacation in Bakersfield means after  we go run errands like the grocery store & Walmart, i get to lay on the recliner & take a nap!  home
 walmart cancelled my CONFIRMED! NES Classic Order IN ERROR. Refuse to restore my order, "Try Again". Wlll be buying from  Amazon from now.
 Walmart got an order ship to store but am I able to change it to a different store for pick up instead? Selected wrong store!
 alyssaspires  SRaeee Just come. I need to go to Walmart & I know you do too
This highschool girl at Walmart had a team rocket backpack on and it gives me hope for the future :')
 Walmart  89DriverXBigD There's no way it's not bots. I was hitting process and it got removed from my cart.
Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place via  Verge
Stock Up & Save Big with OREO at Walmart via  g_kohls
Drive by only gets a  1 while shopping   Walmart gets u  450? Who comes up w/ this shit lol 🐻 
2 hours & one more day before the week is over can't wait. I miss my family I miss my best friend I miss Walmart bc the Walmarts here suck
Spent about  280 at Walmart today. Mom asked me what I got, and I could only tell her 5 things. Where'd my money go?!🙃
Teach My Kits Online  Walmart  shopnow 
So this elder lady bumped into me at Walmart and said "Beep beep, beep beep, sorry youngin'." I hope I'm that funny when I'm 70.
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holddays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots =qHell
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART 😜😜😂😂😆😆😮😮 
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart

via  BreitbartNews
Only in the South do you make it a point to visit the new  Walmart in your hometown.  Byram
 Walmart  IA_MN_Fan Total BS excuse. Shameful. Way to design the checkout process so that normal everyday people are getting screwed by bots
 Anais2_2 Walmart
I went to Walmart to buy lashes but they didn't have the kind I wanted so I bought chocolate instead 

why am I like this
Review On My Life as Doll Line Cat Hat!  hat  cat  cathat  youtube  dolls  mylifeas  walmart  review  agdoll  
 Walmart toilet seat cover, and multiple toilets needed flushing. That bathroom obviously needs more frequent cleaning.
 saber6gulf Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I really hate Walmart...
Am I the only one who hates going to Walmart alone?
 Therealheidy I'm sure there are some in Walmart for like  6
Over by Walmart and Walgreens it's snowing Black Crows
But I dont feel like cooking or going to Walmart soooo there's that lol
Dollar Tree and Walmart haul :): via  YouTube
Walking through Walmart trying to find valori is the worst 🙄  vaalmcpherson
 shanedawson u are the reason I'm never going to a Walmart or A Toys R Us ever again!  loveyouandyourvideos
Sexy Granny at Walmart 
News 【】 
 39.98 
Was  68.00
Save  28.02
Pokemon Big Pikachu Twin/Full Bedding Comforter Set 
 JackJ  RoastJohnson wtf no wonder you are third wheeling so hard it's cause you look like a Walmart version of Har… 
*sees someone I knew in High School at Walmart...

Reaction: 
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holibays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hdll
 Walmart cleans restroom wasn't in but he'd take care of it. One stall was missing door, handicapped stall toilet seat was covered in cont.
there are 4 whole black people in this entire walmart
 89DriverXBigD No bots, here! The shortage truly is the result of high traffic. WTG on landing one! -Brian
 4wrestling I pulled one on Walmart today.
 FatNuts8  Walmart exactly!
First, we take the Whole Foods, and then the Walmart... we'll end turkey hate crimes.
 Walmart  IA_MN_Fan I filled out my billing and shipping info in under 20 seconds and it said sold out. You have to allow more time.
. Walmart I need help changing a shipping address. Phone/Online support says its not possible. Order is still processing.
 KenJH2 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
in mcalester at this walmart and these white folks looking at me like "black person?" 
I'm riding to Walmart with my mom just so I can put shit that I want in her cart
 mainlinetheatre Walmart has a bunch!
Meaning, walmart charging more in the hood then the suburbs smh.
 Walmart cont. another employee approach. I don't know if he came in response 2 my switch. I told him problem. He said person who cont.
So Walmart in Camillus sells alcohol now???
Very frustrating,  Walmart - get  NESClassic in my cart at 5PM straight up. Immediately go to chk out & you're out of stock. Bots taken over
WALMART CALLED ME BoeingCK TOT
 Walmart  IA_MN_Fan sorry but that is BS! Click process order less than 30 seconds after the on sale and get a "oops sold out" message? Plz.
Walmart over here charging more per lb for a turkey in locations of low socioeconomic status and less in affluent areas! 😤
 THEREALRTU which means a third party was selling it through Walmart and Walmart takes a commission. It is sort of like Amazon or eBay
 timothywelbeck yes. I loved it! When I was in undergrad...used to wait until midnight to hit Walmart for chicken. They would give it away
 Walmart I didn't as I was in a rush 2 leave. I told layaway desk employee & she told me 2 flip switch 2 ask 4 service. Then I saw cont.
 Hooray!
 Boycotts are actually working:
 WalMart
 SamsClub
 Target
 Hamilton
 Starbucks
Thanks,  RosalindBrewer
 Ya_Broke_Boy mine didn't make it to Walmart though 💁🏻
chanel vs walmart 
 bsteff81 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Laptop Intel Core i5 6GB RAM 1 TB Dell Inspiron 14-3459 a  7,999


 shanedawson I GO TO THAT WALMART ON A DAILY BoeingSIS SHANE YOU'VE GOT ME FUCKED UP
There's a kid that's been screaming in Walmart for 10 minutes.. and my mom wonders why I don't want children
 Walmart  thenixiepixie same here.. no one would take it out of my cart in store cuz i was too slow taking my wallet out of my pocket.
 shanedawson SHANE I GO TO THAT WALMART AND I'M CRYING CAUSE I COULD HAVE MET YOU
Fuck Walmart and the dumbass people that come in here
 meredithshawty must have been the ghetto Walmart
I've gone to walmart like 3 times for one specific thing and forget it every damn time🙃
I have to go to Walmart but I do not want to dress nice
Walmart and Target are in serious trouble over their aloe vera products. 
 jtrxo_ Please share some details with us so we can try to help. -Shann
 Walmart  IA_MN_Fan It's automated bots buying all the inventory. This is a big flub. I hit process and it took it out of my cart.
3 for  8 chips at walmart😊 lovin life right now  hayley_macey 
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂he's hilarious.   Walmart Cleveland - Brookpark Rd 
Saw like 5 people I knew at Walmart today and dodged every single one of them. I'm practically a ninja. 
 Walmart instead of doing another flash sale how about you sell those to these orders you cancelled? Terrible customer service
Black Friday Shoppers Lives Matter!!  BlackFriday  shopping  Bestbuy  Target  Walmart   NoFighting  Madness  CrazyPeople  Thanksgiving
30 Items to Avoid at Wal-Mart  stayconnected
Walmart rolls out  CyberWeek deals, starting  BlackFriday -- see all the can't-miss sales 
Juicy Juice Splashers, Only  0.34 at Walmart!  debtconsolidation 
 AustinMahone jamming to Way Up on the way home from WalMart 😎
Chanel vs. Walmart  BigBrother  BBOTT 
 Walmart hawking for overpriced resellers? How is this bullshit okay? 
 ShayPTPL convinced me during the live stream that I need to try this. It's cheaper at Walmart btw  PTPLBand 
They sell these at walmart for less than  10 you're welcome 
 Walmart it's unacceptable to allow your customers to check out. And now what? We are the end of the line again?
 DKo5 every day at 2pm PST
 Bwisen  jordanquint I do plan on picking it up. I was at Walmart the other day and checked, they were all sold out.
 IA_MN_Fan Sorry, Jay! NES sells fast, inventory in the cart will update if you are not checked out in time before the next sale. -Brian
 LornaLaFond Here they are at Walmart 
 shazza59  mektastic Agreed. I'm a bad liberal because I have no problem shopping at WalMart. I know they're horrible, but they are cheap.
I ran into a pretty girl at Walmart. Almost knocked her over. It was great! Caused her to have to interact with me
Y'all know I move around when folks sleep. 

Be in Walmart at 3am.
 NintendoAmerica  Walmart is allowing your customers to be scammed by price gouging scalpers. They sell to them first to make larger profit.
I'm going to be making this Baklava  recipe for the  holiday.  ad  baklava... by  DiscoverSelf via  c0nvey
 Walmart  it's understandable to have limited quantities but I fairly and timely placed this order and YOU canceled… 
So, never joke with an unstable bible thumper that "I only love God when the spread is covered." Almost fought at walmart.  cleanupaisle3
Dying Of Starvation || My Trip To Walmart

Subscribe to my new channel 
 Walmart  joelbeezie You're lucky. Mine was taken out of my cart right as I hit process order!
 449.00 
Xbox One S 2TB Gears of War 4 Limited Edition (Xbox One) 
 IamKingDavo Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Walmart sucks
I hate when I go to places like VS, Walmart, target, etc to return something to get   but end up spending twice as much when I leave 😅
Thanks  Walmart for considering a mini fridge a seasonal item.  sarcasm  YouSuck
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? SLEEP BETTER
My mom learned that I used to steal toys from Walmart, so she took all my toys and gave them back to me as Christmas gifts later that year
At this rate in my career the only TV special I'm going to get is Friday at the Walmart
 comedy
Your wish is  Walmart's command in our new commercial for their in-store pick-up service, perfect for the holidays!… 
 Walmart where can I see Black Friday deals? Like third time asking.
Walmart is about to be a life saver.
Wtf my Walmart has some cute ass security guards.
 Walmart  thenixiepixie It's because automated bots are allowed to buy up inventory!
 Ya_Broke_Boy my blanket aint at Walmart bitch
 ChanelVsWalmart guess I'm shopping at Walmart
HOLLA!!!! I will not be returning to Walmart for Thanksgiving related things.... I did it (twice today actually) and I am DONE!!! Time to g…
 PhenomBlak Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Dying Of Starvation || My Trip To Walmart 
 CBSDFW  GilmaAvalos Thank you for posting this i was just on my to Walmart.
look what's at walmart‼️‼️ 
Walmart is like super packed my nigga
 8bitbojackson  snicklefritz35 ::clears throat:: hilljacks blah blah camp out for basketball practice lol lol racist &c &c walmart wildcat
I tried to go to the DMV and ended up at Walmart instead 
Future kid: hey mom what did you and your friends do when you were a teen
Me: get stoned and play in walmart
 Walmart  yeswecouponinc the NES Classic promo was a joke.  Had it in cart and checked out and it disappeared.
Blockchain technology continues to pop up in business applications. 
Goodness Walmart and Kroger is ridiculous. Glad we got everything for thanksgiving already. Tmrw will be worse
There's this tree I want at Walmart and i have enough for it but im thinking should I save my money for more... 
Haunted Walmart and toys r us 😍😍😍😍😍
Series 3000 Nosetrimr, WalMart 6 mo-1 year ago.  Won't work.  Battery good.  Warranty: 2 years-you fix.  Where send it?
gucci vs walmart 
New video: Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Non-Profit While Shopping In Walmart -  XaniaTube
I got cute pikachu slippers at Walmart the other day! 
 wake911 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Walmart have a 55 inch smart Tv for  298...
 Walmart doesn't have receipt lookup for returns. My store doesn't allow no-receipt returns > 25. Why not?  lostreceipt  irritating
 Walmart welp!  Well at least I was able to get to the credit card screen before the  nesclassicedition sold out on me.  Progress....😒
...I'm nice but my face says otherwise at the moment. I'm in Walmart.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hartford, WI 
" I couldn't find the movie called Netflix at Walmart, my boss told me to watch Netflix" -- Momma Antic
Spoil them with Croissant French Toast for  breakfast  ad  frenchtoast... by  wifeeclectic via  c0nvey
 Ed_U0205  Nintendo  Walmart Same here
 joelbeezie With NES being in high demand, you hit the jackpot! 🎮Enjoy! -Brian
why you buy your battleships from walmart? huh? why?
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart via  BreitbartNews One of the good guys.
Idk why anyone would buy produce from Walmart. They have the worst vegetables you can choose from
Wth caught  Walmart's nes classic edition flash sale and was able to put one in my cart but when I hit check out it said it was unavailable
I'm bout to walk into Walmart & buy this nigga a pack of old spice
lol I hate Walmart
Now this is a nice donation for  TheFoodBankMO and  PartnershipAgainstHunger and you still have until 6pm to donate… 
I'm staring at snacks at Walmart and I have no clue why 😂😂
Get those pre-washed greens from Walmart and wash them again cause ain't nobody got time for you to be missing bugs n'shit.
Find your  Earth_Balance favorites at  Walmart and enter to  win a  500  giftcard to  GoPlantMade!  giveaway 
 JimRett  Walmart EXACTLY 😳 smh
Only in walmart do u get to watch a lady in a "spread good vibes" sweater call a slow walking old guy a "stupid jackass" under her breath
on my way to walmart and i look in the back seat and both of my kids are asleep🙄 back home it is!!😒
you know you live in Ephraim when you over hear someone say "oh my heck i love walmart"
Pulled into Walmart and the truck that picked up the kitty was there, too! Pretty little kitten with blue eyes! 😍
WHY doesn't every Walmart sell the same thing? Why does this Walmart sell every type of Pillsbury cookie dough except for the one I need?
 KimCummms wife and i went to super walmart and saw them in the freezer section. just put them on a cookie sheet and in the oven few minutes
Walmart auto center is always interesting.
 Walmart  thenixiepixie where can I see walmarts Black Friday deals?
I take chicks out on dates based on how they living..if she got a good job we could go wherever u want, u work   Walmart?? Dollar menu!
Can't stand coming to Walmart with my nana she always popping off on somebody
Compras (at  Walmart in Hanover, MD) 
I've seen better "designs" than Sophie Theallet's hanging on racks in Walmart and Dollar General Stores! 
To the girl in front of me at the walmart checkout wearing a "Satan's My Fucking Co-pilot" shirt: chex mix sucks, reevaluate.
Y'all going to Walmart Thursday to get a iPhone 5s for 99  I am
watch out for the bait and switch with  Walmart  don't try and order items on The CS is run by the People of Walmart
You just the Walmart version of Gilinsky  RoastJohnson
 DeuceBaseman Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
In the spirit of giving, we want to thank one of our FB followers with a  25  Walmart gift card! More details:… 
Top 3 reasons why you should buy retail at your salon rather than Ulta, Walmart or even online… 
PS4 TO YOUR DOOR!  
  ThinkStaples  Walmart  Staples  Playstations  Cdnmuni  BlackFriday
I feel like I should be paid every time someone mentions a fight at the Beech Grove Walmart. No?
Man  NintendoAmerica so bummed..had it in my Walmart cart and then I entered my card info and it was gone by the time I hit submit..
 Walmart Thx! I wrote them, but haven't heard back from them. I think you guys can help me, though!
This crap is all at Walmart HAAAHAA for  10 What a joke! Morons 
 Walmart will there be more available for Black Friday?
Look: From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to track food 
my momma in walmart & she said "i'm gettin outta here it's a zoo" 😭
In Walmart & Rihanna's work is playing LOL  Memphis
 Blockchain - From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food
 Walmart so u cancel a customers order without their knowledge post-purchase & are selling the product u forcibly c… 
 marmaran Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 SyndethiaNicole you already kno after I hit Walmart ima be on cle lookin for you and Nika might try to slide down there tomorrow too
 DRdevon we're sold out at Walmart. Only have sun
I can't wait to bake these  pioneerwoman's Gingerbread Cookies  ad  recipe  cookies… 
WHAT FUCKING WALMART IS THIS???? 👀👀👀👀 
 thenixiepixie Sorry Emmy! NES sells fast, inventory in the cart will update if you are not checked out in time before the next sale. -Brian
 CountyofLA Firefighters  ToysforTots visit  Walmart for  ABC7 Spark of Love Toy Drive!  WalmartGiving 
This man followed me around walmart trying to talk to me 🙄
 JimRett  Walmart they wont help just say keep checking back
 goosey91_ at Walmart I could understand someone saying this, but at target? They have a Starbucks for Pete sakes!!😐
Since when  Walmart start locking up their energy drink. This is too funny.  WTF 
Dude this is at Walmart for  20 are you kidding me HAAAHAA. This is why you guys are on food stamps and wear this c… 
I'm in Walmart and some little boy just walked up to me & gave me a hug
Some PLEASE come to Walmart and run me over. 11 o'clock can't get here sooner.
 DAVEKUSH Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
We'd never say no to a pick-me-up. Read  cjhallman's A FAREWELL TO WALMART, a Kindle Single, out today! 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Chicago, IL 
This Wednesday afternoon 1pm- we will meet at Chick fil a for lunch- the one by Walmart. 

No youth group this... 
 j_blew i need to go buy one like right now. i wonder do walmart have em? 🤔🤔 maybe best buy.
 EducatedVillan dude i honestly think its because of me buying makeup and wasting my money at walmart on more makeup and food.... and pizza
 Walmart all is forgiven. I was able to purchase a  nesclassic today through the flash sale!
 Walmart If I add something to my cart, how do you let it sell out within 30 seconds of me signing in?
 CruzTreihart Walmart is only limiting 1 per customer now
Hey  Walmart , your definition of "in your cart" is much different than mine.
Walmart be so wrong for these lines 🙄
What Walmart has 3 floors omg and that's not even a big area in California I'm
Have a Minion watch over your stuff! Get Stuart Cam HD WiFi Camera today - exclusively at Walmart.  minions… 
It is so disrespectful to have customers wait in line while employees talk. It the holidays open up the lines!    Walmart
 Pattric idk...Walmart open at 6 and niggas be fast. 🤔
How am I supposed to make bomb ass guac if they don't have avocados at Walmart?
MRW I successfully place an order for a  NESClassicEdition from Walmart when they were in stock for mere seconds to… 
 Walmart just got all the way through the checkout process for an NES all to be told they were gone when I clicked place order 😡😡😡  pissed
 Walmart your flash sales are rad
Nothing puts me in the holiday spirit like watching people kill each other while shopping at Walmart. Tis the season!  blackfriday
 Deals  VideoGames  Consoles New Nintendo NES Classic Edition Console 30 Games 2016 Hot Item. From Walmart.
NES Classic System Impressions check it out on  walmart.com
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dover, DE 
 OhNoSheTwitnt hell I just went to Walmart and it looked like Berlin 1943
 Walmart it was for the NES classic which is now sold out how can you help me now ???
 NintendoAmerica how about letting other retailers besides walmart have nes stock
 roastjohnson channel vs. walmart 
I'm the guy that you'll see playing the video games at Walmart and Best Buy. What of it?
LIVE on  Periscope: Walmart boys 
 jttidmore101 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I BEAT THE BOTS and scored an NES Classic from walmart online. BOOM! 👊🏼
willow called me a Walmart Moana lookin' ass 😂💀
Walmart got the OVO 10s if y'all interested 
Needing  relieffromthefeast during the holidays? Walmart has all your digestive health needs!   tametummytrouble  ad
 CaptonObveous will do.  DamagedRosez says it's been found for  27 at Walmart, but I don't know if it's Xbox or PS.
All these managers was chasing this man outta Walmart and he still got away with 2 computers 😂 nigga hoped on a moped  😭😭💀
Can't wait to get all this family time out of the way so we can get to the buying shit we don't need. Am I right  Target  Walmart  Macys ?
Finally snagged an  NESclassic at MSRP from  Walmart.  huzzah 
 JimRett Our Support Team can assist with placing the order. Choose a topic at to get connected for help. -Brian
I dislike walmart
 ad Maximize your savings on  Oreo cookies at  Walmart by this offer➡ &... by  ClarksCondensed via  c0nvey
Gucci V.S. Walmart  RoastJohnson  JackJ 
 nowonderland I might but I gotta see how much imma make from Walmart Friday on the computer .. cause i gotta pay my phone 😩
No evidence of actual aloe in "aloe vera gel" from  Walmart , CVS, and  Target  CVS_Extra  CVSHealth
Guess I'm having a good hair day because someone at Walmart and someone at the gas station complimented it lmao
Check out for LIVE promotions on Cyber Monday from 9am-1pm EST!
 Walmart has your Black Friday sale began?
 ChrisPirillo Great! As long as Walmart don't cancel order I will mail as soon as it arrives. Says by Dec 1st. Hope u all enjoy! No   needed
 MarchesiJohn Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
In  Walmart I tried to talk to Manager Tim Wilson they wouldn't even let me talk to him.  races  rude 1607 west Bethany home Phoenix Arizona
walking in Walmart makes me want to do Christmas shopping right now 😩
Almost forgot my grandpa at walmart 🙃
2016 TOPPS  DavidPrice RED SOX HOLIDAY WALMART SNOWFLAKE PARALLEL GU RELIC SP  MLB  Picher 
 timberland would be selling boots out of  Walmart if it wasn't for blacks making it a fashion statement.
Watch out for Walmart Deer 
Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian 
I'm never going to forget when some guy texted me thinking I was actually hitting a bong in the Walmart clearance s… 
Amazon Aims For Double-Digit Christmas Growth While Walmart And Target Hope For Flat Sales 
 dasbatsy ok, just-- one more time? You see, I've got tinnitus and your voice is so low. You know what, nevermind. I can get this at walmart
 dtexschmeidler update: I'm not addicted to meth but I found a container of medical marijuana. These damn kids at Walmart.
 ryannnturner  AJStylesOrg wish they'd use a better quality shirt though. my WWE stuff feels like I'm wearing a Walmart tshirt and I hate it
 EducatedVillan i like bought food, went to the doctors, bought shit at walmart, bought bae dinner, and i dont even know
Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food | Ars Technica 
 3Novices : Is Black Friday The Best Day To Meet Your Worst Customers? IMAGE DISTRIBUTED FOR WALMART - (Photo by G…
en walmart
Grab Digestive remedies before the  holiday meals  ad 
The room with the view is now on sale  45.00 
Walmart Reveals Cyber Week Deals Starting On Black Friday To Counter Amazon's 35 Days Of Deals… 
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Non-Profit While Shopping In Walmart 
Nothing says "I'm gonna steal something" like walking into a Walmart with a trench coat and xl sunglasses.
 peopleofwalmart
You can get guns in Walmart What the fuck. 
i spaced out in walmart and next thing i know i'm at home with groceries. other me didnt even remember the poptarts
Might of messed around and scooped me a NES Classic..Walmart please don’t let me down
 Ed_U0205 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 PhenomBlak  Walmart amazing. Had that happen  amazon too. I'm not buying it online. Seems really shady stuff right now w the console.
Wow... was able to order the NES Classic off Walmart. Merry Christmas to me!
Same turkeys, significantly different prices at North Texas Walmarts.  Walmart says it's looking into it.… 
On Friday afternoon you weird aunt will undoubtedly post an unrealistic link on Facebook about dozens of people dying at a Walmart in Kansas
Nintendo Classic! Order confirmed.  Thank you  Walmart (and my fast fingers)
 Walmart  NintendoAmerica Not a bot. Not reselling for hundreds. Just wanted to buy one for our house and I got the shut out. Any help?
Get Pumped! Black Friday Is Coming... No need to get trampled at Walmart for huge savings t… 
 ad It ain't  TacoTuesday without these: 
Why do people walk into high end luxury stores expecting a crazy ass discount … like please move you not gettin a Walmart markdown  brokeass
I got one Finally!! Unbelievable!!  nesmini  Walmart 
 Walmart looking for night clearners at  Vancouver__jobs locations
I had NES in my cart went to pay and it disappeared, what's the deal with that  Walmart?  Why let me add it and then take it away?
Nothing worse then going to Walmart
 Walmart Put item in cart online. Filled out all information. Item arrives by Dec 5. Went to finish order. ITEM UNAVAILABLE. Annoyed.
thank you  Walmart I was finally able to get my Nintendo Mini today!  I now like you all again :)
A middle-aged lady approaches me in Walmart today in Lawton: 
"You're very brave for coming here alone."
Need a ride to Walmart.
NES Classic ordering tip for walmart. Keep in cart. When more are released refresh your cart screen. Save ur ship and cc info to profile....
 nvyoung  Walmart tbey pulled the same on.me got to that point and has happened everyday of their flash sale. they wont take responsibility
 Walmart. What a joke and a gimmick! Save your apologies. I won't shop here again on principle alone. NES taken right out of my cart!!!
someone left this note at walmart and i'll probably cry 
Just ran into Mr Grant at Walmart while baked. Life is good
 ScottTLittleton Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I've been in the Walmart parking lot for 20minutes on Twitter...and I just realized it lol
Is Black Friday The Best Day To Meet Your Worst Customers? IMAGE DISTRIBUTED FOR WALMART -… 
steals cookies from walmart
kbye
I used smoke a blunt behind walmart during my break and contemplate how my life wouldve been if i had decided to be a pornstar
SCORE! My Nintendo order from Walmart went through!👏🏼🙌🏼💪🏼
They came today!  2.49 each from Walmart, not too shabby. 
Managed to place an order for  NESClassicConsole during the minute-long window of availability on Walmart just now! Merry Xmas, Lucas! 🎅🏻🌲🎁
You know what season it is! Go grab a jar and be the most liked person at the tailgate! Sold at  Walmart and  kroger 
And the NES Classic Sold Out again at Walmart in under a Minute. See Screenshots  NES  
 CamoCandace  mikedoc1311954  jcpenney  Walmart If people weren't willing to shop on that day they wouldn't open their doors.
So confused...my job title is changing but I'm still doing everything that I already do? WalMart logic is dumb.
 EricCrain  dominos Nothing more tilting than a screwed up order. My regrets. Order from  Walmart like  TheSeigeDFS
Way ahead of you on that. Just thanking God we're out of there :-/ 
 ZabrenaXO check out the Flower Cosmetics Flowerful gift sets at Walmart! Here's one. Great prices!! 
am i desperate enough to run to walmart for red velvet ben & jerrys even though they wont have it 🤔
Got that Nintendo Nes Classic!  Thank you  Walmart ✊
I feel like I dress nice for everything but school. Like "school today" "okay pjs" but "let's go to Walmart" "wait let me put on some jeans"
 jttidmore101  Walmart it's ridiculous
first day at Walmart. 😅
Took Shaud to Cici , The Mall Now Walmart and Home finally 😴
cannot believe lunchables are 1.68 at walmart. 68 cents too many
 Walmart turning  CyberMonday into  CyberWeek  .. 😎✌️  immersiveyouth 😛
 Walmart had it already in cart today hit checkout as soon as they were in Stock and  sold out quicker than checkout takes. 10 seconds
. Walmart this is absolutely ridiculous 
 LACo_FD & Burbank  firefighters  at  BurbankCA  Walmart gathering toys for  ABC7 Spark of Love  WalmartGiving 
Black Friday 2016: The best Xbox deals from Best Buy, Walmart, GameStop and more 
 Walmart on black Friday I'm just going to take shit out of people's carts since they didn't pay for it first. Thanks for nothing, dicks.
What is the difference 🤔🤔I'm going crazy here😓   Walmart   theyarethesame  conspiracy 
 Top  Toys Walmart Exclusive  IronMan 2  Kids  Toy 
 Nice  Toys TITAN  Hero 20" action  Figure  CaptainAmerica Walmart Exclusive  Kids  Toy 
Team skull grunt happening thanks to Walmart (painting the shoes) 
Gotta love Walmart! You're allowed to act as weird as you can😂 dancin like a bugs in my pants & top it off with a Micheal Jackson pose! Owe!
I just saw Mrs. Eckel in Walmart & we talked about her pretty pups. It's good to be home. :-)
30 best Black Friday deals we've found - Indianapolis Star 
 Walmart literally has 2 lines open. Are you serious?!
 UnknownNeo Walmart is trash. Even if you ignore how awful they treat the employees, the stores are always a mess and disgusting.
 PeterHANNNNNNa  Ieansquad "I'm thankful for Walmart, they did a bang up job."
 Walmart may I make a suggestion, if there are only 5 of a hot item for sale- send it to a store.  Price gouging insane
 Walmart Until you get this under control  boycottwalmart
All the arabs come out at night to go to Walmart I swear
 JoeyGaeta  Walmart you all have to do something to keep bots out. Unless you are profiting from that market also.
 Walmart you really need to add Captcha to your site, since computer bots bought all the Nes consoles again. No limits on quantity either.
 Walmart  why do I need to be signed &credit card & store for pick up if when I click add to cart for NES and you have me fill it out again?
 AngelEinstein7 Very sorry for any delays at the register. Please note the store location that you shopped at. Thank you -Brian
Grab  NatureMadeAtWalmart vitamins and supplements! Enter for a chance to win:  SweepsEntry (No Purchase Necessary)
Hey  Walmart what the hell! Attempted to be the nes classic, had it in my cart, attempted to check out and poof! Sold out! What happened???
I COULDVE MET Shane Dawson I HATE MYSELF WHY DIDNT I GO TO WALMART
Yes! Everyone go to Target! Don't go anywhere else like WalMart. Go to Target! 
Merry early Christmas to me! Finally ordered my Nintendo classic, been waiting patiently thru  Walmart and got in!
 Walmart thanks third strike on trying to get a nes classic. Your APP crashes every time I have tried to check out. 
 IamKingDavo  Walmart not alone I literally got to the place order button in under a minute and it told me they were sold out
No  aloe found in  AloeVera gels from  Target,  CVS, and  Walmart after investigation by Bloomberg News —… 
 Walmart Price gouging is wrong and you have the power to cut off any 3rd party sellers that are ruining your Black Friday profits.
Deputies: Teen took cold medicine, tried robbing Walmart - News 10NBC 
 dpgriffin7 especially the parents who decide to go shopping with their children at midnight in fredonia Walmart
 jazzyfizzle819 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Walmart grocery literally puts EVERY item in it's own bag. Way to conserve.....
I liked a  YouTube video from  aldoworld (CREEPY!) 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT WALMART FORT ⏰ | CHASED BY SCARY
I got a NES mini! I can't believe it, but I have to pick it up at Walmart. I beat those  bots.  No controller😔.   NINTENDOAMERICA  WALMART
These are great to stock up on during  HolidayMeals--   Turkey  Foodie  ad 
Johnson do still buy from Walmart? Because there having a good deal and some of the outfits are in your size… 
[ 29.97] Thomas & Friends MINIS Advent Calendar  29.97   Walmart.ca 
 Walmart plans on focusing on  cyberMonday to improve holiday sales.  


I feel like people that watch videos on anything other than pornhub are heathens... like you walmart type people...
The Walmart On 86th Is Soo Ghetto 🙄
Black Friday 2016: Walmart Gaming Deals Guide  gaming  news  mobile
I swear I thought that was a cheetah print vest from Walmart lmfaoooooo the little granimals shits 😭
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food  -  bitcoin
Walmart Black Friday 2016! 
that space in every Walmart where all of the shopping carts and the claw grabber games are is what I imagine the gates of heaven look like
Interesting that fraudulent activity with debit cards, Credit cards or stolen checks alway "flow" through  Walmart 🤔  cmonsam
 ItsPorter u spelled Walmart wrong
Introducing the  HelloKitty and friends dollhouse! Find yours today, at your local  Walmart store:… 
Has any other celebrity ever gone to a Walmart 
 kelledicaprio u sound like a real walmart employee
I liked a  YouTube video from  backpocketgames Why I hate Walmart
Wow i love it when walmart orders me the generic brand of my pill when my prescription specifically says name brand only!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Got it!!!! Few ppl know about Walmart restock today :)  NESmini  NES Nes Walmart 
 UnkleSilkk Bought that shit 50% off at Walmart when Noles won in 13
 WalmartCanada wish us Canadians got the same treatment as  Walmart customers re: NES Classic sales at 5pm EST
 IamKingDavo  Walmart happened to me too but i clicked place order 😑
Dollar Tree & Walmart haul via  YouTube
The managers and workers are very rude in  Walmart on 1607 west Bethany home Phoenix Arizona 85015
me: goes to Walmart to buy hairspray 

me: leaves with hairspray, a bathbomb, food, a book, and a huge worry about my bank account
Now playing I Found Jesus At Walmart by Burress Family!
 to listen
Bought a  12 pair of fuzzy slippers   Walmart and that's all I wear to work now 😂😂
I get to the place order page, and  Walmart says it's out of stock.  Looking more likely I'll be asking for a  300… 
 DaniKuzi4 well do you expect much more from Walmart
 Walmart nothing like getting the NES in your cart and go to check out and process order only to see it's sold out. How dumb
 i4unews actually saw the elusive nes at Walmart pricing lol but when I clicked add to cart, sorry, it's already out of stock.
Got the Nintendo NES !! Thanks Walmart ! Finally
 RTAServiceAlert Line  65 Read-Crowder Express is experiencing a temporary delay at Walmart on Bullard due to mechanical issues
 Walmart I want to hear from management about this debacle
 Walmart I had the Nes Classic in my cart and then it changed to no stock what the heck!!!
No se dice Walmart se dice "Wolmart"
So  Walmart you're telling me I can show up on  blackfriday and take the  NESmini out of someone's cart while they'… 
Lol where are they gonna go  Walmart ? Where they also employ LGBTQ and many diverse groups... 😂 
"WALMART DOES A BoeingNG UP JOB" I LOVE THIS VIDEO 
 Walmart Hi Walmart, can you sue someone for misinforming 100,000 that Walmart are ripping off customers? I know someone who did this.
 Walmart. This is crazy! NES consule in my cart & checking out and then it is removed. You can't do that! I have the screenshot to escalate!
Sick Time Petition at N. Miami Walmart  walmartstrikers  sickhappens  OURwmt 
 Walmart get all the way to place order just for it to say not in stock. If it's in my cart I should be allowed to buy it. You are garbage
 Walmart If I have the  nintendomini in my cart and I am paying how can it be out of stock? You need to cut off the bots and scalpers!  BS
 Walmart needs a to do something about the bots buying the nes. What a joke!
 Walmart had the NES classic in my cart at 5, got to the place order screen.  I clicked place order I got an out of stock msg. FIx your shit
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food -  BTC  finance  fintech  crypto
 Ed_U0205  Nintendo  Walmart this bot crap it outrageous
MY WALMART IS HAUNTED DKSBWK I CANT BELIEVE I WAS GONNA GO YESTERDAY AHHH 
I had an NES Classic in my Walmart online cart, I added two more items, then the NES  got sold out...
Sorry WalMart, you lost that order!
 DownBoundSoul  Walmart i had mine.in cart.from before hot checkout already had my info in hit finish and they took mine away
 JoyGrenade For questions regarding orders please contact our team here: -Shann
Walmart outsourced our jobs to Mexico, no thanks 🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷 
I had the NES Classic in my cart at WalMart, went through the checkout process, and then once I tried to finish, go… 
 CaitlinJurk Walmart!
Saw my tinder match at a Walmart 150 miles from where I live...
 Walmart The online flash sale of the Nintendo classic is a scam! Added to cart and checked out right away and placed order and out of stock
 jttidmore101  Nintendo  Walmart 4:00:05 for me and still got the error and then "out of stock"!!! Ughhhh!!!!
 Walmart this is the third time I try to get this item, add to cart then it's sold out.  If something is in my cart… 
Just found out that Vecto: Vengeance is for sale on Wal-Mart's website!  books  paperback  lightnovel  Walmart 
 Battlefield1  Battlefest  battlefield1hardcore  blackfriday  Walmart  Target  ToysRUs  FWW  History  35 and under!  
. Walmart's Plan for Worldwide E-Commerce Domination.  risnewsinsights 
 shanhara_ woulda thought Walmart was worldwide how bout target? We just got the first primark in America last year
 WALTMANLEE  Walmart same.
 Walmart hello I placed an order online and it is going to incorrect store, is if possible to change store or shipping method?
every time i visit walmart, i'm reminded of what the 9th circle of hell looks like
I want some more friends all I do is go to Walmart go to sonic go to school and talk to Donnie 😂😂😂
 joannexota Chanel vs Walmart 
Finally was able to order my NES Classic from  walmart.  We'll be cool again once it Arrives 😏
I got one of the nintendo's today from  Walmart.  Can't believe my order went through
I don't appreciate or understand how  Walmart has the NES classic edition n my cart & when I hit check out it disappears & says out of stock
 Walmart You sell them to the 3rd party first before we can get them so they sell at  490 and you get more for it. SCAM!
Holy smokes, my NES Classic Edition order actually went through at Walmart just now! 
Time to find an extension cord...
 tokyotiddies AND THERES A WENDYS NEAR THERE AND HE SAID THAT WALMART IS CLOSE FROM HIS HOUSE IK CRYING DJSBKW
Had a nintendo classic was checking out,  went to submit my payment info and  walmart let someone snatch it out of my cart during checkout.
Seconds in my cart and it was sold out :(  Walmart is letting  bots buy all the  nes  nintendo 
 trenthix is here from 4-6pm today and has your last chance to win a turkey from KXOX and Walmart sometime in his s… 
 Ed_U0205  Nintendo  Walmart it's happened to me too, for the third time.
Tune in to Walmart LIVE! on Cyber Monday for big savings and real-time demos.  walmartlive 
 MomuSue or Walmart... or Meijer...  lostseasoning
 Walmart yea, the corrupt telecheck system wouldn't allow it.
 Walmart best part is it STILL shows in my cart as actually in it. But go to checkout, and out of stock. Why is it still in my cart?
BITCHES SHANE DAWSON MADE A NEW VIDEO AND HE WENT TO THE WALMART I GO TO IN PANORAMA DJSONEOW GUYS
 Ed_U0205  Nintendo  Walmart you aren't alone I clicked place order a 4:01PM cst and it said sold out
 manicsocratic They were  500 via 3rd party sellers earlier, now  60 and out of stock via Walmart, so I was hoping.
 NintendoAmerica C’mon!I shouldn’t have to fight with bots & everyone in the world to get one of  Walmart 5  nesclassic - just mass produce!
 Walmart Thank you for limiting the Nintendo NES qtys to 1 per person.  After a week of trying I finally got one. :)
Get a great holiday  recipe & enter this  25 eGift Card from  Walmart  giveaway  christy41970 US/CAN ends 12/6 
For those who had a hard time getting a  NintendoAmerica  NESmini from  Walmart I placed my order quickly w/ no issues. Pays to have presets
If you think I haven't hit myself in the face with a walmart bag full of rocks from my backyard you are painfully mistaken
 annnieb13 Walmart. True story
Once again fuck you  Walmart and your online shopping experience
hoping Walmart pulls through with this NES. Seemed too easy......
Football aside... I just got a NES classic mini through a Walmart online flash sale. They sold out in 1 minute. 

Who's jealous?
Once again got the NES Classic in my cart all info entered then can't checkout... Walmart don't let people add to cart if unavailable
Finally got an NES Classic from Walmart! Clicked add to cart, said sold out, tried again 4 times, finally added, then sold out, then win!
i cant deal wit these ignorant ass ppl in walmart like gtf
 Walmart This only happened because you let "bots" buy up the inventory again. How sad. My local store should reserve 1 for me
damnation walmart! Its no fair to sell my NES classic out of my cart while I'm paying!
 Walmart  COME ON NOW PLEASE 
 Walmart are you serious? In the cart, paid for, confirmed shipping date and now out of stock?
 NintendoGate… 
labourstart: CHINA: 20,000 Walmart Workers in China Organize One of the Country’s Biggest Strikes Using WeChat 
Added a nes classic to my cart clicked place order at 4:01pm and it already sold out. Really  Walmart?
 Walmart I had the  NintendoAmerica Classic in my cart and clicked "complete order." How can it sell out when it wa… 
 WALTMANLEE Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart If I was in your store, could someone snatch that out of my cart while I open my wallet to pay?
I liked a  YouTube video from  erinpagliaro RANDOM TARGET, WALMART + AMAZON HAUL!
You see literally everyone at Walmart.
i saw a dog who ate crap at walmart and then i raping in the street lol
Friend & fellow Noachide Jon Voight Buys Turkeys for Stranger-ABC News - via  ABC
 shanhara_ lmao??? Y'all don't have Walmart
Finally got my my  nintendoNESmini preorder to go through! Thank you  Walmart ! FU scalpers!
 WhipSmartBanky Walmart isn't doing the 2pm thing this week, I thought.
 XRIM  MONEY : ConsumerAffairs : Black Friday sales begin today for Walmart … 
 rikkiraebaby I went to Walmart when I was in Reno, cheap and quick 👍🏻
 Bxdang_19 wise , walmart , giant , places at the mall
 Walmart  NintendoAmerica Should fix you system, once in a cart they have to complete the order!
 Walmart For the 4th time I was turned down after entering credit card info for the NES. When is the next time?
Walmart hates me. I hate Walmart. Walmart hates me. I hate Walmart.
 Walmart Pretty lousy feeling to think you've got something in your cart to purchase and then told you don't when y… 
That moment you get your in stock  Nintendo NES in your cart only to get an error then 'out of stock' when you try to pay! Not cool  Walmart
 shanedawson BITCCHHHH! I used to go to that Walmart and I hated going on the damn elevator. Also the bathrooms. Now I find out it's Haunted
 ImmaRedBone_ lol walmart will probably have you going into labor hell
" Walmart did a bang up of a job"
😂😂😂😂 
Got all the way to checkout and  walmart tells me the NES Classic is no longer in stock within a few seconds, what a sham!
 GhostAdventures you should totally investigate the haunted walmart in cali!!!!  3&4floor
 MarkyMillionz can't wait. Really want to go Walmart lol
 LuckyCharms1961  JamesinSELA  cspanwj David, do you get your crying towels from WalMart or Target?
CHINA: 20,000 Walmart Workers in China Organize One of the Country’s Biggest Strikes Using WeChat 
Some old lady looked me dead in the eye at Walmart and called me a bitch lol
 Catie717 omg seriously will seriously do that. I'm leaving Walmart and have to drop my groceries off then I'll be up lol.Be looking for me
How does anyone spend  53 in Walmart when I went in to buy underwear. Didn't buy any underwear.
These products claim to contain aloe vera — they don’t via  Verge
 Walmart how did the NES I had in my online cart get ripped out when I went to enter my address? Fix your system.
 TheSmarmyBum you have to add it to cart but you can only add it when its in stock!!
 Walmart. Thanks. You let me put the nes classic in my cart, and then it times out going to checkout. Nice BS  you got there.
'From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food': 
Never taking that shit to Walmart ever again
I literally hit "place order" and this came up. So ridiculous tbh 🙄🙄🙄  Walmart  NintendoAmerica 
 MBacho0  mattc032  ckinney05 if y'all havent left yet swing by walmart and pick me up a chocolate orange or 2. For our friendship. Thx guys
successfully bought an  nesclassic through  Walmart  luckyday
Finaly! Thanks for right price  Walmart 
 Walmart It's crap you get the Nintendo Classic in your cart, put your credit card info in. Then it says out of stock.  NintendoAmerica
 kid_rez1128 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Nintendo NES Classic at  Walmart sold out😩😩😩  nintendoNESmini
i'm p sure the entire walmart was just bags of fruit loops
Heartbroken that I waited for 30 minutes refreshing  Walmart website and got one in my cart only for it to come bac… 
 BrickyOrchid8 Walmart
Back out at the Conley Rd WalMart with  radiotimthomas til 6 to wrap up  Partnership16  TheFoodBankMO  1015KPLA 
Thank you  Walmart for making this happen today. I finally managed to order one online from your site. Now the wait… 
Walmart will have NES Classic Editions in stock at 5pm.....funny 
You f'ed up again  walmart. I say you owe me one. It was taken right out of my cart!!!! 
 Walmart  nintendo I finally got the classic Nintendo 
. Walmart Can you explain why you are letting bots purchase all of your NES stock? It's getting a bit ridiculous.  NESmini  nes
 haiphong Let's check it out, James. Choose a topic and provide your order   to get connected w/Live Support: -Brian
Why Kendall out here looking like she fought over a flat screen tv at Walmart's Black Friday in this????? 
I haven't been to my town's Walmart in like 2 or 3 years.

Out of ALL of summer I only went outside about 4 times.
And the people of Walmart keep adding pages to the reasons why I come to Walmart
I swear Walmart DC needs all the help they can get 😩
Walmart sells their garbage.
 adellybear  dendotwav it seems all my car troubles aren't gonna let up till i'm gone 😅 gonna have to cop that 7 speed mongoose from walmart
 TheGraic I purchased them at Walmart.
 walmart scewed me again on the nes was in the checkout and it sold out total bs
Was able to place an order for the Nintendo nes classic. Thank you Walmart 😭😭
I like how when  Walmart says "Arrives by" they really mean "get fedex label" and by a week later they still haven't shipped the item
 JoeyGaeta  Walmart yep. A JOKE. had item in cart all the way through to place order will all payment and shipping info and not available
20,000 Walmart Workers in China Organize One of the Country’s Biggest Strikes Using WeChat - -  labourstart
 Walmart Really walmart I click place order at 4:01pmCST and the nes classic edition is already sold out?
This is How Black Friday Works at Walmart, Best Buy, Target, Sam's Club and Amazon: Black Friday is not for the… 
Thank u Walmart! Nabbed a NES Classic like a super jew.
I've been in WalMart for 27 seconds and I have seen 8 people I know. I LOVE HOME ❤️
 Walmart I've tried to get nes classic everyday at 5 I get it in my cart fill out my info and it's gone before I can complete.
 Walmart y'all don't have a problem with taking customers money but give people a hard time in Walmart 😢
Drove all the way to Walmart and they don't have chocolate oranges. Ruined my day. Smh.
I wanna be rich but not to the point where I can't shop at Walmart
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart  TCOT  WakeUpAmerica  MAGA 
 MissCarlaJeann I got it!!! Walmart now!!
last reply: i also had a dream where i was in love with azura but she dumped me for my best friend at a walmart
I already went 2 Walmart 1 time 2day but now I gotta go back & get more decorations & shit...
WWWOOOHOOOOOO!  Patience paid off. Got my NES Classic from WalMart.  Finally. [cheers]
Walmart Tests Blockchain For Use In Food Recalls  etc  eth  ethereumclassic  ethereum
In Walmart parking lot like: 
Omgosh I actually successfully ordered the nes classic from Walmart. I feel like I won the geek lottery!
Welcome to the ‘Are You a Health Pro’ Giveaway (2)  100 Walmart Cards via  BeckyWillis
U right by Walmart I'll pay u back 
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food  Bitcoin uasociolog
 Radia_a_a one year I wanna go to an American Walmart just to watch black friday shoppers
M2's Walmart VW pickup set! Shown is the 6 regular trucks as well as 2 chase trucks and the super raw chase.  These… 
Walmart and Kate Spade are  Investing in  Women  EthicalFashion  Artisan  Empowerment.  You should too! Learn more:… 
🎁 🎅 BLACK FRIDAY Ad Scan: WALMART 🎄 🎁
NEW This Year - SEARCH by Item + GO directly to the website to buy!

Ghost Busters Proton Pack
Go Here -->> 
Walmart Reveals Cyber Week Deals Starting On Black Friday To Counter Amazon's… 
but i still work walmart today - thursday
They sell guns at Walmart im SCREAMING 😂😂
Pre-Black Friday Deals are Here at  Walmart! Save Hundreds on Electronics, Games, Toys, Small Appliances and More.… 
The Denton Walmart is a scary place
Walmart: All Laundry Detergent Only  2.97! 
MT  NYUSternMktg: Prof  terdem99 comments on the controversy surrounding  Welspun's cotton sourcing: via  guardian
Fuck Walmart. They wouldn't sell me medicine just because my sister was with me. Taking my business to Walgreens. 😡
I hella stuffed my groceries in two Walmart bags because I wasn't about to pay for more than two 😂😂
 Walmart There's always room for improvement in any business. It will be so heartbreaking if she lost her job when reporting such an act.
"HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US" 
Walmart is so fucking elite yo
Playstation VR 3476540... Apenas R 3529.08 Acesse  game  top  oferta  desconto  WalMart 
 ErinPinkham dude. It's the fucking "Walmart crowd" they are irrelevant as shit lmao
Anybody else remember getting those smiley face stickers from Walmart when you were little. Wtf happened to those
Do I really wanna drive all the way to Walmart just to buy a bath bomb to take a bath? Hmm...
 seaforests Walmart brand Colin 💁🏻💁🏻💁🏻
Business at Walmart is going to be slo; tomo row. :(
I have never been more confused  gucci  Walmart 
 Walmart yep. Sure did.
Black Friday sales begin today for Walmart  holidays  blackfriday 
Jon Voight is Good People 
Why does it always look like you shop from Walmart?  RoastJohnson
 WholeFoods is taking a cue from Walmart and offering "great everyday low prices" across their product lines: 
I remember a few years ago you could buy the brand  ChampionUSA  Walmart for like  10
 Walmart I went to return a bike and I have my receipt and they still didn't give me my money or a different bike  Arizona  Sad 😢😡
PSA: Grow your own aloe or get it from a reputable source.... 
 Jaydizz  You can find our return policy here: Cell phones can be returned within 15 days of purchase. -Shann
Lmao   the Walmart crowd saying I should've died in the wreck.
luv spending  70 at walmart& walking out w literally one bag :') growing up is great yall fr :))))
The way I'm dressed says Walmart, but I'm in a target.
Walmart is just doing me dirty with the cashiers 😍😍😍😍😍😍  newwife
Cowboy lassoes would-be bike thief in Walmart parking lot.   caught  bikethief


Can you identify this person that robbed a Walmart Store? 
Walmart Experiments With Blockchain to Safely Store Food. 

Full Details --> 
 Nelly_Mo I did some Christmas shopping I got some decorations and I still gotta go to Walmart and pay my daughter layaway and I'm going to
 Zaphael0 Keep in mind some items sold on our website are from 3rd party Marketplace retailers that set their own prices. -Brian
SOS Walmart has started play Christmas music 🙃🙃🙃
So hubs is trying to convince me to come to Walmart with him to help get little man's new supplies & shoes since he got the wrong size BUT
 mongo_ebooks some real damn WCW action figure Walmart shit happening here
It's been 7 hours. Not a damn thing going on. More action at Walmart on an average Monday.  GimmeMyKidAlready
NES Classic to sell for  59.88 on at 5pm ET / 2pm PT  NES  
 Alltopsstories  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble  Movies… 
Lord if I never ever have to go into the Walmart on chef ever again in life that would be a blessing.
YOOOOO im bout to hit up walmart 
 6_GODDESS_ i got them at walmart lmfao
Bryce drug me to Walmart just to get a new yo-yo😂😂
i hate walmart 😒
Thanks  deonnewm! Interesting to see context vs the RFID apps that spurred initial  IoT concepts 15yrs ago… 
 cnugu i guess I mean THROUGH Walmart but ALL THE SAME LMFAOOOOOOOOO
i got the room clean super fast 😇  now i just need to eat and clean the bathroom and do a quick walmart run
Almost got ran over at Walmart. It's been a pretty solid day
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Goose Creek, SC 
Here we go. Walmart removed the reseller offers: NES Classic In Stock and on Sale at Walmart Online at 5pm ET Today… 
Well  Walmart you confirmed why I HATE shopping with you. Order "processing" for pickup for a week when it was supposed to be ready in 4hrs.
I almost got hit by a car in the walmart parking lot today.
An old lady doing 45mph in front of the store
She misse… 
 ThanksgivingCrowds Glad that's over. As for  Walmart "Holiday Helpers" the were magically all on break at the same time. Nice going lol
Check out  200 WALMART GIFT CARD WAL-MART BIRTHDAY  200 VALUE Christmas  via  eBay
 RF 2016  Topps JOSE BoeingUTISTA SP Walmart Holiday Bat Flip Snowflake  HMW127 Blue Jay  MLB… 
Don't buy NES at  499.99. two just sold! - NES Classic In Stock and on Sale at Walmart Online at 5pm ET Today  NES… 
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food - -  bitcoin  news 
 Walmart on 1607 west Bethany home Phoenix Arizona 85015 are rude and very racist against black customers I will never shop there again😡
i love when two adults discuss my troubled skin right in front of me in a neighborhood walmart
I just seen some bitch in walmart had so much makeup on her face she look like a fake ass barbie doll
Hosting the holidays is stressful enough! Be prepared with IMODIUM® LACTAID® and PEPCID®   GetReliefFromTheFeast  ad
Walmart Experiments With  Blockchain to Safely Store Food via  Cointelegraph 
What is this walmart????  walmart 
Also thanks Walmart for destroying like 4 tweets. This was obviously important: "On this episode of 'no, I don't ha… 
So last night, me and my boo bout got kicked out of Walmart lol smh good times man, good times
I CAN BUY B1A4'S CONCERT DVDS ON WALMART LMAO WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
This is How Black Friday Works at Walmart, Best Buy, Target, Sam's Club and Amazon  BlackFriday  EverythingToKnow… 
This man pretended to card me at Walmart for ROOTBEER.
THIS PUZZLES THE HECK OUTTA ME~
They'll go to VICTORIA SECRET but VICKYS never there, They"ll go to WALMART but... 
 OhHeckNo  CCW  GoodGalWithAGun-->Man carjacks women in Walmart parking lot; Woman fires gunshot at him, police say 
Walmart Reveals Cyber Week Deals Starting On Black Friday To Counter  Amazon's 35 Days Of D... Read more:  AMZN
 YeahDoniii I was at the Walmart in Motown nigga I had to go to dollar tree & not for xmas decorations lol this time.
 shanedawson so the Walmart you went to in your new video is the one I got to!!! Wtf
Only link to the true blues is damn Walmart...And they taxing 😂😂😂 
go to Walmart & grab a trash can for the low. we the same thang 
gaming hardware_ Walmart? eh..
Walmart was out of pizza combos so that's enough to piss me off for the rest of the night
NES Classic In Stock and on Sale at Walmart Online at 5pm ET Today. Ignore 499.99 price. This is a reseller  NES… 
Me when I finally see my car in the walmart parking lot after 10 minutes of searching in 30 degree weather 
 12.96  Holiday Time 18-Foot Pre-Lit  Garland 
 homedecor 
Don’t miss the opportunity to keep your  money… 
Dateline: Shortpump, VA. Dead deer in shopping cart surprises Walmart shoppers: 
 MoogMigMagMoog That's about as Walmart-grade as it gets
Walmart or target — target has the best mini churros so that makes it m... 
All I bought at Walmart was dish soap and vodka. What is happening to my life
 Radia_a_a I don't see 30 ppl getting charged for trampling that old woman to death a couple years ago infront of Walmart on black Friday
Your aloe vera gel might not actually have aloe vera!

I've had a biz license for almost a decade but today I got my first real tripod (not from Walmart),so I'm finally a genuine pro photographer
 shannoncassidy Do you know I have a lot of email with credit card with Walmart and enter to complete a survey and never end never money.
Your Aloe Vera Gel Might Not Actually Have Aloe Vera - Fortune 
Sonic next to Walmart is sooo slow 🙄
Bout to start shopping at Walmart 👀
. walmart I got the package earlier than expected fam 
I gotta go to Walmart, y'all pray I make it out alive 😢
Lol wait, they sell Jordans at Walmart?
Just seen this drunk ass dude face plant outside Walmart I asked if he was alright and he said fuck you. Lol well alright than.
All of Walmart ?? 
 zzxz  tlowv I have Walmart connection
Today we're thankful for Susan and Walmart Grocery!  shesawesome 
 Tjsotomayor  - They Throwing Down For That Last Case Of Water In Walmart - 
Canadian Walmart caught trashing unopened fresh food and water bottles 
((Hi my name is Gills & I like staring at older men in Walmart & other various stores to make them question their morals. : ) ))
Walmart is Using Beyoncé to Find Contaminated Food Sources 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Traverse City, MI 
 Walmart they don't have good customer service and they are very rude and when I ask for a Manager they called the police on me😡
Soo pumped for Thursday evening 😬 Walmart will be intense  🙃
Is  blockchain the future of  retailtech? See how  Walmart is using it to prevent food contamination via  futurism: 
"I know i seen them" thats how i know im in Walmart
I just parked like such a jack ass but I hate this walmart so I wanna hurry my ass up lmao.
 Robby_Ly lol I just went to Walmart
Walmart fashions Doesn't belong in OUR Whitehouse.
Buying a dozen subway cookies in the middle of Walmart to forget how crappy of a day it's been. 😀🔫😂
Some kid in Walmart saw me try to tweet that picture from Legion of Super Heroes and said I was cool 😂
Narrowly Dodging Getting Hit in the Walmart Parking Lot -an autobiography
shorty from walmart but that ASS from Czech-Slovakia
 kazingkazam eating walmart sweet potato pie as i type
For anyone having a tough day maybe my son falling asleep in a  Walmart basket can make your day a little bit bette… 
only thing thats keeping me motivated to work on thanksgiving is this time & a half walmart bout to pay me
Oh Rivalry Week. When the obnoxious Walmart Alumni come out of the wood work. 
I almost hit a old lady at Walmart today.😂
Grocery Shopping Made Easy with Online Grocery by Walmart [ad]  GroceryHero 
Walmart's OneOps open source cloud management platform could become part of OpenStack cc/  tesch75  GrantJHP
I always see cuties at Walmart 😍
Walmart deli food be a1
 SamandColby over night at haunted Walmart!!!! 😁
Shit this Walmart employee about to take my soul 😫 fuck
Tech Times: Walmart Reveals Cyber Week Deals Starting On Black Friday To Counter Amazon's 35 Days Of Deals  gadget…
 GreatScottLP  BobLoblawtx Only got 43 more payments on my rims, gots the layaway on a plasma tv at Walmart then them beats are mine!
Some random person in front of me at Walmart paid for all my stuff and told me to have a happy thanksgiving. This made my entire week
My NES Classic has shipped from  Walmart   Yay!  NESmini  NESClassic
Walmart's Cyber Monday plans should have Amazon terrified 
i tried taking a picture of this lady's outfit at walmart and my flash was on so that's how my day is going 😂😂
 notbenhanna  ariellyb00 ben ily ill scoop you soon we can split a black and mild and go to walmart
I think its very inconsiderate how Walmart is not 24hrs anymore🙄
Working at stupid Walmart I broke 3 nails already and I just got them done Sunday
 Walmart Spend 20 minutes trying to buy live fish. Spoke to 2 associates and called the store...still no service came. Horrifically bad
Be careful  realDonaldTrump your supporters are going to be furious if you take away their cheap Walmart goods. 
 50 Shipped 20" Huffy  Kids Rock It  Bike --> 
I love going to Walmart and seeing good looking people. 😂😂
 ariellyb00  emothug69 nick I miss you let's go to Walmart soon
Walmart restocked on real techniques sponge I repeat restocked to the gods
It's overtime for Walmart to take Doctors notes.  walmartstrikers  sicktime  OWmt 
 WSJ Especially if you try to find a product at Walmart that ISN'T made in China!
This Walmart Vest DO Come Off 😈
 Team_CW96 I want some from Walmart
Is Walmart closed thanksgiving day?
 FortuneMagazine 
Walmart??
;(
the hottest guy ever at walmart flirted with me the other day so tragic that i didn't get his  
Anybody know the qualifications to write about football for  FOXSports??? I think door greeters  Walmart have a more intensive background ✅
 Walmart in Arizona on 1607 west Bethany home Phoenix Arizona 85015 the people is so unprofessional I will never go back😡
Never worked at Walmart
15 minute Warning! Prepare and Log in. NES Classic In Stock and on Sale at Walmart Online at 5pm ET Today  NES… 
 omoijuanfo06 Walmart
Chris - Worth a read  mvasey  LinkedIn  watsoniot  blockchain  iot
Thank you,  RealReddyIce employee at Stuart  Walmart who returned my purse I left in a cart, for reminding me good people still exist. 👍🏼
HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US via  YouTube
 Walmart That would be awesome if the phone number actually worked...or someone would actually email me back, not very good customer service
When you realize the only reason your mom let you get a license is so you can run her errands. Catch me at walmart
Definitely just had to tell some crazy lady at Walmart not to touch my newborn 🙃
2 FREE Dannon Whole Milk Yogurt Cups at Walmart! 
 ChristnaHuffman I used to go out before they had online shopping and I had children at home. I remember standing in line at Target/Walmart
i HATE walmart with a passion
 BreitbartNews   BrightFART News; name says it all.  Deficit drops when we make  Walmart shit &  IPhone here too.  Like- NEVER.  Tell  Rump!
 Walmart not at all!
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart;;;''


Need a ride to Walmart anybody ? Got gas
Walmart clearance ink 
 kaylamolitor lol no. That's ridiculous. All because the brand label. Can get some shit like that at Walmart for  40. Byeeeeee
I need to go to Walmart or rite aid or target I need something for my back😩
AMP Energy Drinks-  0.74 at Walmart and  0.99 at Homeland! 
You want me to pick up trash out of the bushes at Walmart? That's how I accidentally because an AIDS patient that's addicted to meth.
 Walmart Why are you allowing people to buy all the NES minis and then resell them on your site for 10x what you sold them for?  notsmart
Before this goes viral again. This is an air soft gun they sell at Walmart designed to look real. I promise go look… 
I need to go to Walmart I just want snacks
We've got ALL the Black Friday ads and deals you need to know about:  BlackFriday 
 woIfbitch this= chanel 
jons= discount store (not even walmart)
Just found a good find on walmart for a game I've been trying to get. 
 hmeisler My equate Walmart brand bandages stick so much better than JnJ brand band aids, it's just so remarkable to me.Won't buyJnJanymore.
mo would do better off the rack at walmart.....geeze..theallet couldn't design her way out of a wet paper bag. 
 YuGiOh_TCG once again I need these. Going to see if my local Walmart had them tonight
 Walmart Thanks June, you too!
 optibotimus I just picked up Wolfwire from Walmart just now. What a coincidence!
Yo  NintendoAmerica, you might wanna talk with  Walmart about this outrageous price. 
 TaraKuczykowski I love the deals at Walmart!
I love strolling through walmart lol I buy the most random things
I checked in at Walmart on  Yelp 
go find  jaylonbrion &  jarvisaurus in walmart bc they might tell you that you look "snatched" & then you might go get ice cream as a reward
why my friends tried to fight Happie 1 on 1, this girl ran to the walmart workers THEN HID IN THE SHED 💀💀💀💀💀💀
Standing Up to Walmart's Sick Time policy,or lack there of.  walmartstrikers  OW 
😂 i woulda played look back at me all thru tha walmart lol they foolish. trina: "gotta ass so big like tha sun" fol… 
going to walmart by myself  amynsuire , just wanted to let you know 🙃
Get this Walmart cashier off my timeline 
"He's like a Walmart version of an Abercrombie model" 😂
Going grocery shopping heading to Walmart with coupons in hand
 69.88 Brother 17 Stitch  Sewing Machine --> DIY  Crafts  Homemade 
Underground US Tunnel Map Links WalMart, Jade Helm Locations. Wow Check This Out! - Free Patriot Post 
walmart* 
Walmart Reveals Cyber Week Deals Starting On Black Friday To Counter Amazon's 35 Days Of Deals  TechTimes
Light sabers are on sale at Walmart it's lit
I liked a  YouTube video from  therichest_com 10 WEIRD Things SOLD at WALMART
Dog tags featuring your favorite  YuGiOh characters are on sale now at select Walmart locations for  2.98! 12 diffe… 
Nintendo  NES Classic ★★ IN STOCK ★★➥➥ 5:00 PM TONIGHT! ( EST. ) -  Walmart  Walmartcom 
. GeneralMills  CampbellSoupCo  walmart and 12 other food giants pledge to halve their food waste by 2030 via  edie
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Jacksonville, FL 
HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US 
I really hope this is a glitch by  Walmart for the  classicnes 
Enter to Win a  250 Walmart Gift Card from Whole Heart & Home 
Wearing my pajamas to Walmart. I don't want to attract any attention.
I'm at Walmart and they're playing SOS by the Jonas brothers
The Walmart on Charleston has the worst employees ever. I hate it so much.
From Feminism to puke-tracking: Walmart uses Beyoncés to monitor food  Beyoncé  foodsafety  pork
I literally do not understand who let out all these slow ass walkers in walmart today. Like let's gooooooooooo
1)PARKINSON'S, AN INSIDIOUS SICKNESS
SADLY TUCKED OUT OF WAY BY OUR USA
 BarackObama GLYPHOSATES, FROM AGENT ORANGE
2ROUNDUP SOLD AT WALMART
mom at walmart: u sure u don't need a second box of twinkies..i mean it's about to be finals and sometimes people stress eat
I haven't been in town 1 hour and I have seen 3 cousins and 3 "so close they might as well be" cousins...lol.  walmart
Walmart tries using  blockchain to take unsafe food off shelves 
Do you ever go to Walmart and completely forget what you came to get
I LOVE how corrupt Sault Sainte Marie Michigan's  Walmart management is so corrupt that home office can't even see it.  lovemyjobtho
she looks like the walmart brand poison ivy 
 WSJ how about just stop buying crap from Walmart. So much useless stuff - but cheap!
Every customer in this Walmart is a giant sack of shit
Protected Bike Lanes Are Sprouting Up in Walmart Country. 
Walmart presented the Food Bank for Westchester with a generous donation of  75K for its Emergency Food... 
Walmart is so annoying like please restock your shelves so I don't have to climb the shelves for things
Martinsburg Walmart is beyond sketchy.
they have the entire land of stories series at my walmart and for  66 they could be mine but my bank account is playing
Drugs (at  Walmart Supercenter in Clermont, FL) 
If you block traffic at Walmart, I really hate you.
Whole Foods is copying Walmart to try and get rid of its 'whole paycheck’ image 
 milahcakes I don't even tempt my truck wit Walmart gas no more
 browndaija72  rachelbiasi11  girlposts omfg and then we went to walmart😍😍
Anybody want the true blue 3s ???? 

Hit up Walmart online lol
Just got complemented by some guy on the bike at Walmart parking lot I was feeling like I was look bad but I guess not ☺️
Axe, Dove & TRESemme Holiday Gift Packs at Walmart!  MyStyleGift  DealSeekingMom
 ReTweet  LipGloss  Rimmel Stay Glossy Lipgloss Infinitely Pretty 0.18 fl oz 
C. Douglas Mcmillon: WALMART...STOP  SELLING TREATS THAT ARE KILLING DOGS - Sign the Petition! via  UKChange
Walmart Strikes Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
4 Sale - 'Walmart Small Seated Cream Cocker Spaniel Dog with White Bone' -  12.00 - 
grown ass people acting like kids in Walmart 🙄
someone go to walmart with me!!
 JoeyGaeta  Walmart good luck today!
Y'all ever been to Walmart when the power's out?
Y'all only get 30 minutes to get your shit and go.😂
Sometimes it's fun to be me ;)
 Trolling  Strangers  Walmart 
Calcutta Walmart's favorite elf 🎄🎅🏽❤️  elfie 
Good Guy Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart 
Stock up on cranberries to use year round!

Walmart: Save on Fresh Cranberries 


Lady at Sephora: omg what highlighter are you wearing? 
Me: (awkwardly laughing) haha it's from Walmart 
😬😬😬
 phareauxthedj I'll remember that next time. I only went to Walmart for a bottle of wine.
Aloe vera gel sold by Walmart, Target and CVS doesn't actually have any real aloe in it. St… 
 garthbrooks  trishayearwood  The Walmart AMP in Rogers, AR please!!! 😍🎤😍
This mall is like walmart😩
 Kelly_Heenan poses in shorts from Walmart that were 6.99 
BREAKING: WalMart Social Team So Can't Wait To Start Tweeting On Black Friday
We running from ppl in Walmart now ? 💀💀💀💀
 davezorn72 like in the field area there's so many police it's like they're looking for someone but I'm not sure…heavy police at Walmart to
Didn't even get through the parking lot of Walmart and already had to take anxiety meds because I hate this place so much lol
Omfg. Bitch just asked me for gas money but I'm looking at you shop at Walmart. Come on nah.
"Walmart and I lock hands when I walk in" -Nana 😂😂😂
 amandadeibert let's check other companies: Walmart - progay. Kohls - progay Toys R Us: them too Starbucks: rainbow all the way
 researchpreneur  Twitter  Futurism Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.

on futurism
 Cwilk__ u know u just bought dat at Walmart stop acting 💤
 Naked in  Walmart, and nobody's laughing: a prank turns into trouble for 2 local guys.  TJParkerWCPO shows us the video, next at 5  WCPO
 pinkivy81 and it's a Vanilla Pound Cake.
Food-Celebrations - Kentucky Bourbon Fudge - 
I'm at Walmart in Florida and they are giving out sample cups of Guinness
 davezorn72 there's heavy police activity on the back road where the new Walmart is and between that area and the new steakhouse place
Overheard Walmart parking lot. Two dumbos on carts. "She's got the hots for you.....Remember that song?" "I wanna fuck her face" on repeat.
futurism: Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.


I like coming to Walmart and seeing people get angry over a damn Turkey fuck you thanksgiving, 🐓
FUCK THE MANAGEMENT OR WHOEVER AT WALMART THAT ALLOWED THIS SHIRT 2… 
Stand and stuff BOATS?!?! --> Yes, please!  OEP&GameDay  OldElPaso   Walmart  ad  ScoreBigFlavor  foodie  yum
Kentucky Bourbon Fudge via  Walmart
Guess who went to Walmart and spent  120 on stuff?🙋 also, guess who didn't buy anything she went to Walmart for... 🙋🙋 damn it
Axe, Dove & TRESemme Holiday Gift Packs at Walmart!  MyStyleGift via Printable Coupons | Deal ... 
went 2 walmart nd snapped tiff all abt everythin glee related I saw
 Walmart Spent over 5 minutes searching your coffee/tea aisle. Today I found all the ones I wanted at the local Schnucks grocery store.
I wish Walmart would hurry up w my Sim game 😒
The fact that I had to pray for sanity walking through this Walmart
One of the greatest things about being home is fist bumping Willie as you walk into Walmart 
 BoeingM
 MsJLaw oh no haha. Not since i let my sis-in-law convince me to go with her and my niece to Walmart 5 years ago
what time Walmart open on black friday 
?
Food-Celebrations - Baked Brie with Bourbon Pecans - 
 5SOS_Daily  shanedawson came out wit a new vid (hauntings and Walmart)
I'm terrified by the amount of people in this Walmart rn
Just a PSA:
If you shop at Walmart, Kmart, Ulta, Office Max, Target, any franchise store for this matter,... 
Food-Celebrations - Make-ahead Stuffing Balls - 
 Walmart you guys really need to be closed on Thanksgiving Day. There is zero reason to be open.
Battlefield and A piece of shit for 27  at Walmart 
Walmart App: Shopping, Savings Catcher, & More – Walmart  apple  apps  shopping
Jon Voight Buys  Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart 
 TrumpYourThanksgiving  Trump 

Lady sitting next to me at Walmart Tire & Lube has a tramp stamp that says "Heartbreaker" hell yes gf 🤘🏼😤
Not good! No Evidence of Aloe Vera Plant Found in  Aloe Vera Products at  Walmart and  CVS_Extra  
 FaithOceannn Walmart too and old navy has the footless ones right now
Protected Bike Lanes Are Sprouting Up in Walmart Country  HeadlinesApp
ONE TIME ON TINDER THERE WAS THIS REALLY CUTE GIRL AND MY FRIEND JUST SAW HER AT WALMART AND DIDNT GET HER NUMBER
 LeslieFair10 At Chipotle the ratio is 1,522 to 1; Coca Cola CEO pockets  25M, Pepsi CEO  22 million. Walmart ratio is 1,133 to 1 (more)
 DonnieSimpson Yes!  Walmart commercial is cranking James Brown! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
You know a Walmart is ghetto when they have to lock up everything
When a nigga in walmart give you that eye and you like 😩😩damn where you come from 😛
Dollar christmas socks is a hoax. target, 5 below and walmart didn’t have them. 🙄
Taking showers at Walmart isn't all that bad
 ElvisTheAlienTV it would be so much better if you only had to hear it once at a Christmas party instead of a million times in the walmart
The reasons I don't go to Walmart with my mom is somewhere around 1,000 pages
When you go into Walmart with 4 kids & come out with only 3! Of course.. family reunion. We got ditched by Lex😏😒... 
I ordered 5 things in my new walmart order- they all shipped separately lol.
 ThatGirl_Aleria They have them in the beauty supply, Walmart, Sally's, Target, places like that:
 Walmart I did, thanks!
 Walmart well it a  good way to never get  any more  nes classic edition i have report  this  to nintendo
some white dude tried to accuse my dad of stealing at walmart the other day
Grandmas on a whole new level at Walmart rn
 JoeyGaeta  Walmart same here. It's a joke
A Walmart instagram account is flirting with me. The fuck.
 Walmart did you see my tweet?  I see you are answering others!
Aaaawwww shit Walmart!!! Y'all tryna make me have twin babies running around this mf 😩😩😩😩 
Walmart has the Air Hogs Star Trek U.S.S. Enterprise RC Drone for  64.99 (46% off) 
Someone warn me the next time I go to Walmart to look half decent when I end up seeing everyone I've ever known 💀
always get lost in walmart
11/22 Daily Recap: 2016 Christmas Toys at Walmart! 
 Elizabeth_A2017 Touché! Glad you pointed that out. But hey, we'll definitely pass your  kudos along. -Rad
just saw the hottest guy in walmart
 BarstoolBigCat not to be a hater but to say Mich are Walmart wolverines, that's the entire B1G. Doesn't happen with us  MACtion guys  NIU
30 minute Warning. Warm up your fingers! NES Classic In Stock and on Sale at Walmart Online at 5pm ET Today  NES… 
 Walmart you too june
 WALTMANLEE  Walmart probably not. I tried yesterday and it didn't even change to 59.99
 Steep_Game Will the gold edition be available in stores on release day? (Walmart/Target)
 clonecustoms I really want the Walmart exclusive one! It'll be so hard to find though.
Uh what is wrong with this picture. At Walmart today and pondered on the irony. Is it just me?? 
 Walmart thx for forcing employees to work on Thanksgiving. I know u couldn't wait until Friday for my   .  greed
The walmart in Shane's video is the one I go to all the time gtg
Research Finds: There’s No Evidence of Aloe Vera Plant Found in Aloe Vera Gels from Walmart, Target, CVS and others… 
 GivingTuesday
An American hero who I am sure did this with ZERO fanfare. Thanks, Jon Voight
Futurism: Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.

 News
Rain hasn't dampened our spirits -  or your generosity. Thank you! We're at CoMo Schnucks and  walmart until 6 pm
Aloe vera gel sold by Walmart, Target and CVS doesn't actually have any real aloe in it 
I lost my mom for 15 minutes in Walmart today and I acted like the world was ending. Clearly I shouldn't be living alone 😅
 bitcoin From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food - Ars Technica 
Boneless BBQ chicken wings from Walmart Deli 🐐.
 GTP_Social The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more - The Verge… 
. momhatescooking put grocery pickup to the test for Thanksgiving prep: "I didn’t even have to go in the store!"… 
i wanna go to that haunted walmart
 flashkenobi3 nice that's probably what I'll do so I can make a little squad of them once I get the walmart one too
i asked my mom to go to Walmart w her & she said "no" & walked off. 😂
 JurisDumbass  TheLegalCliche I still have some software licenses from my LS. i bought basic Office 2010 for prev laptop for  80 at Walmart.
Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.

＠futurism
Omw to get ceiling fans from Walmart!
 _KirahBaabbyy_ 😂😂😂 i hate that Walmart ghetto ass store
Baked Chicken Tacos for game day! Load up on  oldelpaso at  Walmart and score big!  OEP&GameDay  ad
 Twitter  Future Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.

 innovation Researchpreneur
Our ultimate space saver in the kitchen! Our Folding Wire Rack is a must-have for every entertainer  solvedbysterno 
The "Fiji" and "Krispy Kreme" Walmart sells are just tap water and Walmart donuts Bc they bought the rights to label it as such. Stay woke.
Moneymaker Frigo Cheese Stick at Walmart!  deal 
Maybe this will reduce stampedes at Walmart. Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. - Recode 
Tried this for the first time today and I really liked it. Great buy for  2.00 at Walmart... 
Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.


New report card on toxics:  Walmart &  Target get B’s,  amazon &  Costco get F’s. More at:  MindTheStore
Everytime I read  malware I think  Walmart.  cybercrimecommodities  sorry
 clonecustoms just 2 (in case I can't  ever find the Walmart exclusive)
Walmart "speedy" checkout is not speedy at all 🙄🙄🙄
A network of protected bike lanes is taking shape in northwest Arkansas. Thanks to Walmart money… 
I'm on it.... the bread... in the bread aisle at walmart. Is it working? 
 SteeevinTV drive to walmart and get a pot of fake flowers
Store-brand aloe gel sold by Walmart, Target and CVS doesn't have a trace of aloe in it. 
CVS/Walmart's Aloe Vera does not contain aloe vera.  What good is it then?

Everybody & they damn momma in Walmart 😩
i had to come all the way to the ghetto walmart to get greens and smoked neck bones ..ain't that some shit
 KaritoKuriti wyd? I'm going to Walmart
Axe, Dove & TRESemme Holiday Gift Packs at  Walmart!  MyStyleGift via  DealSeekingMom
This bitch  is stumbling in walmart😂
i need to go to walmart but im gonna lay down for a bit
A bag of pepperoni in the rafters at Walmart... 
candid Walmart worker booty 
People be bringin dogs wrapped in blankets like babies to Walmart... you never know if it's a baby or a dog these days.
: Walmart , Target , Grocery Store, Holiday Shipping .. it don't maaattttaaa , I always spend more than I thought I would .
 InazumaBuster .....where did they hire these guys? Walmart?
Is Black Friday The Best Day To Meet Your Worst Customers?: IMAGE DISTRIBUTED FOR WALMART - (Photo…… 
From  bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food 
 Walmart  JoeyGaeta and have you put a stop to bots getting in to get them??
 JDolluz_ bet, I gotta go to target then Walmart and then I'm open to wherever else
2009 jbiebs is playing in the Walmart bathroom
 beatjunkie_  ItsMaarty i use an Android TV box. I'd buy this one if you're looking for one. 
 OGBrownbone the most entertaining thing to do her is walk around meijer and fuckin Walmart
every employee i've encountered in Walmart always has a rude af attitude
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in San Antonio, TX 
Just FYI, if you're recommending aloe for sick burn memes, don't suggest storebrand products from Walmart or CVS. Or do, I guess.
 Cats0ntheprowl now I know you're lying. No one ENJOYS Walmart, they just end up there.
There's both a McDonald's and a blood pressure machine at our Walmart. Circle of life.
 CheapyD  Walmart  NintendoAmerica I use Walmart's website to see if items are at my store. When I encounter this crap I just use Amazon.
When tf did Walmart start selling Jordan's ??? 
So I listened to you guys and I placed my first grocery order online for pick up at Walmart and I LOVED IT!!!... 
 josiewarrior We'd be happy to look into it if you send your contact info and order details our way at: -June
Walmart Deals: Frozen Ride-On Quad  39 (Save  40!) 
 Walmart Deals: Frozen Ride-On Quad  39 (Save  40!)  thanksgiving2016
 Walmart Deals: FoodSaver Vacuum Sealer Just  29 (Save  100!)  thanksgiving2016
Walmart Deals: FoodSaver Vacuum Sealer Just  29 (Save  100!) 
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed i| Ugg boots = Hell
 hamptoncreek looks like  Walmart has removed all the  JustMayo 😭
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart via  BreitbartNews
One of very few in H'wood I respect
 grayson_noble 7/11, Walmart, McDonald's, digging ditches, mowing lawns (all 11/10)
The panorama Walmart is haunted I can't believe it . I thought I was just haunted by paisas and chunts
I'm back in Valdosta when tf did y'all finish this Walmart
One time she was feeling herself & couponed up so hard on these niggas in Walmart they had to pay her! Save money live better b
Top story: Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart see more 
When  H2ODelirious is on a t-shirt at Walmart 🤔🖕🏼🙃 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Nintendo [NES] Mini Classic WalMart Selling For  500 / Anti Damage
The rumor come out, does Walmart is gay?
Best buy wanted 150 bucks for a memory card td lol..got one at Walmart for 23 bucks smh best buy
I swear I be trying hard not to cuss these Walmart workers out but they always testing me .
 daddyozzie getting an error in my checker saying there's a chance there's one at this Walmart 562-801-2413
Meet The Dapper White Nationalist Trying To Ride Walmart Sales To Lasting Power 
I'm never going to Walmart again 
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food - Ars Technica 
[please retweet] The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more - The…… 
But the closer and closer it get to thanksgiving like this customers in Walmart got some sideways shit to say to me
Walmart special baby 
 14.95 — feeling thankful in Stafford 
Walmart Weekly Deals :: 11/22-11/27/16 
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food cc  delitzer  food  Blockchain  data
 shanedawson WTF A 3 storey Walmart?!😲 That's a whole lotta Walmart! Was anyone else more shocked by this that it actually being haunted?
 Zelladay you also can find disco balls for sale at Walmart in the party area, decent size for only 9 each, that's a lot sparkle for the   ✨
iPhone 5s for just  99.00 at Walmart 
Wal-Mart Scalping the NES CLassic Edition for 500   NESClassic 
Soooo no more lining up black Friday I guess.. Lol just purchased everything online! Shout out to  Walmart for having pre-blackout deals!
 Walmart is terrible! Horrible customer service. I bought what I needed  eBay instead. Cheaper too.
 NeilJEdmondson Walmart in Russia? or Walmart in Ukrain?
 Walmart I found this at one of your competitors and more.  I enjoy taking my business to you. Please add more to y… 
 authoridjohnson Did you try to purchase the item in-store? -Rad
IM CRYING IN A WALMART HOW OMFG I WAS JUST TALKING TO MY MOM ABOUT PENTATONIX OMFGSSKKS 
Bruh someone just got shot in Walmart right in front my eyes 😪
From  bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food  ResidualBitcoin
 Yngwildnpolshed don't judge me but I'm going to Walmart with my sis but not at an unGodly hr. My dd has an apt now & I want 2 get stuff😜
 RabidParrots You bought that from walmart 

I know what mop that is
 shanedawson that Walmart looked creepy just on the outside
nexium coupons for walmart & nexium dosage & nexium over the counter & generic nexium 20 mg 
Who else is looking for new cookie recipes for the holidays?  GetYourBettyOn   AD
for anyone who has seen me in Walmart today, i apologize.
Shopping at Walmart  thatghettolife
The lady in front of me just bought my stuff at Walmart. Where was she when I was at IHOP? 😂😂
They stole my car charger at Walmart getting my oil changed 😑
 wendelinxx There maybe certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel if our allocation sells out. -Rad
 SunflowerVDC i work at walmart and i'll be working during the event
you dont wanna work then sob
 Ms_HeartAttack ive seen those shoes in walmart so adorbs
 SamanthaHayes03 Last year, mags went to Walmart to print pictures on Thanksgiving. Let's just say she got stuck in pre-black Friday! 😂
Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger at Walmart... 
rolls up 2 tha walmart
drops the Whole Milk™ all over the got dam floor
Walmart is a melting pot of American trash
Elderly walmart greeters r so cute can I have one
walmart is a mad house I strongly advice staying away from that place
 Cut4  Braves Great pic. He looks like an obese person going to Walmart. Way to make him fit in in the south.  Keeping it classy Braves....
 Walmart on Cattleman in Florida needs to get the carts out of the parking lot! 
Encourage Creativity with the K'NEX Wild Whiplash Roller Coaster   WildWhiplash  Walmart  KNEX  ad 
walmart is going to be a mess thursday & friday😩😩😩😩
i always come to walmart w my mom lookin like a bum and we end up seeing literally everyone we know
need to go to walmart 😩
A guy just stopped me and my sister in Walmart and asked if we were both single 🙄 like what? If you can't have one you'll take the other? 🙄
fuk walmart🙄 
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to track food 
Use to do this at walmart ALL THE TIME 😂 
20,000  Walmart Workers in China Organize One of the Country’s Biggest Strikes Using WeChat - 
Now one has to buy another set. Walmart has done me strong ting o! How can a baby outgrow 0-3 clothes in 5 weeks! Chai.

I want my mummy!
Seriously all I want for Christmas is one of those fluffy throw blankets from Walmart.
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food - As the potential of block... 
New post (Walmart: Samsung 40″ 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV  297.99 (Reg.  999.99)) has been published on... 
 ChadTigWelder Thanks for reaching out, Chad! Please tell us more about the situation so we can help. -June
Walmart rolling out  BlackFriday deals earlier in battle to win out over rival Amazon.  Retail  Bisnow  
 akh_95 wait 😂😂 i misunderstood you, you'll be gucci if you get to ch from 95 if you take that walmart exit
 grantmcauley one is a fake Walmart jersey. Yankees don't put names on them.
i'm at a one story Walmart. help i'm overwhelmed 
Keep it local...Shop Westminster Chamber Members on Small Business Saturday
Shop Walmart in Westminster, CA -... 
 shanedawson please please please pull strings because I'm dying to see inside that Walmart!!👏🏻😉
From  12.97
Faded Glory New Fall Fashion Boot Collection 
From  12.97 
Faded Glory New Fall Fashion Boot Collection 
I hate Walmart 🙁🙁 it done kept me away from my family too long 😭😭
I've come to the conclusion that mirrors don't sell well   Walmart🙈
im sitting at walmart printing a bunch of panic! photos, what had my life come to 
Lord help mercy Can i plz kno why they only let u work at walmart if u over 70 or handicapable Like how u pose to ever get anything done lol
So then! I have to go return my item, get my cash back, pay for the item again.... goodness gracious  Walmart  get it together.  Awful
Walmart in Westerville will have more check out lines open to make your Black Friday process as quick as possible.
New on Ebay! 2x HASBRO STAR WARS BLACK SERIES 6" inch SCARIF STORMTROOPER Walmart Exclusive 
FUCKING WALMART CALLING ME FAT YELLING CUCK LORD
Chanel vs Walmart  hamiltonmusical 
Vamos a Kmart, Sam's y a Walmart.
 BTSMeetsPuertoRico 
 TheWingsTourInPuertoRico
 PuertoRicoMeetsTheWingsTour 
This is proof of global warMing  Walmart 
"From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food"  techno-geek  feedly
Going to walmart
Conservatives are boycotting target and i couldn't be happier. Y'all are the walmart kind anyway 🌚 no icees and popcorn for you
 kevinfletcher83 you do we save a shit load with red card & cartwheel. Also target price matches with Walmart toyrus best buy and amazon.
She wanted a picture with Santa 💜  4yearsold   Walmart Peru 
So, one bought a boxful of baby clothes before baby arrived. Walmart had this 21 piece for  34.
I Regret a lot of shit I've done since working at Walmart.. 😑
Note to self, I already hate going to Walmart.  I'm never taking my car to get tired mounted from them again.
I need to get some Hawaiian rolls before Walmart be sold out tomorrow
Walmart trying  blockchain for food  traceability 
Nationwide.. Walmart is bringing in millions of tv's, tablets and computers and video games for Black Friday.
Walmart Hair Salon Prices - Smartstyle and Regals Salon Cost
 WalmartHairSalon

En Walmart 
 highkeydesi I got them in the Halloween section at Walmart! ☺️
5 Tips for Staying Calm & Keeping Your Confidence Through the Holidays  LivePadFree  sp  walmart  poise … …
 DemotivateASong
Uncomfortably Numb
Stairway to Walmart
Don't Worry, Get Herpes

And we can't forget Tiny Tim's Tiptoe through the Minefield
Invite Grandma BallyHuHu into your holiday celebration. Available at  Walmart.
 CRiMS0NREMAiNS We're so happy to help, Jason. Have a wonderful  Thanksgiving! -June
 zombi3crack3rs Some items sold by Walmart are also available from third-party Marketplace Retailers, and they set their own prices. -Rad
Dealt with all the unhappy people at Costco and Walmart 😳😳😳it's only gonna get worse for the next month 😫😫😫
The Black Friday New Nintendo 3DS (white version) is up for order   Walmart.ca! 
Nikki's got a 50  gift card to Walmart and that bitch wants to spend it on a salad  nikkiKraft
 AkiterraGoombah both of those sound like way more work than spending  10 on new curtains at Walmart <<
It's only 3 PM and I've already been sent to Walmart four separate times today.
if yall ever need to find juanita go to walmart shes always there
Lovely gesture, but why was Jon Voight in a Kentucky Walmart? via  ABC
Walmart Experiments With Blockchain to Safely Store Food - Walmart, a  214 bln retail giant, has begun to utili... 
I'll be at Walmart 6PM Turkey Day to thank all my Deplorables!  TrumpYourThanksgiving
Paul Soliai out shopping in walmart and people in panther gear don't even know who he is ... he's plays DT for y'all
what. i guess i shouldn't be surprised cos Best Buy, too, but also. What.
ighttttt imma get up and go to walmart at like 7:30-8
 CopThese  FFBLegend how is Walmart allowed to jack up the price? Competing with 3rd party sellers?
ALASKA WALMART – Fly Fishing Gear Prices – Anchorage Alaska 
i got lost at walmart as a kid. 
Interesting... 
I hate working at Walmart. Retail jobs are the absolute worse. If I didn't have to support my family, I would quit.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Surprise, AZ 
 KiaRoseSheMale If the quantity available from Walmart sells out, you may still see the item from our Retailers at a different price. -Rad
these cute hoes at walmart almost got me to do my brows, boy if i had 5  smh lmaoo
 tyluv3  brunolovesbrit Try Walmart
 Walmart Holidays Helpers? A you referring to self check out? If so the lines to use that were longer than the regular one LOL
Do you like Marvel Legends? Do you have paying a lot of money? Walmart has the hook-up  wave 
If you thought Walmart was big you should see Sam's Club ;)  WrayneBH  Addymestic  Ephi_BL  Eramm3 
Free on  Listia: Walmart Gift Card(s). Get it here - 
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more - The Verge  innovation
 kaidaniels14  QueenSydySyd meet me behind Walmart, by concord mills
 Walmart contd..we waited 45 minutes to be rung up.
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more - The Verge  techtalk
Free: Walmart Gift Card(s) 
People's lack of spatial awareness at  walmart never ceases to amaze me. Such a beating.
Walmart in Westerville bringing in 150 workers for Black Friday compared to 80 to 90 on a regular day. 
Walmart a mad rush today! thanksgivingcooking
My mama crazy if she thought I was going to Walmart on my off day lol
Paper plates, Cutlery, Napkins, Water,,,,,, that's my contribution for Thanksgiving. I should probably go to Walmart soon
The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more - The Verge  Tech 
 tayxjameson  nikki_hallan can you get this at Walmart
Im buying a lightsaber on grad night even tho i could just get one at Walmart- mainly for a picture with darth vader
Snickerdoodle Cookie Dunkers are perfect for dunking!  ad   getyourbettyon 
the mix  recipe… 
 BlueMcFlurry  safianaznin Whaa?? Wait. I'm gonna check if Walmart ships in Canada
Analysis: Walmart's CEO Gets Paid 1,034 Times More Than Walmart Workers via  HuffPostBiz
 SheriffClarke  S_Leeds Light weekend in Chi-town..'Black Friday' is coming those numbers should double with Walmart opening at midnight!
The aloe vera gels many Americans buy [CVS and Walmart i.e.] contain no evidence of aloe vera at all via  business
 nachoakley I took my selfie sitting on the floor of the kids section in Walmart so why not?
Amzn hired 20k more seasonal workers yoy. Compare that to target, walmart, Macy's and see the future
 Walmart many people complained but no cash registers were opened. Horrible customer service will not shop Walmart on the holidays..
 _gabihartley honestly Walmart lol I have a pair of black bottoms from there that I like a lot!!
Walmart Experiments With Blockchain to Safely Store Food: Walmart, a US 214 billion retail 
 TheLifeOMichael  KHOU They don't even have them stocked at Walmart yet.🙄
Saw the Yu-Gi-Oh pins at Walmart, but they only had the Puzzle and Kuriboh and for  4 a pop, ehhhh
LMAOOO Shane Dawson's made a video about haunted stores/restaurants and the Walmart in Panorama is mentioned 💀
45minute Warning! NES Classic In Stock and on Sale at Walmart Online at 5pm ET Today  NES 
 baskgod Walmart. Lol
ChartSmarter Wednesday Game Plan: "retail rivaling industrials"  KSS  BURL  PLCE  DSW  CBRL… 
Understanding Walmart’s Mixed 3Q Results and Stock Reaction  Walmart  TGT  KR  DG
If you follow  CARB Check out this site! ----> 
 MMLP  Walmart  ERJ  FEYE
 GOOG  Walmart  YHOO:

Courage Capital’s Top Q3 Bets: Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Yahoo! Inc …:


 Walmart &  FSLR  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Zones for Week 21 Nov >… 
 TSLA  Boeing  FB  Walmart:

Your Evening Briefing:


 Boeing  Walmart:

Something for everyone:


From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses  blockchain to monitor food | Ars Technica  Walmart
 Don_Homer  spiegema double the EV with fully baked in RINS - only real chance of take out here is  Walmart.
 MDCL 50% off Pot stock - from  5 to  2.42! Posted SEC 10Q NET PROFITS!  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple… 
PortfolioBuzz: These assets are seeing a jump in tweets  CVS  Copper  DJIA  TGT  Walmart 
These assets are seeing a jump in tweets  CVS  Copper  DJIA  TGT  Walmart 
Web Stock buzz:  AMZN  Apple  INDU  LCOL  Walmart (02:37 pm)  stocks  finance  stockmarket  StockPicks
Tuesday links: big four all-time highs, doing half and fake aloe vera.  SPY  DIA  QQQ  IWM… 
PortfolioBuzz: See why these assets are trending in 1 watchlist  CVS  Copper  DJIA  TGT  Walmart … 
See why these assets are trending in 1 watchlist  CVS  Copper  DJIA  TGT  Walmart 
NEW Video Analysis on  Walmart &  FSLR with important  Trading Zones Week 21 Nov by  APAZones > 
 Walmart active, relative volume: 5.82, 1H, 1:00 PM,  nyse  SPY  DJI
Dollar Tree's profit beats as Family Dollar purchase pays off  DLTR  DG  FDO  Walmart 
Dollar Tree's profit beats as Family Dollar purchase pays off  FDO  DLTR  DG  Walmart 
 Walmart Feeding Northeast Florida scales up logistics during Thanksgiving rush 
 Walmart active, relative volume: 6.77, 1H, 12:00 PM,  nyse  SPY  DJI
 Walmart  NYSE  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Zones for Week 21 Nov >>… 
 Walmart Dollar Tree's profit beats as Family Dollar purchase pays off 
News:  Amazon aims for double-digit  Christmas growth while  Walmart and  Target hope for flat sales   Walmart  AMZN
 Walmart active, relative volume: 10.07, 1H, 11:00 AM,  nyse  SPY  DJI
3 Top-Ranked  Retail  Stocks Worth a Look Ahead of  BlackFriday  TGT  BBY  JWN Also  AMZN  Walmart  KSS 
Here is an exclusive offer for Jason Bond Picks stock trading service!!!!!  MA  SEDG  Walmart  KO
 Walmart active, relative volume: 10.11, 1H, 10:00 AM,  nyse  SPY  DJI
No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS
 Walmart  CVS
 Walmart American kids are clamoring for this fascinating hatching toy that is sold out... 
 DLTR  DG  Walmart:

Dollar Tree’s profit beats estimates as merchandise costs fall:


Online spending to rise by 18% during holiday season
 Walmart  BBY  WAG  HD to be impacted?


 sarahintampa
 Walmart active, relative volume: 9.39, 1H, 9:00 AM,  nyse  SPY  DJI
Wal-Mart: Stay Calm And Be Patient  COST  JPM  TGT  AMZN  Walmart
 Walmart AP Top Extended Financial Headlines at 12:11 p.m. EST 
 Walmart active, relative volume: 10.37, 1H, 8:00 AM,  nyse  SPY  DJI
 Walmart 75 Calls SELLING Activity expiring on 17th Mar, Vol 2489
 Walmart Amazon May Not Be The Cheapest Option This Holiday Season 
S&P100  Stocks Performance  VZ  LOW  TGT  QCOM  T  HD  GM  Walmart  FOXA  UNH  Boeing  SBUX  AMZN  TXN  TWX  Intel  more  
News:  Walmart to start post- BlackFriday  online deals early via  FortuneMagazine  Walmart
Walmart +0.75 total advance today 10:30 ET. Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 70.12 Stock hit a High of 70.12 and 68.42 Low wit 
 MDCL-Blue-chip-Marijuana-reversing hard-  2.18 to  2.50  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS… 
Aloe-free Aloe Vera; now with 100% less Aloe by  lydiamulvany  ZekeFaux  Walmart  CVS  TGT
10:45 ET Volume Leader  67 - Walmart 3,035,986 Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 70.20 +0.83 +1.20% High today of 70.42 day low 
Commented on StockTwits:  Walmart giving the 50sma another run for its money. 
Cyber Monday is soooo last year.  It's now Cyber (Black) Friday...  Walmart  shoppingonline
Wal-Mart Stores downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to sell.  Walmart  Walmart
 selecttrades got back in  TGT (at almost 52w low) and  AMZN on the pullbacks...rollin'!  Walmart falling like their rollbacks :)
 Walmart The shopping experience is bad to say the least. Tomorrow if it trades < 69.73 Sell short with a target at 69.04 . Stop 70.42.
 DIS   Walmart   WTI  

The best trade ideas, in real-time - 


Commented on StockTwits: not sure, last post I saw from Blue on  Walmart was Nov 9. 
 WFC   DIS   Walmart  

Next-Generation Stock Selection Tool - 
Business LOTP update: FoxBusiness: What are Costco and SamsClub doing for  BlackFriday?  COST  Walmart   busniess  news
What are  Costco and  SamsClub doing for  BlackFriday?  COST  Walmart  
 DIS   Walmart   WTI  

Find the best stocks to trade - 
 Walmart Walmart is using a  blockchain co-developed by  IBM to make tracking down contaminated food 


Brokers Offer Predictions for Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings  Walmart 
 DIS   Walmart   WTI  

Fantastic tool for finding stocks to trade - 
Commented on StockTwits: fwiw 50dma just repelled  Walmart, this time & for... 
 DIS   Walmart   WTI  

Simply the best tool available for day traders - 
Walmart Gapped up +0.28  Walmart Last Price 70.03 Day High 70.03 Day Low 69.73 Change +0.66 Volume 232,564 Today 46 st 
Margin improvement lights a candle in retail 
 DLTR,  BURL,  DSW,  CHS,  DG,  BIG,  OLLI,  AEO,  FIVE,  TGT,  Walmart
 Walmart Back over  70 the way nature intended. 
Dollar Tree: Future Performance Will Be Challenged  DG  KR  Walmart  DLTR
 DG 6% profit margin is one of the highest among major retail stores.  Walmart  TGT  DLTR  stocks  investing… 
 DIS   Walmart   WTI  

Seriously brilliant tool for traders, check it out - 

 DIS   Walmart   WTI  

The best tool for finding stocks to trade - 

 WFC   DIS   Walmart  

Great tool for finding stocks - 

Here's What Costco and Sam's Are Doing for Black Friday:  COST  Walmart
 Walmart   WTI   V  

Amazing tool for finding stock breakouts - 

 Walmart   WTI   V  

Great tool for finding stocks - 

 DIS   Walmart   WTI  

Algorithmic Buy/Sell Signals - 

 Walmart   WTI   V  

Day traders should really check this out - 

 Walmart   WTI   V  

Next-Generation Stock Selection Tool - 

 WFC   DIS   Walmart  

Amazing tool for finding stock breakouts - 

Technical alert-  MDCL - Marijuana-blue-chip- 50 day moving average  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB… 
 RATE  BBY  Walmart  M:

Do Shoppers Care About Black Friday Anymore?:


 Walmart   WTI   V  

Find the best stocks to trade - 

 Walmart   WTI   V  

Algorithmic Long/Short Signals - 

 COST  Walmart:

Here’s What Costco and Sam’s Are Doing for Black Friday:


 SNE  SONY  Xperia XZ : Another Solid Xperia  jimcramer  cnbc  wsj  BBY  Walmart  AMZN  NFLX… 
 Walmart   WTI   V  

If you day trade, this is a must have - 

 Walmart:

Who’s open on Thanksgiving? Your guide to Black Friday hours:


Wal-Mart Vs Home Depot: Only 1 Winner  Walmart  HD
Sam Walton: Made In America by Sam Walton:  Walmart  COST  SHLD  walmart
 Walmart Pot. consolid in Uptrend LONGERTERM Wly-Dly-Hly combo chart  trading  stocks 
Market Update Video Analysis & Forecast on  Walmart &  FSLR by  APAZones with  Trading Zones for Week 21 Nov >>… 
The aloe vera gels many Americans buy contain no evidence of aloe vera at all via  business  Walmart  CVS  TKOSTOCKS
 Walmart Dollar stores have been expanding aggressively in recent years, taking market share from Wal-Mart Stores Inc
 Walmart (+0.2% pre) will offer  Cyber Monday deals starting  Black Friday via  Reuters
 Walmart Pot. pullback in Downtrend INTRAWEEK 60m-15m-4m combo chart  trading  stocks 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Given a  73.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Analysts 
 Walmart  NYSE  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Levels for Week 21 Nov >>… 
 DLTR  Walmart:

Dollar Tree’s profit beats estimates as merchandise costs fall:


Dollar Tree Proves That Walmart's Lower Prices Haven't Killed Its Business  DLTR  DG  Walmart   
Retail group approves Bangladesh factories as safety concerns persist, report finds  Walmart  TGT  GPS  supplychain
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart: Stay Calm And Be Patient:


 Cyber  Friday at  WalMart Pushes Holiday Shopping Boundaries.   Walmart  BlackFriday… 
Brokerages Set Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Target Price at  75.84 
Inc. (AMZN) Stock Will Be a Holiday 2016 Gold Mine  AMZN… 
 Walmart For Sears, Holidays Are Last Chance to Stay Intact 
The Little Book of Common Sense Investing:  Walmart  P&G  HD  SPY  BRK-A
Even upscale stores are battling for Black Friday business.  AMZN  COH  Walmart  eCommerce… 
 Walmart:

Obama Urged to Free Asylum-Seekers Before Trump Takes Office:


 Walmart in a bear trend. Should break  67 in coming days.
 Walmart:

Overtime-Pay Rule To Go Into Effect, but May Not Last:


Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart PT Set at  72.00 by RBC Capital Markets 
Telsey Advisory Group Lowers Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Price Target to  73.00 
100 Baggers: Stocks That Return 100-to-1 and How To Find Them:  Apple  MCD  Walmart  TSLA  MSFT  KO  HD  AMZN  IBM  GE
 WBoeing  CVS  Walmart:

No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS:


 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:1.21% Weekly:-1.59% YTD:15.62% Trend:18 / 100  
Will Black Friday Be A Turkey? Which Retail Stocks Are Standouts?  AMZN  M  TGT  Walmart  JWN  TJX  ROSTb
TheStreet Lowers Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart to Hold 
 Walmart AP Top Extended Financial Headlines at 2:11 a.m. EST 
 PSCT  PFBI  Walmart

Need more trade ideas? USE THIS! - 

Great fact

 BoeingBoeing  Walmart 
 *Free Trial* Stock trading strategy u don't need to be glued to a computer screen!!!!  KRE  BOOT  Walmart  C
 Walmart  AJG  ATHN

Next-Level tool for finding stocks to trade - 
 SIVBO  ASR  Walmart

Trade ideas in real-time - 

 Walmart   GWW   VNO  

Great tool for finding stocks - 

 WFC   DIS   Walmart  

Algorithmic Buy/Sell Signals - 

 Walmart   GWW   VNO  

The best tool for finding stocks to trade - 

 Walmart   GWW   VNO  

If you day trade, this is a must have - 

 BYD  Walmart  KCAP

The EASIEST way to find out stocks to buy! - 

Cyber Monday starts at the end of this Tweet. Right..... now.  Walmart 
 BSMX  Walmart  VTHR

Next-Level tool for finding stocks to trade - 
DallasBizNews: Why Walmart counts North Texas as a key market: (subscriber content)  Walmart
Why Walmart counts North Texas as a key market: (subscriber content)  Walmart
 Walmart  NTZ  PBHC

Great tool for finding stocks - 
 XOM  amzn  googl  AVGO  Apple  pfe  cvs  bac  td  Walmart  COST  WFC  jnj  GE  LLY  gild  utx  fb  v  JPM  dis  pg  mo… 
If you follow  PULM This is a must join site! ----> 
 EMG  Walmart  SQBG  HAL
Interesting ex. of how technology still eliminates jobs. And I didn't know  Walmart makes eyeglasses via  dallasnews
 Read my JBP review - following his stock alerts I made  50K !!  BBY  FSLR  Walmart  WNR
Nomura set Buy rating w/  81 Target on Wal-Mart  Walmart. 9 valuation models imply 13% upside 
