gucci vs walmart 
21 Things You Should Know Before Buying Your Groceries At Walmart 
And that was all cool till we had to get groceries at Walmart. Sunday grocery shopping is ROUGH. Never again, fam.
walmart giving out yellow stickers with smiley faces on them as you walk through the door 
 griffinmcelroy yo if i fight you in a walmart parking lot and win you have to give me this recipe. wednesday at 9pm. be there
Get the  sleep you deserve with Napz at  Walmart. Find the store nearest you here:  zzz… 
 megynkelly  TimOBrien Poor Megyn! Your days are numbered. I'll see you at the entrance to Walmart saying "Welcome'… 
Earlier today I went to Walmart got distracted and accidentally stole carmex so I just went back and payed for it ... I feel better now😊
 N3GatorFan I have never and will never set foot (or any other part of my body)
in a Walmart or even drive through… 
I was at Walmart and this guy passes me shopping for lipstick and he was like "Girl, you don't need no make up. You look good without it"
I found an Ohio car decal on clearance at Walmart I sniped so fast 
1. Why THE FUCK are you promoting your mistakes outside Walmart??
Walmart: *HIGHLY RATED* Fisher-Price Little People Big Animal Zoo ONLY  14.99 (Reg.  39.99) 
Enter to win a  50  walmart gift card  giveaway  contest  freethings  gumdrop 
Alright, after going to walmart really fast to get a new webcam, I'm ready to go. live in 5 
 UptownRome We have Walmart and corners but no stores on them 😂
Walmart Deals :: 7/16-7/27/17 
 Win  20 amazon, walmart or Paypal  DogdaysGiveaways  pamelamaynard  MDRsummerFun 
 2.94- 5.51 PROFIT buying Right Guard at CVS, Walmart or Target! 
Cryin at Walmart
 RobertReidSteve  jewscuzi  sean_spicier And what part of your argument has to do with "Made in America"?
I'm Norwe… 
 ACrazyShotgun  NintendoAmerica I guess I must have got lucky with mine. I'd try Walmart and Target on Friday Morni… 
This has been a PSA  walmart  cosplay  fabric  cosplayideas  gold 
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Smartphone Motorola Moto X Play XT1563 16GB de R  1584.88 por R  1124.96
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Sony Playstation 3 Super Slim 500 GB de R  1999.99 por R  1399.9
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Desert Eagle .44 Magnum Spring Pistol, Silver - 
 SamCarvalho  GameOfThrones I got mine at  Walmart.
 therogerbenton did u get those leggings from walmart bc i think i have them
How tf does this tweet have 3,000 favs? Sometimes people need to get shit from Walmart, that is not a romantic gest… 
I need to go to Walmart and pick up black poster board and blue Christmas lights
We just stocked the house from BJ's Publix and Walmart and we eating everythang
<5 min drive to walmart. ~25 min walk. I look like a turtle on the way home but grocery shopping is pretty much a workout.  pedestrian
This new Walmart hasn't even opened yet and it's already screwing up EVERYTHING
I've been sleep on the perfume section in Walmart
grown up things are boring.. you'll catch me and my boo cuddling and watching disney movies or at the park or playi… 
it was nice to walk outta walmart and hear christian music blaring instead of stupid rap.  jesuswinseverytime
I liked a  YouTube video Random Night In Walmart
if you need a good line-up, go to Walmart. No lie.
Just watched my coworker drink some Walmart tap water. I feel like that's not healthy. 🤔
 megatronn07 Who the fuck goes to Walmart willingly
I was in Walmart and the lady said that's not even your children huh?! I follow u on instagram lol
One of my fans spotted me at Walmart today 😂😂😂
Why do our people do this is Walmart? 
Just dropped a Benjamin on a bottle of barefoot at a Walmart in the hood so I might as well ask to get robbed
I hate going to Walmart but....
 Walmart instore pickup needs to get w it.  This is horrible.  Even cleaning lady hunting ppl down. 
i just walked in to walmart and there is so much school supplies. this is discrimination😂
 slimmcain at Walmart . They ain't fire me lucky me lol
What happened when Walmart left 
wanna join my free walmart giftcard giveaway?
back to school commercials? in the middle of july? Walmart selling backpacks? No thanks.
 AshleyBDZ "Dr. Where" will the endless adventures of getting separated in Walmart and Best Buy.
 MindIsSoRandom It's shocking the slogan "Walmart is for weirdos" hasn't made it into their ad campaigns.
i hate walmart customer service
 lurkontrinn inside Walmart ?
 TeamSabrina_ Walmart
this explains why i kept getting hit on today in walmart i was confused but it makes sense now lol😂 
Walmart had that lobster tank 
 Walmart HUGE PROB. BOUGHT a tv 2 days ago.Iwas given credit 4 sum items I returned,used cash75% cred25% , tv is not workin-need to exchange
"If you Walmart is full of a**holes, what do you think France is like?"  theranchnetflix with the quick one liners 😂😂  comicrelief
the mahogany driftwood candle that's like  5 at Walmart is a must have!! smells amazing!!
 uhzackary yuuhh we was at Walmart 🤘🏽😜
Joan Smalls Is Launching a Swimwear and Lingerie Line at Walmart 
 _BeautyKillsz  puurepoisonxo  hold up Adelanto, you just a new Walmart some years back why you shopping in my ghetto hood 😂😂
Just saw a dude walk into Walmart with a parrot on his shoulder like no big deal
 Walmart would have been faster to shop myself vs wait for online order pickup to go pull everything AFTER I arrive.  fail
Post Edited: A squeak in his bike chain turned into an eco-friendly lubricant sold in Walmart | Business 
you're 90's POINT GET  bitch walmart
2nd week in a row.  Walmart accelerates  BPA  into  bottledwater.  toxic for you & the  earth  poison… 
Walmart fucking gets me every time
 K_Lucas35 What happens when you take your drunk boyfriend in Walmart 😂 
I hate going to Walmart because nobody knows how to act and drive. But Walmart the only place that sells this specific item 😓
Never gave me shit besides issues and problems. I don't need you're Walmart self. I got a bomb ass girl so leave me tf alone
Walmart Uses AI To Enhance Shopping Experience  ecommerce  digital 
glamour_fashion: Joan Smalls Is Launching a Swimwear and Lingerie Line at Walmart 
It pisses me off when I'm at Walmart and Dom says high to someone and they just stare at him. WTF he's 1 quit being rude😒
I almost cried   Walmart bc I just saw the CUTEST dogs lmao
You know that smell when you open the doors to the milk at Walmart? Yeah that smell 
 liz_rainy guys I literally ran like an IDIOT in Walmart
Walmart having McDonalds in the store 
Need to hit Walmart but .....
Hey  HamillHimself  we r watching Slipstream 4 the 1st time  Hamill_Harem  IDreamOfHamill  FanHamillPage,found it o… 
Niggas get stressed out looking thru dat 5 dollar movie box   walmart when u dig through dat shit and dem movies keep falln bacc in ur way..
glamour_fashion: Joan Smalls Is Launching a Swimwear and Lingerie Line at Walmart …
 cvndywife he gets prepaid phones from Walmart
Walmart is in the running for worst customer service. Great prices though 😒
My dad said I could use his walmart card for school stuff and he's about to give it to me and he's like "safiyyah it done expired" LMFAO
Everyday low prices  Walmart 
 missalice569 Time for a Target (or Walmart, take your choice) run in the morning?
 luzzi_michael Mess up every Walmart in the world😂😂 Wish that was possible🤔
 ArliaMarie Parents needed to run to Walmart. I've got Allegra! Woohoo! I'm already sniffling and clearing my throat lol
Walmart Canada removes 'racist' onesie decorated with teepees that jokes about children living at home (cont) 
"wanna go to Walmart?"
"for what...."
"medicine for my toes" 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dunwoody, GA 
Bae: Come over 
Me: I can't I'm at Walmart 
Bae: My parents aren't home
Me: 
"Let's walk around Walmart" 
 CherryMaryyy Target! Probably Walmart too
Why can't tell if david attenborough falls asleep to see the mcdonald's inside a walmart.
Hey Walmart why does my deodorant all of a sudden cost 9.12??????
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Walmart has already set up their back-to-school aisle and for the first time I can remember THAT MEANS NOTHING TO MY LIFE  liberation
You cannot put in messenger. It blocked it for some reason.
We made it to Walton's 5&10!!! The very first  walmart in Arkansas.  arkansas  bentonville  walmart 
 Ieapyear I've literally bought all of mine from Walmart and they're pretty ok
 Danagardens  Walmart Really? That's interesting...thx!
We made it to Walton's 5&10!!! The very first walmart in Arkansas.  arkansas  bentonville… 
 ParisHilton Are you seriously that fucking stupid  ParisHilton or are you just that wealthy to not shop at a Walmart?
We always go to Walmart.
 bieryel  Walmart Take them to  mackriverpizza in Crestview. You could literally leave them on the bar there and no… 
 Ieapyear I got mine at Walmart lol but I've only washed it a couple time so far
 MinnieMarkup  dumbwislaw Repealing the Unfair Sales Act would give 0   to Walmart.  Residential property blight ha… 
putting a man on to Target or Walmart is an accomplishment for a woman.
Yeah Canadians let's just play basketball in the middle of the fucking Walmart parking lot..
lets go to walmart 
 __dreejay LMFAOOOOOOOO WALMART 😭😭‼️
 Walmart y'all over the phone customer service not good AT ALL😤
Have I mentioned how much I hate going to Walmart 🙃
Wasn't even half way done with my Starbucks and I fucking dropped it inside Walmart 😩
[Deals] Walmart has some preorder prices that are better than Best Buy's GCU via /r/xboxone  AximGaming  Axim  XBo…
If I ever hear his voice in Walmart I swear 😂😂 
PLEASE SOMEBODY COME RESCUE THIS BoeingBY BOY. They are outside of Walmart in Beaumont. 
They don't have my orange cake mix in Princeton or in Calais at Walmart or Tradewinds/Shop n Save, gotta come... 
I'll just go to Walmart tomorrow after work.
Trish! I love you but McCain is NOT a great man! He would be stocking shelves at WalMart if not for his father & gr… 
Because nothing says, "TOUCH ME," like a plain, white, cotton bra from Walmart.   Walmart… 
Let me find out my Walmart bae don't work at Walmart anymore.
I am so pissed right now!! I just went to Walmart for some stuff and at the checkout I dropped a  20 bill. The... 
me when i go into mental illness mode and disassociate in the middle of walmart 
Walmart have me pushin carts more than they have me at a register when im a cashier 🤦🏾‍♂️
So, who is the g.nius that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 thegabegaona Lmao yea I remember that, I also wanted to get a crab because I wanted to say I got crabs at Walmart😂
That One Time Taylor Swift Performed At Walmart

 HabMia walmart has a higher net worth than chanel, try again hunny.
 matthewbunz Keep that up, in two days you'll be ready for Walmart.
Made Groceries Walmart Showed Love.
Shopping carts need cup holders.  Target  Walmart  Publix  WholeFoods and any other shopping cart store
Weekly Grocery Haul | Walmart: via  YouTube
Why are these girls taking pictures in front of Walmart 😂
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Weekly Grocery Haul | Walmart
One of my favorite hobbies is acting a fool in Walmart
I always go in walmart for one thing and come out with the whole damn store
I remember going to Walmart and getting caught for shoplifting 
When you're grocery shopping at Walmart and all you can think about are those in Guatemala suffering in poverty, starving to death, ❤️ check
 sugamommaa aliexpress sis, the top was too small for my boobs so i got this one at walmart lol
Facial Recognition, Airports And Every WalMart near u.  Ty  dahboo7
Just washed my hair and ran into walmart for 5 mins just for it to be storming when I'm done 🙄
I can be in and out in Walmart in 5 minutes getting what I need but my mom can go in for one thing and take an hour
 Mcmuffinburger Walmart and Harris Teeter has banana pudding ice cream!
is this the walmart version of my   
Because I remember the guy at Walmart telling my mother I was too tall to be 5 but I'm real skinny underweighted
i couldn't even imagine being rich and privileged enough to not know what walmart is 
 thegabegaona WALMART😂 boy I'm Gucci
I hateeee going in Walmart 😩😩 now I have to get used to these down here 🙄🙄
So let me get this straight she spends  5 for a Walmart polish(really cheap btw)but your ass is jobless?! 🤦🏾‍♀️… 
Walmart shopper catches large snake in parking lot 
sorry we just said "we cant go to walmart for milk its too big" and my brother in law said "we eat a lot of cereal though!"
I checked in at Walmart on  Yelp 
This nigga wants to hotbox in the Walmart parking lot. What type of shit ☠️☠️☠️☠️
Walmart Kissimee, FL...you'd think a natural disaster was about to hit. 
 macyslane No Walmart for me plz
. JReidDraftScout Face of the Vikings Debate u highlighted is evident at local Kato Walmart w/their camp display that's out.Teddy prominent.
walmart having fish tanks 
Dang  Walmart &  Pillsbury the second can to bust in the same shopping trip. One at the store and found this one wh… 
.Meat at Walmart is so bad. I don't want to even admit i saw it. Meat at Walmart.  USDAFoodSafety  NIH  MeatProAust  
I hate walmart if you can't walk to get ur food, then no more food. That should be a rule
Walmart integrates AI to win shoppers, boost e-commerce via  SmartBrief
I liked a  YouTube video The WALMART MYSTERY - SOLVED - It's BIGGER than THOUGHT
Went to Walmart for thread and saw  bretmanrock thanks for saying I was cute even tho I look busted af 💕💕 ur cuter 💕 
Real question is..why is there a bud light can in the Walmart parking lot?   yallneedjesus 
 ryanvaughan please retweet.
THANK YOU to the kind soul who turned in my husband's wallet at Parker Rd. Walmart! 
God Bless You!
 jetsnigga_ Walmart my nig
A mere 20 days short of reaching his 20-year milestone of employment as a Walmart cashier, Frank Swanson was... 
I'm at  Walmart in Pearl City, HI 
 5 on clearance at Walmart.  LOL.  I think he just wanted to make me laugh.  It worked!
No more meat from Walmart !!  via  youtube
& mcdonald's being inside walmart with the bench where you could sit next to ronald 😩 
So, I am so super excited that I used the  Walmart Grocery App!! Cannot wait to pick it up after work tomorrow!! It's so easy!!
 Fe_ChelleObama  __jayykayy Yes! They work fast too! Got em Walmart
Went to Walmart for a planner and walked out with treats for Gus Gus
*Clearing a bloody path through Walmart with a scimitar*? In a Margarita? What is this, Auschwitz?  CardsAgainstHumanity
This is what I think about when I'm stocking ranch dressings at Walmart It's how I retain my bit of sanity.
 Edlinklover OH OKAY GOOD imagine spirit, in walmart, squatting in front of letter blocks, while point takes a photoHHHH
 hippienpearls Just bought you a punch bag in Walmart "))
 Walmart how do you carry hair glue but not hair bleach? Like real hair bleach. Clairol?
 EEdgarMMartinez  Mistergloworm everyone just buys crates from the local walmart no one makes them
pulled a robinson cano 14/50 from stadium club walmart blaster 
Here In Your Arms by Hellogoodbye is playing in Walmart and I'm about cry today is so emotional I'm so emo
Walmart smiley face stickers 😅 
I am so mad right now. I went to Walmart for some stuff & at the checkout I dropped a  20 dollar bill. The woman... 
 __jayykayy I get the equate shakes from Walmart ! Replace two of your meals with those a day and you'll shake 6-8 pounds in two weeks
 Kendra_Brooke16 Come to my room, then go to Walmart w me pls
 Funk0Fun I have the complete set of those from  Walmart
 destinydiam I thought it was only a twitter thing until I started working at Walmart & lemme tell you I was shook
Scotch Expressions Tape Just  0.63 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Scotch Expressions ... 
FREE Curad Bandages PLUS Moneymaker At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** FREE Curad Bandages ... 
 villainity  hamsterwatch I think they bought this furniture at Walmart
Somebody come save me from Walmart right now 🙄😩
Seeing  nobrown22 was worth the trip to Walmart!!!!
u haven't lived a fun life until u run into stone guys in Walmart that just talk to u about how there's an aisle dedicated to peanut butter
 frankwduck You can get them both at Walmart?
WalMart Beauty Box Summer 2017 Reveal! 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist WALMART BEAUTY BOX SUMMER 2017 | Sassy Critic Beauty
the lines at walmart are disgusting. sometimes all you want to get is one or two items, but the lines are few and full of people
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  CricketRewards Download today!  
EMA: Fire set to aisle in Clarke County Walmart; juvenile arrested 
had all three and went to the walmart in spring to do a meet and greet when they first came out . BoeingM !!!! 
Me & my 6yo watched the reveal video in the middle of a Walmart. We both had the same reaction haha  DoctorWho13 
I need to be as rich as Paris Hilton bc this girl literally asked "what is walmart?" .. "does it sell like wall stuff?" 💀
 bklear1970  didekaichandler I've seen them at Canadian Tire and at Walmart before!
Pete the Cat fabric at Walmart. Yes! 
 gk_jacob HE WAS 31 AND OKAY HAVING SEX WITH A 15 YEAR OLD IN WALMART
 harrod_susan  Walmart The vinegar got too hot is the reason this happens
Everyone uses Walmart's online service! 
 m94877824  m94877824 We want to be of help to you but we need some more details. Can you share them here or at… 
this lady walked up to a Walmart associate and said " what's 3/6?" 😭😭😭😭😭 I hate people.
Walmart now sells fidget cubes as well as spinners. 
Just cause you're fat doesn't mean you should get to ride the carts at Walmart.
On a scale to 1-10, how weird would it be for me to go to Walmart and buy a cookie cake (for myself...and only myself)? 😅
They Moving Super Slow At Walmart
Would it be frowned upon if I go buy a cake at Walmart? 😂
Dude in Walmart told me I was an asshole 😭. People are so rude these days.
i went all the way to Walmart to get ONE thing and they didn't even have it. frick my life
 kiwicurIy  etherealouiss Predictions with walmart. 👏👌
I hate Walmart
 MIAFestival  wizkidayo  Budweiser 😊 America is Great! Boycott WalMart who sells cheap China products NOT made N Am… 
 Aaryn_Williams I grocery shop at Walmart and it's still always over 200 bucks 😂 but I'm pregnant soooo let's just… 
I think this rotisserie chicken from Walmart got my stomach hurting 😓
Chanel vs Walmart 
 DariusBrasher I would venture that they looked at you like a weirdo because you're not a weirdo, but you were at W… 
EVERY time i go to walmart despacito is on
The back to school supplies & shit at Walmart got me sick 🤦🏾‍♂️
 2.94- 5.51 PROFIT buying Right Guard at CVS, Walmart or Target!  coupon
 Walmart JUST KIDDING ZOE I AM A VEGAN
I asked my baby sis if she wanted to go to Walmart w me and she says "I'd go anywhere boring with you... even the bank" 😭💓
 FROlicious09 Shoprite , super fresh , Walmart of course , corner stores
 ThisWeekABC  SenatorCollins  Walmart had a great inexpensive plans that its employees loved, pre- ACA.

Not everyo… 
I bought dish washing detergent at Ace Hardware to avoid going to Walmart. Or the grocery store.
i'm going to walmart and probably jack off in the shoes isle or something
 WWESuperCard is there a store where i can buy super tokens or cards from like Walmart or target at my local Gamestop don't have any
Somebody thought I worked at petsmart with my walmart polo on 😭😭😭
I needa go to walmart😂
If you don't think about killing people while shopping at Walmart, you're doing it wrong.
 Walmart window shopping  
 vangachnang *stares down POC in walmart parking lot while blasting DMX from their truck*
 My New Gourmet Sofrito Verde available at Walmart
I just wanna let y'all know I don't fell in Walmart and whoever watching the cameras got them a good lil laugh 😂😂
I just entered to win  15 PayPal Cash! Open WW or a  15 Walmart GC US Only  giveaway  BeckyWillis 
 DJPlqyz depends on what Walmart you're at tbh
Thank you  Walmart for being the lead sponsor of  Elite7on7 once again. Fitting that  BentonvilleFB wins it again. 
I will have to buy another bottle this one is going in the car. Love to use it after pumping gas  PURELL,  GotItFree and available  Walmart.
Walmart TV, 'Hunger Is Closer Than You Think' 
 dp_diamond Jc penny, ummm Macy, Walmart, they have different websites 🤷🏾‍♀️
Dude ppl who steal shit are really low no matter what

Unless it's WalMart
If you know me you know that this is an every time thing when I go to Walmart. Life is always good:) 
7-Piece Ergonomic Stainless Steel Garden Tool Set w/Heavy Duty Metal Stool and Detachable Tool Bag  12.62 w/PD  …… 
A cashier  Walmart refused to sell my father beer because I am not 21 years of age....Me not him...how does this make sense?!!!
 bitstein  desantis WALMART!!!!
 Doublecup_luvv All I know is shoprite , superfresh  walmart and food lion
Welcome to Walmart 
Keep telling me that spanking my children is abuse 😂🤷🏻‍♂️ I won't raise a screamer in Walmart, you will tho
 ABC7NY  FCUK They are working with  cvspharmacy  Walgreens NOW working with  Walmart  TargetStyle 
 Delta  AnnCoulter You can go buy one of your books! Or 30...as they're likely in the dollar bin at the Walmart.
Went to Walmart with misty 😊 
 andrhamm  eherot  BostonBTD  CityOfBoston And broadly applicable, especially if you get a roll of tape. 
Win A  25 Walmart GC In The Scream for Ice Cream Giveaway Hop Ends 7/31 
I remeber wanting to go to walmart just to see the lobsters 
Dad: "If you ever need to know what's hip just come to Walmart. Flip flops and black socks. That's the style."
today i was in walmart and there were these two guys that i just kept running into in the 20 mins i was there😅 LOL
 bitstein  desantis Got em in the local Walmart. Very pricey even for Walmart. I love em they are really good 😊
 AliciaFritz34 Go to Walmart they have a mermaid one Cali loves her 
I hate going to Walmart alone.
Your WCW pretends not to know what Walmart is because she's rich 
Walmart TV, 'Meet Kendra   Fight Hunger  Spark Change' 
You are not that rich to not know what Walmart is. 🙄 
dissociating in the hardware section of a rural walmart at 3am like if you agree
If you could have one, which one would you choose?

Try Walmart Grocery Pick Up Service today by clicking here:... 
 LosPollosTV walmart rage    
 MTVGrabowski  MTVGrabowski Please speak to a manager about your request or ask our online feedback team to help at… 
I've been in Keene less than a day and I've already been to Walmart 4 times
Whenever I make the mistake of going into Walmart, I realize I don't have enough tattoos and too many teeth to be there.
Alright you guys vote on my Walmart discount bin buy tonight. Note: Mad Max or The Counjuring replace existing DVDs.
 mynamesdiana Okayyy sis! Most these niggas be wearing a designer belt/shirt with some walmart jeans and Jordan's t… 
Your wcw skateboards in Walmart. It's me. I'm your wcw. 
 pizzahut And > 2 hrs later still heard NOTHING! Tempted to go pickup my  Walmart order & come walk into your store… 
Chanel vs Walmart
 GoTs7 
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Voodeedooo: walmart lol 

 JakeDufnerRP  mikeymanfs FUCK Walmart 😂😂 
Police rescued a 5-month-old baby from a hot car, then arrested her mother in the Walmart checkout line. 
I want some blackout curtains I'm gone go to Walmart tomorrow
 maddyparker_ It's all about the try not to laugh videos, or the people of Walmart 😂
i need somebody to go with me to target and walmart 🙄
Check out this  Walmart commercial that is going viral! 
 Golden7w7_ Nigga I'm at Walmart
Just left Walmart. Everyone there looked to be a complete weirdo. Makes me wonder if I too am a weirdo.
 RepAdamSchiff Walmart White House sale. XD
 CollectingDad  4LOMKUSS  JediScavengerSW  MayTheFunkoBWY  JediBusiness  yak_face  sandcrawlercast  Yodasnews… 
I was just singing jingle bells in Walmart 😭 
I don't remember Walmart ever having lobster tanks 😕
Avril Lavigne - I Can Do Better   Live at Walmart Soundcheck 20/04/2007 
 mintyhoneyy !!!! Are these the ones from Walmart? 👀
Only  walmart. An employee ask us where he can find something.
Mezcal w/Mom, Gram, & Gramps. Followed by Walmart w/Mom & Gram. Followed by crosswords & cleaning out closets w/Gram!😆❤️  ProductiveSunday👍🏼
Who needs a campfire when you can get all the s'more taste from the freezer  WhyIPie,  GotItFree,  OwnTheOccasion,  EdwardsDesserts  Walmart
Am I the only one who didn't know Walmart sold raybans?! Like... wut. 
Thank you local Walmart. After a month on the shelf I figured why not?  mtg  edh  cmdr  mtgfinance 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart haul
that Walmart, the loss of which he laments, is for the enormous majority, a mere training to act as a photo 👋🏻
Omg left all my goodies at Walmart 😤😤😤
 walmarthelp I sent my local Walmart , oneida a letter & they haven't responded?
 MaggieWiegandd I forgot all about this but Walmart  used to have a tank with live lobsters in it by seafood section
THIS BITCH DONT KNOW WHAT WALMART IS?!? WHAT. DOES SHE NOT LIVE OR SOMETHING?!  WalmartIsLife 
The walmart in Galveston so aggravating
free videos of women having sex at walmart www hot sexy t girl sex 
Shit happened yesterday at my sisters Walmart she demanded "compensation" for the time she spent and they paid her
 Reinharted4life "someone who runs Walmart's social media said today"
There are contracts, legalese that might be i… 
Naked man shops at Walmart! * And 12 more true weird news stories!  DDWN • Marlar House Productions 
i just saw  KianaGaona at walmart and she gave me a compliment so i'm happy 😊❤️
Don't ask how I came to know it but Walmart's pre-made roast beef sandwich is crazy good 
Can't help but to think of Forever when I hear this song!  SaveForever  
I am so unapologetically Sanford today. Unbrushed hair, no bra, lounge pants with "Borgata" across the butt. Ate at… 
Picked up the new whip today after hitting the 4 for  4 at  Wendys on my way to get some cut-off  jordachejeans at… 
Y'all some lady at Walmart had to wait forever in line and forgot her bags and had to come back she complained really hard and she got 25 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cabot, AR 
It's the person you're smiling about while you pass through the lube & condoms section in Walmart.
this guy at walmart was so cute & it made him look even more cuter helping me find what I needed 😭😩
Life hack fake a seizure to avoid getting arrested for cutting in line at Walmart
I'm about to be 20 years old and I still have to ask permission to even go to Walmart
Does Walmart sell hair bleach 👀👀
 Evin_DiCiero11 Walmart misses their best cart collector hahahhaha
So I just saw my first back to school commercial from Walmart.
 Rentytheline  Rentytheline The best place to seek help on an order is our online Help Desk at… 
Just walking around Walmart
 ElliotMcEvoy917  cfm_miku_en Got mine at Walmart lmao
Going in to a Walmart after the gym makes me feel like I make the place what it is
Insomnia - Save money💤💤 Sleep Better with the MATTRESS HELPER- FREE 2 Day Shipping 🇺🇸 
Don't underestimate lesbians' ability to detect each other in walmart
When you go to Walmart and all the school supplies stuff is out 🤦🏾‍♂️
I kinda wanna go get some co2 cartridges from walmart and shoot bottles n signs for the rest of the night like a hillbilly
I H8 WALMART 
If you thought the people at Walmart were bad, try going to ghetto Russ'... Woof, talk about a confidence boost.
Breaking my neck playin video games at Walmart 
 AnnCoulter  Delta If you want special treatment don't fly commercial. This is like complaining someone stole your parking place at Walmart.
So I  just went to Walmart to get a few things.  At the express checkout, I dropped a  20. This lady in front of... 
 NicolePauline17  jules_su  realDonaldTrump  USGA  EricTrump Hire anyone who's here legally. I have an American Tru… 
 DolikeDrew  OG_Stuff Hello??? Uh you in Walmart you need to be at that application kiosk instead of following her.… 
think i gotta make that trip to walmart.
 TouchedByAnOgre  AllmericanMayes No Thanksgiving is in November Christmas is in December the tree goes up in Decem… 
 mikeymanfs Walmart shenanigans
 roughtradeX By the Gods I hate Walmart.
 Reinharted4life So the rights might belong to Walmart or the ad agency that had it recorded for the Walmart campaign
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART 2017 ⚠ DRUG INDUCED BEEF 'LSD' 💊 MEAT MARKET EXPOSED
i was brushing my edges w a toothbrush and my mom saw me and started screaming at me now we're going to walmart to buy a hairbrush
waltzing into walmart with a styrofoam cup of change without shame
SOMEONE JUST  WALKED UP TO ME ASKED ME IF I WORKED HERE (WALMART) WHY AM I GETTING THIS TODAY. SOMEONE DID THE SAME THING AT THE MALL TOO
 KelleyTori  thehill  POTUS Walmart can't afford to produce in US they've tried. Only on small scale. Their shareho… 
 WholeyCheese I love your Gouda flavor but it's hard to find except at Walmart.
Guess I'll hit Walmart clock in the a.m.
This? This.
 nolanolegal  CUBOSCO
 Reinharted4life It might not be up to Haley to release, according to this, it was recorded specifically for this c… 
WHY DID THE WALMART CASHIER BoeingG EVERYTHING 3 TIMES
You spelled Walmart, not 'wallmart'. Yet you're still forming idk. 
They's DRAMA in the Walmart!!
 hellokayyla looks like she was born in a Walmart bathroom
you talked to me at walmart ☺️ 
 WORLDSTAR this Walmart employee is pissed at this one guy for taking a piss in the bathroom when she is supposed t… 
 All_Day_Enchore  Washington Walmart? got me too dude. email them and you'll get a free coupon 😉 
Memo to the three 20somethings riding around Walmart in the power chair and beeping the horn:
 NOTCOOL  NOTCUTE
You probably buy all your shit from Walmart  (China ). 
Jill Ferguson, KaraVedder, AlexFernbach, Walgreens, Walmart Corproations, are in Ohio Tayeh
NYPD, DEA, DHS, NSA, DO… 
Y'all I saw BTS on j-14's magazine this weekend in a local Walmart (a thread) 
I rather die then walk into crestview walmart
 HEB Please fix it. I bailed and went to Walmart but they only have half of what I need so I guess I'll be back later in the week
Shout out to the creep at Walmart 🖕🏻
 Bedhead_ Can we use a picture of a male model instead? You know one from a walmart picture frame?😎
 NegikunArt Sad thing is, it's 2/ 5 at Walmart, but she likes to shop at this more expensive store lol. Makes no sense :V
Was going to Walmart but caught a attitude so I'm going home.
open some more registers  walmart
 SenJohnMcCain  MayoClinic .Good for you. I wish you well. Now imagine that you worked for Walmart and had no insurance.
well, that would go to explain Walmart People. 🤔 
Bout to go stalk my Walmart bae. 😍😍😍
First time in a min a good looking guy flirts with me at Walmart..it's always some ugly🙄
I just found gone with the wind in the 5 dollar movie barrel at Walmart no I'm not lucky I'm blessed yes
got hit on creepily in walmart, and now have to endure my neighbors throwing their furniture off their balcony, as they move out  apt  wtf
Walmart Run N Im Done
My mama woke me up to go to Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️and I was sleeping so good 😐.
 haganechin  franglophonic Was it this one?

 _DopeLolo  JStu242 Found these at Walmart! 😉 
Trying to avoid this one specific Walmart because of this one guy but they want to go to this other one.
If you need some body repair done for a cheap price call Vince 480-495-5766. He just got my truck looking brand new in a walmart parking lot
Finna Go To Walmart 😄 This My Favorite Store 😂
 tacobell I bought taco bell mild sauce from walmart and got salsa instead 😐
Walmart 
Had To Come Way To Walmart For This Juice
Walmart with the blue bag and yellow smiley face 
 Walmart getting stuff cuz we need it  
So I left Walmart with 3 extra items lol not bad
How do Walmart employees sleep at night knowing they put Back to School stuff out in mid July?
Walmart: 70ct Wirebound Notebook, Wide Ruled Only  0.25 
When the self-checkout lanes at Walmart are all closed.  IntrovertProblems
 BofffaDeezNuts Besides Walmart to Walmart, I kind of know how it works
I knew these must exist.


Walmart it is ..
[Deals] Walmart has some preorder prices that are better than Best Buy's GCU via /r/xboxone 
 BofffaDeezNuts Walmart to Walmart too 😂😂 I've never done any of that though so idk how it works
 X_MiaBiaa_ Did you say baking?! Question: What is that delicious smell? And will there be enough left for us? 😹 -Zoe
Susie's Reviews and Giveaways: Win a  25 Walmart Gift Card In The Scream for Ice ... 
Yuck. A company yhat treats it's employees like shit with megalomaniac tendencies. We hate WalMart but Amazon is oh… 
someone left open photos of butts on one of the tablets at walmart 😂
 _JordvnnnB It's a lot better than Walmart 🙄
in walmart lookin like i got dressed in the dark .
And finally beginning a nose job! Ugh, I loathe chrome trim! :/   Walmart Lake Saint Louis 
Best thing to ever come from Walmart 
I want to shop at this Walmart. 
Now I'm completely annoyed and hungry. Shoutout to  Walmart for employing imbeciles
 Kissinginstarss all the ones i use (literally like i have 6 of them) ive boughten at walmart
Why does Walmart even have 30 rows of parking spaces, knowing these people will drive around for an hour looking for one at the front
McDonald's in Walmart 
At least go to Walmart and get you some boots.. Like some pple i kno 
Lowest Price/Pound of the Year: Kingsford Original 2/15lb Twin-Paks now  7.88 at Walmart. Sale runs 7/16-7/27/17. A… 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Mobile, AL 
Walmart Does NOT Want  YOU See This video America via  YouTube
 gogreen18  Some_BlackGuy  realbuntyking  JeffHollandaise  KisaraVera Combs are like fifty cents at Walmart.
 nypost Walmart
  Walmart let me go home already 
Poor Walmart we just had 5 people go into the bathrooms and shit 😂😂😂😂😂
Y'all know she probably hangs out with the Walmart heirs/heiresses.  Couldn't fool me, P. 
went walking today, plus I walked around Walmart & I went swimming & did a million squats . Im on a mission to get Zion out 😭😭
THIS BITCH LEFT HER BoeingBY IN THE CAR IN WALMART PARKING LOT 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 FUSSING ON THE PHONE WIT A NIGGA
I swear Susan if you ask me where the pants are at Walmart I will fight you.
I purchased WalMart 4 pack TP .89 cents ! BUTT, then I like to spend in other sectors. 
The queen of picking the absolute worst time to come to Walmart strikes again.
 Team10official is the Walmart brand O2L
Seriously!? I got carded at Walmart because I bought a whistle. I had to prove I wasn’t 16... what the heck!? A whistle!!!
oh my gosh the lobster tank made the many trips to Walmart so fun😭😭 
 erinn_rusak I got a loaf from Walmart for  1 I think it molded that night
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Stockton, CA 
Since 2011, there have been at least 4 incidents of people cooking meth inside of a Walmart.
Walmart is a fucking mad house oh my fucking god .
Thank you  Walmart for offering online grocery shopping & curbside pickup. Quick & convenient.  Great customer serv… 
Bruh, I go to Walmart looking hella busted 🙄😂
 WhosChaos at walmart, thought of you 
I need to start bringing a list and sticking to it at Walmart lol
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
Perfect. Fluttershy glow in the dark walmart exclusive my little pony   funkopop 
The Walmart in FarmVille having a McDonald's in it 
Me: Walmart has some decent clothe options that actually look cute
Also me: yoU EXPECT ME TO WEAR WaLmaRT CLotHEs???what am I? a PEASANT???
McDonald's in the Martinsville Walmart 
Fairly certain the 7th circle of hell is  Walmart on a Sunday...  whyareALLofyourchildrenhere  mustgetPrimeFresh
My mom is so disrespectful. Like she wants me to go to Walmart. For lettuce. After I took my damn bra off.
At Walmart having existential thoughts
Today I remembered why I don't buy CDs from  Walmart anymore. I don't want the edited cut. I want the real shit. 
Told Dremier he getting his school shoes from Walmart cause his feet too big 😂😂😂
 ccbvb I smiled at a old man one time at Walmart and he smiled back and had a gold grill😂😂😂
The physical copy of  RoadLessTraveled the movie starring  Lauren_Alaina is now available for preorder with Walmart… 
 BungieHelp I know things are probably busy atm, but I contacted  Walmart about my PS4 CE Order and was told "no beta code 4u" why is it so?
Walmart giving out smiley face stickers & free sugar cookies at the bakery 
 justasmolgrape I got mine at Walmart. I dont know where else u can get them
You welcome darpa in Ohio & you're now objecting to the new york city they created with McDonalds  McDonalds  Walmart  cvspharmacy
DONTSHOP
Fisher-Price Little People Big Animal Zoo Just  14.99 via Couponing to Disney - ... 
Tell me why I'm in the FLOOR IN WALMART TRYINF NOT TO HURL ON THE CLOCK why is my body so dramatic
Not sure why Walmart has no zucchini or squash, but I'm about cry. Thanks for pushin me over the edge today Wally World.
Would you work for a Walmart Affiliate Business? Over 90,000 are! Please  retweet   free
 _yuurionice i just go to the 99 cent store or walmart/target lol
 nemophilisst What I'm saying.. Pepsi is like the Walmart brand of coke
 __ac11 I don't get how you can tell this to someone who lost his job in 08 and ended up at Walmart working poverty wages
Bih

We were in Walmart today and they had the WW funko figurines and they only had Steve and Hippolyta, lmao not one WW or Diana 😂😩
Really guys I was walking out of the walmart minding my own business and I look up and this little 14-15 year old thinks she is so cute and
Scotch Expressions Tape Just  0.63 At Walmart! 
 audreyservilio Walmart 💁🏻
Idk how Walmart will ever outlive Rural King in this town
Almost got hit by a car in Walmart parking lot. Thank god I was wearing crocs for extra grip and stability.  truestory
MT  kandi_marsh: Walmart sale rack had this green fabric! It was fate! This teacher is making green screen happen.. 
I'm a Very Knowledgeable Food Person who went to culinary school and stuff and Walmart rotisserie chicken might be my actual favorite food
 sladewilson I saw season 1 and 5 of the A-Team  15 each at Walmart if they was  10 I would have bought them
 MGbalenchey It's always exciting to get new stuff for school. Are you all geared up to start the new year? 🏫 -Zoe
 _Murdahewrote Thought you was in Walmart or summn
Must be nice to be so rich you don't even know what walmart is 
Mimi talm bout I can't take you nowhere 😂😂😭😂😂 I knocked Walmart whole shelf over
 jacksfilms look at this gem I found at Walmart. Any thoughts? 
I hate that marsh closed because im not trying to drive all the way to Walmart for a loaf of bread.
 ThatFaeGoat Wait, like a Walmart greeter? Few things are that fun... Like stepping on a lego.
Dare to mess up your paper towel shipment to Walmart, and it'll cost you. 
 SativaAvitas Hell no. I'm like a Walmart Ice Cream Sandwich. I NEVER MELT...lmfao
Wow that's crazy I can get those same shoes at Walmart. I can get 6 pairs of em to. Look at God 
What is Walmart, do they sell like wall stuff?
Walmart fire in California set by customer, police say via the  FoxNews Android app
Walmart Account Manager - Kayser-Roth Corporation - Greensboro, NC: Throughout development… 
just saw mom aka ms i & bill in Walmart & almost cried so that's how my post-high school life is going
Hate going to Walmart during the day 😑
A trip to Walmart or a trip to a different state, both can be an adventure ☺️
My main reason to go to Walmart today was for contact solution and hangers. I came home with neither 🤦🏻‍♀️
As soon as I come in to Walmart I want to start swinging on people. Anxiety at its finest because who actually LIKES going to Walmart???
 Okbabyyt And y'all were at Walmart too😭😭😭😭😭  Okbabyyt  Okbabyyt  FML 😭😭😭😭where were you guys heading to???????
Walmart on the daily 
Walmart - July 16 - 27 

Go Here -->>   
Walmart - July 16 - 27 -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
Walmart parking lot is too crowded so I left 💀
14 Items That Are Always Cheaper at Walmart  Money 
 rodgerobley Mmmmm...Marshmallow Mateys! You sure know how to pick your cereal, Rodger! 🥄 -Zoe
How Utilities Can Follow Volvo, Walmart Model: Only Offer the More Sustainable Option Great article,  sheltongrp
She stay at Walmart 😂 
you're DISGUST likes vibes RESTRAINING walmart trying
You can never go in walmart and just buy one thing. I try to stay away from Wally World.
 RatchetRasha  Walmart Straight up
Walmart is so busy today 😩
Lol these mfrs in Walmart don't know how to do security. They make it to obvious lol while I got a whole uncashed check lol stoop
NOTE to Walmart Owners! 
 garykdean Link up at Walmart g hahaha
  the weak ass little girl I've never seen in my life who flipped me off for no reason from her car at walmart 1) fix your eyebrows
 rgoodwiniv  rgoodwiniv Have you had a chance to talk with a manager about this situation? Also you can post detail… 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
 _alliepooo  MorganThom38 Walmart has Sunday wine sales lol
I can never seem to go in walmart without spending a bill 😒
Your  MCM gone propose to you with one of these  8.88 rings from Walmart 
3rd time at Walmart since we've been on vacation 🤙🏼
Wow, 18 eggs for 70 cents at Walmart!
My ass really needs to get up and go to Walmart
Why is the capital of France asking about what Walmart is? 
 elonmusk UBI is nothing new and will create a Walmart looking wasteland
 BestBuySupport I prefer buying from Best Buy, but Walmart is closer.
Walmart Does NOT Want YOU See This video America 
You know summer is coming to an end when Walmart brings out the school supplies
Matter fact I'ma make an appointment for Tuesday some time cause I wanna do it in Walmart.
Show your age with one statement
Walmart having a lobster tank...

Show your age with one statement
Walmart having a lobster tank
Of all places to drop my phone in the toilet, it had to be Walmart. 😷
 capronfunk HIDE AND SEEK AT WALMART???
 Walmart  Coupon Deals: Week of 7/16 - -  Couponing  Coupons  WalmartCouponDealsWeekOf716… 
 Walmart  I'LL ONLY BE SHOPPING AT TARGET FROM NOW ON, AT LEAST THEY HAVE AIR CONDITIONING!!! TURN THE AC ON IN YOUR FALMOUTH ME STORE!
 kathygriffin go to walmart.  They are having a sale on class, and you can apply for a job.
 influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
At  Walmart to replace these with some Olay fabness. Lots of rollback deals, g… 
 spellboundshawn Walmart
Mini car haul: Walmart, big store, big lots.: via  YouTube
Hot dad alert at Walmart 😍🔥🚨
 kinglopez_20 roberto your like a 55 overall just leave🤦🏻‍♂️probably can't even connect with yo walmart ass wifi
 kingzay56 Walmart wit dukes
Chris has been in Walmart for 40 minutes you think he okay?
Win 1 of 45  100 Walmart Gift Card  EckrichFlavor  Sweepstakes (7/11 to 8/18) 
Kills 99.99% of illness-causing germs so less cooties being passed around my house  PURELL  GotItFree  Walmart on soap asiel
How are these walmart employees gonna tell me my pick up order is in the electronics department when Im literally i… 
In Walmart desperately searching for a modern equivalent to the WWE ice cream bars
Here's a question for  Walmart, if I leave your store and don't buy the TV or other  200 in merch because the line are long, good staffing?
 REALGUCCl Wait I was at walmart today
*Enters hometown Walmart* 
Dude: "Is that you Meagan?"
Me: *has no clue who he is*
 xo_annas Walmart, forever 21, or target
 marducey  CNN That is worse than when people write, "I went to Walmart's".
 pourme  KyleLarsonRacin  Target I'll take  Target over  Walmart any day lol
I need to go Walmart .
You want what??  NopeNotToday | Another good one from Wally World ( walmart ) |  Tshirt… 
 bianncarraines 

Fruit/Vegetable Slicer - 
 WIN  100 Walmart gift card!!   EckrichFlavor  Sweepstakes (7/11 to 8/18) 
I hate Walmart. Got all these fuckin lanes but only four open.
Deltran Battery Plus Charger 1 Bank 12V True Gel Cell - 
 GeorgiaDirtRoad  VickieBov  Walmart Now that's patriotic
 ParisHilton That was a hilarious show with you and Nicole- you fell in love with Walmart-maybe because it was the… 
Vacation: when you have to run to Walmart at 7 at night bc your kid is out of diapers
People who like mcdonald ice cream and machine be broke shit the fuck up walmart sell ice cream damnnnn
Walmart lines long asf ‼️ and plus a fight broke out rn 🤦🏾‍♀️
Walmart adventure pt2 
2X sanitizing strength of PURELL keeping the kiddos in school this year  PURELL  GotItFree  Walmart
Why everybody go to Walmart after church ?
What's Walmart? Do they sell wall stuff there?? 
I dropped tf out my phone in Walmart man 💀💀
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oceanside, CA 
im at Walmart leeching wifi lmao
The answer is Walmart, they were all at the Walmart 
I Wasn't At Walmart Today, Sorry :/ 
 bianncarraines 

This one is bigger than the one you got - 15'' x 20'' Cutting Board - 
I'm   Walmart w my grandma and I have to keep an eye on her cause she leave me 😭😭😂
hey if youre itchin to get some Looks just head to your local walmart at 5pm and buy only women's clothes and fiber sources. i can vouch
  Walmart Marine Battery Switch Pv21252   
Omg I just seen ms.sanchez at walmart 😊
It's so cute when guys are like "will you come to Walmart with me I need to get something real quick" like yes omg that makes me so happy
I had the nicest cashier at Walmart today. It’s amazing how contagious positivity is! Still smiling after loading my car in 95 degree heat👏🏼
Thank you to everyone who supported RVXC today at Walmart! It takes a village...!
Hey lying  POTUS you can't even keep minimum wage  Walmart jobs here - sad 
Fatburger + Walmart Giveaway! 
the cleveland walmart having a mcdonald's in the back 
got this bathing suit from walmart lol  cheapthrills 
shoutout to whoever was walking around Walmart in an inflatable t-Rex costume, u made my night
Don't buy meat at  Walmart  walmarthelp 
Shit i need to go to walmart i dont wanna go alone lmao
Walmart parking lot appreciation vine 
this lady got bold with me outside walmart thinking i wasn't gonna put her in check lmaooo
While I was at Walmart some woman was getting in trouble by the police for leaving her dog in the car 
These 2chicks have dogs in Walmart, and the one girl is pulling her dog around cuz he's not "sitting" like wtf bitch.
Starbucks Refreshers as LOW as  0.79 at Walmart & Homeland! 
 HooperKey Girl I went to Walmart and everybody was just looking 😂 girl even the Mexicans
S/o to  Walmart security for walking me through the store and to my truck because don't know how to handle rejection.
 AdmireMy_Beauty Damn. So I need to do go to Walmart ?
NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE 
These lines at Walmart look like everything's free
 pourme  KyleLarsonRacin  Target But way, WAY better than WalMart.
icing, the beauty supply store, walmart, anywhere that sells jewelry mostly 
psa walmart now has smorz :)
 mikeymanfs Walmart video
 paigejxo Agreed! What goodies did you pick out for this school year? ✏️📐 -Zoe
Redeemed 20  in Walgreens points lol I think I'm done with Walmart
 mikeymanfs Walmart shit
Lost all respect for Walmart when they started making it impossible to use their chargers in the electronics section in a pinch
 gbrycem894 Wanna meet at Walmart?
WOW! Disney Princess Royal Dreams Castle —  39.87…  Hot_Deals  Toy_Deals  Walmart… 
 Colleen775  Colleen775 Sorry to hear that. Please post to so we can follow up for you. Thanks. -Tay
G&F 7-Piece Garden Tool Set for  13 + pickup at Walmart - 
 lydia_balle I honestly think you could get it at Walmart
It just took us 30 minutes to find my grandfather in Walmart. We need whistles or something 😂😂
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
"Happy and friendly" my ass, fuckkk Walmart. Worst job ever🤷🏽‍♀️
The Rise of These Ruthless German Grocery Stores Has One Influencer Terrified About Walmart's Future 
ah, the season of back-to-school is upon us: where the commercials are either walmart or target + the youtube videos are diy school supplies
I HATE WALMART
"Oh god look at my pants. I look like I belong in Walmart." -my mom, on our way to Walmart
 cashiers get paid the least amount of money, but do the most amount of work, and deal with the most annoying people!  Retail  Walmart
 Connorcade  GC_Positive IKEA is great. I've been keeping my eye on these bad boys. 

 CianSantos Hmm I think you should buy a bin from like Walmart it'll be better and faster for you
 breacycledgoods Agreed, which is why I did Walmart first.
 TKSupertramp  WhamoSaMMo and they could have been almost all cotton as well. i just got some walmart underwear for 12  and they are NICE.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Chicago, IL 
 motionthings  jewscuzi  sean_spicier I see you are very anti Walmart. Perhaps you should then do some calculations… 
next time i go to walmart i'm just gonna be real ignorant fr
The fact that I JUST left Walmart & now I have to go back🤦🏽‍♀️
New post: "7-Piece Ergonomic Stainless Steel Garden Tool Set w/Heavy Duty Metal Stool and Detachable Tool Bag  12.… 
Told ma I hate going to Walmart , she said " you better do what I do , order it online and have them bring it out to your car " 😂😂😂😂😂 dead 💀
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Chicago, IL 
In Walmart at the self checkout machine I kept hearing plz take your change ( 20) constantly & nobody came to claim it so I took it .
I hate shopping at walmart so much omfg
Got a free garbage can at Walmart today. SCORE!
i really do not like walmart employees they're always rude. and they always wanna buck when they come to my job.
 BestBuy Walmart has a game preorder price for  48, can I pricematch and use my gamers club info for an additional %20?
 TheJerEazy We're always happy to help! Thanks for shopping with us. 🛒 👍 -Zoe
Brought my little hong Cole to Walmart. When I walked in I saw the clearance balloons and I knew that today would be a good day!🎊 walmart<3
 Walmart  your willow grove PA store is disgusting. The trash cans out front are overflowing in this summer hear
 PrincessDiana_6 Kalen if you don't stfu and leave me alone before your ass walks to Walmart! You don't know what e… 
 Walmart  Walmart fix this now 
Only 2 years behind keller except for that gay Walmart shit 
Just heard a guy say he picks up dates at Walmart, is this somebody who failed out of Wedding Crashers?
 barbiesIayerr_  Walmart Haha bitch 😂😘👋
Walmart has t-shirts for the eclipse...
Check out my  Speedtest result!  Target WiFi isn't really any better than  Walmart  
 hijikatamamoru I will buy you a goddamn coffee machine from walmart for your birthday
 uItskims WELL THAT EXPLAINS EVERYTHING. WHAT ELSE WOULD YOU EXPECT IN A WALMART PARKING LOT AT 2:30AM??
Y'all!! Road Less Traveled physical copy is available for preorder at Walmart!!! Look at the cover!!  Lauren_Alaina 
Someone just asked me if I worked at Walmart
 Lowes  Walmart  NBCNews PS: Thank you  Lowes for appreciating and helping our American Veterans! :)
 cory_m_peeler i STG i was about to tackle some people in Walmart
***LOVE THIS HUFFY WOMEN’S CRUISER BIKE!*** ONLY  89 SHIPPED: (ships FREE for EVERYONE)... 
Why does Walmart already have back-to-school supplies out? 🤔
 dennyhamlin Just like I told you at the  Cocacola signing at Walmart in  Talladega last year! Denny does the best burn-outs after a win!
When you can drive this just to go pick up a few things from walmart😍😍😍 
 CRotondi  Walmart Oh wow. That used to be a whole lot of nothing when I was a kid.
 little_Abril you'll catch me at Walmart in PHX prolly in 3 weeks
 AHass5 That sounds cool... "My speaks".. next time I get mad at someone at Walmart... I ll use that
Waldron Getting New Pharmacy After  Walmart Closes  ARnews  NWArk
How the Average American Will Benefit from Amazon and Walmart Attacking Each Other 
World's slowest Walmart cashier 🙄
 RobaatoX cant wait for  gg x kof x naruto x sf x n'sync x persona 6 x walmart x DC x  pepsiman
I hate Walmart sooo much fuxk
 _kelsiedagger Seems to be a change of weight between the two bags. Please check with our team at… 
 LadyElton Our stores sure know how to keep the groovy tunes flowing! Thanks for stopping by. 🎵 -Zoe
Why Chicopee Walmart have this man with one hand pushing a push broom 🤔
There should be a cutoff age for fighting. Not talking pros, I mean regular dudes at bars, nightclubs, Walmart parking lots etc. I say 30.
Walmart done.
Now onto Save On.
Ugh!
 _carolineotoole  lizbrody Walmart.... which NYC doesn't have haha. If I see one I go go grocery shopping here in D… 
 ParisHilton But Walmart is kinda evil. So kinda awesome you have never shopped there 💋
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Waynesboro, PA 
 Y4OIS yeah i think we have artificial krispy kreme at walmart
 UKDazarus I had to contact Walmart 🇨🇦 (my preorder company) & they fixed the situation within a day • sent me my c… 
Target is like the Walmart for hot chicks.
wish there was a walmart in brooklyn
 Lowes  Walmart Hey  NBCNews ; here is a story to look into!  I guess we veterans are only accepted at certain plac… 
 DearSydney95 over there putting on this unnecessary ass makeup to just go to the store 😑😂 trying to pick up a nigga in Walmart 🙄
 ScreamnSicilian No  BessiesRevenge Tuesday for me. My local  Walmart only had ones that were expired
Them Chicken wings from Walmart deli are 🔥
 RickiiBobbii24 Girl! Five bucks a Walmart. Why didn't u tell me when I went??
I should go check walmart and rouses
 JizzaRaw There's no way her dumb ass doesn't know what Walmart is this is a "gimme attention please" tweet
DAD I FOUND SHREK WIPES AT WALMART!!  CrankThatFrank 
Visiting a Walmart on a weekend is a dogmatic reliance upon fortune-tellers and soothsayers.  MAGA  SeanMDav.
Girl Walmart sells everything! I guess that's what money do when you don't have to be a smart saver 😂😩 
i changed walmart's ipads lockscreens to theres really a wolf to promote russ LMAO 
Kylo pop came from Walmart. I know there's more but I can't think of them off hand
 BraddJaffy I hope his base realizes the goods at Walmart triple in price at a minimum if everything is made here.
So  Lowes gave me a veteran discount today; across the street  Walmart did not and acted pissed I even asked! What is wrong with this story?
save money, live better, walmart
 murphybeau69  ChadMStevens  StarWarsNewsNet The Walmart pinball game
 Sheliacat  Walmart  Sheliacat  Did you get a chance to talk to a manager about the temperature? You can also post… 
Farberware 2.5L air fryer for  40 at Walmart 
 datboywolf Used to hearing I got Walmart gift cards on gas for 20
I found Cody black series figure & prototype Boba pop at Walgreens. Jango black series figure at Walmart & Kohls but bought it through
I hate Walmart, I can't express how much I hate that store 😒
 sweetbbyhales 1.89 at Walmart in Taylor🤔
 yegtraffic: 5 car pile up WB at 184 street and 100th Ave near the west end Walmart.
Welcome to Walmart 
I love you
 Idiocracy
[holding gun to ep walmart] restock rwby volume 4 tonight
 CitizenKayS I wonder what the walmart family thinks about this "made in america" from their president.
Police real deal running after somebody in Walmart
Oh, heres another cyndaquil.
The thing is, i'm 99% sure i got these at walmart? It was like, a deck that came with… 
 kylegriffin1 I seen Philippines China and Santo Domingo or Honduras 🤔not remember well but any way NOTHING made in… 
just saw a beautiful boy a walmart hello walmart boy if u see this marry me
ACTUALLY EVERY FOREVER21 IVE EVER BEEN IN HAS LIKE 10 REGISTERS AND ONLY TWO PEOPLE WORKING THEM LIKE IVE SEEN WALMART DO BETTER
 Walmart is intent on not letting workers organize-they profit off of their system of wage slavery.
 martinez_c29 Yeah I just have to get my gear on and go grab my bike from the garage. We can meet up at walmart or something
I go to walmart in cf I when i look like a catfish... 

If u see me there MIND YO FKN BUSINESS BITCH!
I'm here cuz i'm ugly
you just walk into a walmart and see all might buying milk and pay no attention to it i LOVE that
Walmart Let's Be Nice. 🙄
 ReTweet  Stroller  Joovy Caboose Stand On Tandem Stroller Appletree 
That Store Looks Like Walmart 😅
Just got a notification of someone buying something on my credit card at WalMart in Illinois. The scary part is... 
Road rage incident turns into fist fight in Walmart parking lot - TomoNews via  YouTube
Really excited that your manager hung up on me  Walmart
me   Walmart 
When you leave the water park you don't realize you have raccoon eyes and stink. Your only shopping option at that point is WalMart.
Apparently one must dress like they r headed to the gym to shop   Walmart on Sun & apparently LittleDebbie has come out w a health food line
Disney Princess Royal Dreams Castle  39.97 (Was  100) via SwagGrabber - Walmart has the Disney ... 
Me lost in walmart as a child 
channel vs walmart 
lol the Walmart lady was like "baby, lick ya fingers!"
Walmart 👀
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
 AbbeyLaithWWE You probably would but he gets you everytime because you argue with yourself and settle on " it's just a 'people of walmart'"
i'm really gonna go to walmart again to see if i see the cute guy again
 MingoMuncy drove to Walmart to get a cheesecake, we'll end up eating the whole thing by ourselves😅  fatties
Thx  Walmart 😳😳😡What the...?  explodingsalsa 
 walmarthelp  Walmart something isn't right here. 
Just know, Walmart can never compete with Gucci so sit down.
Not ashamed to say I like shopping at my local  Walmart, but they're in the midst of a totally unnecessary remodel. Everything's outta place
8am on a SATURDAY & UNIONDALE, NY WALMART HAS ONLY ONE CHECKOUT COUNTER OPEN & 22 PEOPLE WAITING TO GET ON ABOUT THEIR BUSINESS. DUMB!
 Walmart has changed their retail  ShippingCompliance rules. Is your  SupplyChain ready? 
 daniel_corvera Ill be at target so it'll be socially acceptable unlike you know Walmart
7-Piece G&F Ergonomic Garden Tool Set  12.60 + Free Store Pickup 
 Aaryn_Williams HEB and Walmart!! I have 3 growing boys!!
Remember when we hung out with Dallas Wayde and tried to leave his ass at Walmart 😂 I miss you girl
Like.... why didn't walmart just build 4 registers since that's all they EVER HAVE OPEN
 inperilous1  reg1776 I drive out to Kokomo area yesterday & stopped at the local Walmart...yeah I could see it out… 
 Walmart I'LL ONLY BE GOING BE GOING TO TARGET FROM NOW ON TURN ON THE AC IN YOUR STORES YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES. TURN ON THE AC
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
Opelika walmart is ALWAYS a bad idea....
a grown man just walked in front of my car and then proceeded to scream/swear at me in the Walmart parking lot 😂 what is wrong with ppl lol
 HEB  AudreyKENS5 Computers are down again at I-10 and DeZavala. About to give up and go to Walmart
Lmfao y'all know he back there with them non slip shoes from Walmart, just waiting for them to bust they ass on the… 
I still like  walmart I go there on the weekends usually or late at night so not much of a crowd. 
I'll even shop online at  walmart website. I like that free site2store shipping. I think that's what it's called. 
 USA_Movement They operate like the mafia. If they don't sell all the bikes the vendor pays a storage fee monthly t… 
Walmart is probably my favorite still but I'm hoping these grocery prices will keep getting right and lower prices. 
5 winners 1st prize is 100  walmart. Please help me win. Click now. from  areck0001  aaronreckgiveaway 
When all you smell is weed at Walmart and you can't help but laugh because of your aunts facial expressions 😂😂
banks, walmart, and healthcare networks like aetna & united healthcare are all providing bad customer service. CUSTOMER COMES FIRST!
 Walmart I WON'T EVER BE GOING BoeingCK TO YOUR HOT AS HELL FALMOUTH MAINE STORE EVER AGAIN TURN NO THE AC YOU CHEAP JERKS!
In case THIS happens 😂  neverrunout  ad 
The newest batch of Walmartians. Lordy! 
god i hope rwby is at walmart out of town
 KelleyTori  thehill  POTUS WalMart didn't get elected President on the "Made in America" promise. Trump did. Why i… 
 FBG_Taliban I'm finna go to Walmart by your house to go get the stuff tho Ima pull up
y'all, Walmart in Orlando is a madhouse right now
 ArkEncounter "Hello Walmart? I've got a  85M+ taxpayer-backed line of credit and need some fake animals for a Big… 
Walmart sheets  4.97/set. We have requests to help our camp & this is a great way. They will be used by kids at Cam… 
God dayum this Walmart restroom smells like fabuloso mixed with shit
 AciDicGamerz Finally got around to going to my local Walmart and look what I found. Good suggestion 
 cbritzma THEY ARE AT WALMART AND A BoeingG OF TJEM IS LIKE  2.00
Some baddies in Walmart today
so many state boys at gtown Walmart 👀👀
 caraaphernelia  urbandoll I got my printer on sale a couple years ago at Walmart for like  20. nothing fancy, but… 
 xSebas_Romer de walmart
I got off work and my mom was waiting for me outside bc she didn't wanna come to Walmart alone 😭🙄
Aquamarine is  4 at Walmart!!!!!!
 Shirley_Perez What's cooking today? 🍳 😍 -Zoe
On reading how nicely  Walmart is again treating its workers by punishing them for being sick...... 
 48 Super Mario Odyssey PLUS MANY OTHERS W/ WALMART DISCOUNT 
 bex0760  thehill  POTUS You're kidding right? Walmart heirs spent money/time and energy trying to elect Clinton -t… 
Walmart realness 
Walmart fire in California set by customer, police say via the  FoxNews App 
 DemonSymbiote New blink-182 is the Walmart version of +44.
Xbox One S 500GB Minecraft Edition + additional Xbox One Wireless Controller + Star Wars ... -… 
Wrap you up like a burrito. Shower fresh, towel head. I'm going to Walmart.🤣Lovehugs.
Wtf  walmart in vista u guys always fail. I came today to get some color safe bleach .. and nope ur out.. well  target here we come
Refurbished Apple iPad 2 16GB 9.7"  93.99 at Walmart 
hi, i hit my toe on stebs shoe in walmart the other day and now my nail is coming off ((-:
bitch i had a dream that i stole donuts from Walmart and like twenty dollars and i got away with it.
 aaronreckgiveaway  areck0001 giveaway for a 50. 
 areck001  jamesmccleese2 wonder what is your favorite sort of prize to win? 
 VoodooRocky luv dat southern Walmart
if he wasn't in day6, he'd be working at walmart
 basedinfidel8  No_Fascist_USA_  meshell5683  TechQn  Mr_Pinko  kle317  DunsfordCascade  ByrnieByrnes  realkingofAK… 
 MariahNguyen10 I'll have to look! There's one at Walmart that I loooove
En walmart😴
if my mom doesnt come back frm walmart so i can go to this concert
I fucking hate walmart.
I need to take my tail to Walmart and shop for real. Can't keep doing it the way that I have been.
I need a cocktail. My feet hurt. I been 2 two grocery stores, Micheals, Joann fabrics, 2 targets, and a walmart. 😣
I liked a  YouTube video CASH or TRASH? | 10 Ridiculous Walmart Items!
 donson_jay  IvyShoots  CovFefe_ROTB  alllibertynews  adinaINdc  HyRuleKing  nuwriter  BastardChris  HLRowe1… 
 amazon  walmart  kohls  belk  bestbuy  areck0001  jamesmccleese2  aaronreckgiveaway winner gets a 50 of choice. 
Hi, I want you all to know that I feel cute as hell in this swimsuit FROM WALMART. And I've never ever posted a swi… 
I literally put my two weeks in here at Walmart two hours ago and hellllla people already know🙄
So you can preorder the Road Less Traveled DVD at Walmart 
 capitainegoose ARE THOSE LIGHT UP SHOES AT WALMART?!!! *dashes to the nearest walmart*
 ZoruaGH Walmart
Sunday Shoutout to the Dominican guy in his 50s rollin into Walmart blasting 50 cent's "Candy Shop" from his pocket
the rage cage is just where they keep all the bouncy balls in walmart
Some little boy just stole  200 worth of fidget spinners from Walmart...Bye 😂
 Walmart Gold Cross 595 transporting  SLRMedical
How do y'all expect me to maintain my diet with what the frozen food section at Walmart is putting out these days? 
 ShuuBetterRun ARE U READY TO RAGE IN WALMART
 MariahNguyen10 From Walmart?
 mikeymanfs walmart video
RIP Betty Dukes 😪we won't stop fighting 4 all wmn facing discrimination Shame on  Walmart 4 denying her justice God Bless u Betty  equalpay
 xo_annas But wait can we choose what store like out of target, staples, Walmart
I've actually been productive today I'm so happy
Now I'm gonna! Go to Walmart! Yeah!!
why she looking at Walmart
 bieryel  bieryel We'd like to help. Please post the details to so we can follow up. Thanks. -Tay
Hey  walmart, your grocery web site for delivery is an inaccessible joke! You suck!
Chanel vs. Walmart 
 ButtahBenzoBells 
Enter to win a  50 gift card from  Sephora  giveaway  contest  freethings 
 kennedyadams___ Walmart
 brittvasquez22 That's literally what one of the girls working orientation told me😂 she alike get it before because… 
i wore a cute outfit just to go to walmart 🤷🏽‍♀️ 
 Dr_l0cke  c3p_mo The Walmart here in Reno has like 8 Switch systems since I don't think anyone knows the store exi… 
Som3one take m3 to walmart plz.
I hate when I buy shit from the dollar store and then go to walmart and find out it's cheaper there
Confessions from a Walmart Hitman - TM [MIRRORED]: via  YouTube
 MikaelaSeeger Like we can go to Walmart and get the toiletries and school stuff bc our poor little town will proba… 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Confessions from a Walmart Hitman - TM [MIRRORED]
Walmart is so hectic right now 😤
Ran into my personal trainer at Walmart while doing our grocery shopping, good thing we hadnt hit the sweets aisle yet🙃😜
Everyone needs those friends who are hella down to go to Walmart with you just to look around😂
Walmart's deli is super underrated.
Walmart had fish tanks and pierced everybody's ears. 
 luzzi_michael I dare ya to go up to walmart customers and scare them
 DiahannCaselli  BorisZoloft He's Rorie and Kat's buddy. A vile nasty person. Who poops in Walmart bags and demeans… 
Me when I found Great Gatsby in the  3.74 movie bin at Walmart 
I was at McDonalds & I saw her w/ her Bf & brother entering Walmart at past 3pm. She has time for her Bf but not me? Edi wow!  Liar
 KelleyTori  thehill  POTUS But the Walmart guy isnt the President who campaigned on jobs in America, yet his own d… 
Why do I always pick the bad carts at Walmart? 🙄
I need a fast vegan meal I can pick up from Walmart! 🤔
Walmart having goldfish tanks 
Some guy just walked by me in Walmart and yelled "YOU ARE GORGEOUS"
Interested in a  job in  WestMilwaukee, WI? This could be a great fit:  Veterans  Banking  Hiring  CareerArc
 donson_jay  IvyShoots  alllibertynews  adinaINdc  HyRuleKing  nuwriter  BastardChris  HLRowe1  isis_whitehead… 
Hot Amateur Lesbians Eat Each Others Pussy In Walmart Live On YesCams[17:12] via 
how the fuck do people survive at Walmart
 kylegriffin1 Yes, America can be purchased at Walmart.
I can't Go any where with brandon eldred Now We're banned from WalMart 😡😡😡
I just received this e-mail.
Dear... 
 ABC So Walmart will be empty this coming week I suppose. 😂
They used to give those smiley face stickers at Walmart 
Going to walmart 
Ran into a couple in Walmart then the lady proceeded to follow my baby & i to the checkout & demand her man to wrap his arms around her 😂😂😂😂
I just saw a Walmart back-to-school commercial and I still get 100% triggered even after graduating from high school
 Walmart cliff notes version. Returning shower gift diapers. Untagged from the start. Not told it was wrong. Back home with same diapers.
The point is the girl likes that he wants her to come with him to do the little stuff like going to Walmart duhhh 
 IvyShoots  CovFefe_ROTB  alllibertynews  adinaINdc  HyRuleKing  nuwriter  BastardChris  HLRowe1  isis_whitehead… 
 PatSchloss  LauringLab  MartinEpi We always need more families.  25 gift card to Target per sample can take you fa… 
im trying to make a list of things to do in susanville while caro is in town and in my top 5 it says "go to walmart"
Pretty sure I saw  iamhannalashay at Walmart just now 🤔
Dimmers, Switches, and Wall Plates - - 
 PokerLawyer  AnnCoulter  Delta Yep, immigrants are taking all those good jobs; picking vegetables, cleaning hotel rooms, Walmart etc
omg that vine with the lady running away from the rat she sees in walmart is the avengers and thanos
Doing my bro shopping.. I hate Walmart! Not enough registers open... 20 min wait in line ugh.  ihatewaiting  Walmart 
CHEAP Johnson's Baby Products at Target & Walmart! 
I'm open to trying new things,My hands do feel clean after using it and Not feel sticky like others.
 PURELL,  GotItFree available  Walmart
Get 10 bucks off your groceries by using this code!! Kind of nice to plan a bit ahead, and have the stuff waiting... 
Men act like they're doing you a favor by denying other bitches like we don't have to curve niggas every time we so… 
 CovFefe_ROTB  IvyShoots  alllibertynews  adinaINdc  HyRuleKing  nuwriter  BastardChris  HLRowe1  isis_whitehead… 
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance 
 SinDeeLou2  SinDeeLou2 We'd like to help make sure you receive the complete oder. Please post to… 
 VeraSkyLive Model friend was tipped 1k tokens to go to walmart and buy a bar of gold dial soap for a tru pvt.. she… 
Don't find me at Walmart ™  Oliviaaub246
I'm enjoying smores pie after the gym because I deserve it  whyipie  gotitfree  owntheoccasion  edwardsdesserts  walmart  bzzagent
I ALWAYS SEE TRE CHEATING ON ME IN WALMART !!! 

this is an inside joke.
Buy this cool invention at Walmart! 
The Amazon-Walmart Showdown That Explains the Modern Economy - The New York Times 
You know how difficult it is to be ordering stuff from Walmart Online in the summer, and try to find junk food snacks that won't melt??
Walmart to Walmart worked just fine. 
I have made friends with this baby at walmart, we are making silly faces at eachother from afar ily
did walmart rly used to have a lobster tank
So Walmart took  60 out of my account twice.... losers
Dear  Walmart ANOTHER great great experience at one of your stores where I am stuck with your goods and can't exchange. Need to talk to sum1
 KelleyTori  thehill  POTUS oh and the redneckrightwing snobs DON'T shop at Walmart???
Nope. A former player was so proud to wear his  GreenAndGold jersey he carried it into Coors Field on "CSU Day" in… 
Saw a tourist family in Walmart today taking pictures with a giant can of peaches 😂😂
Fuck U Walmart again getting people's information compromised. I shopped on the 9th & since then  1200 in fraud. Real   not credit assholes
I want some fruit but don't wanna drive to Walmart 😩
 bxittxny It really doesn't lol. I'll shop around to see if they have the Twin/Twin XL one at another Walmart
Gotta have a whole ass dance prepared to propose these days? Bitch if you don't take this Walmart ring and meet me… 
When people tell me I need to go to Walmart because target is too expensive 
girl its hella good its   walmart and target 
This nice man at Walmart just told me that degrees don't have dates and that was the most comforting thing I've ever heard
Ummm they have a black cookout on a walmart commercial and they're putting avocado slices on their burgers... 
Walmart: *HOT* Heluva Good Cheese just  0.87 with stacked offers~~~>
Walmart Does NOT Want You To See This Viral video - "People targeted" (P... 
 _skyysthelimit_ They have them at Walmart for like  55
Today   Walmart I saw a kid picking up groceries for his family, came on a ripstick. If that ain't making the most of what u got idk what is
[Deals] Walmart has some preorder prices that are better than Best Buy's GCU 

I know Wolfenstein II: The New Colo…
 arlettuce Walmart
When Walmart just stops carrying both the body wash and shampoo you buy. Rip Tetley tea too.
Don't expect me to give you the right of way when you're entering Walmart through the exit door 😤😤😤 
New post: "24-Piece Stansport Enamel Camping Tableware Set  12.93 + Free Store Pickup  ~ Walmart" 
 TheBreakRoomTX  Scotty_Ballgame  fitzymom11 My Walmart never had these haha would be a blessing
 xo_annas Target or walmart, they always have good prices
 potapova_nika going 2 walmart at midnight??? cuz same
Even Walmart knows I deserve to be pampered.
 meowzalot New idea: Walmart give capes to all employees. I'll apply instantly.
 DatDudeBJP  viserov Out west, Kroger is Fred Meyer, which is often/usually a full blown department store and also… 
Get outta here...you can buy 🐊 meat at Walmart? 🤔😂 
Kids equipped with PURELL® Advanced Hand Sanitizer’s! Germs look out we are coming for you!  PURELL,  GotItFree and available  Walmart
BITCHES BE LIKE "WALMART GOT A DEAL BOGO FREE MINUTE MAID" 
I don't think I've ever had a Walmart shopping cart steer straight
Sitting in a Walmart dressing room lol
Oh, but the Walmart destroys jobs trope isn't clean.
hey guys jontron here in the walmart playing star wars
You can help with Womens Socks  5.97... 
Bitches know they been to a Walmart 🤣👋🏾👋🏾👋🏾👋🏾 
Admi:tedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mog jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Crane Drop Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier, Blue-white,  29.88, walmart, free ship-to-store Slickdeals - '"price mi… 
They fucked some dude up with Walmart undercover security lol
So I went to Walmart and was buying feminine products because I'm a girl and every girl each month needs to and be literally laughed
Sick of changing the roll? Upgrade to MEGA! Save on  cottonelle at  walmart with it starting 6/28!  ad  NeverRunOut 
Of course I get stuck behind check writer at Walmart.
Lots of completely stupid people in the world. If anyone mentions pe/nvda. Block them  Say hi to them when you go to Walmart door greet-or
 Juancho_Escariz Walmart*
 PURELL Hand Sanitizer will come in handy at portecting my son against all the germs at school.  GOTITFREE  WALMART
Damn I gotta go to Walmart when I get off & I swear I don't feel like it 😩😩😩
 The_Unflattered  noelcourage  MKlave  mattdpearce How about I ask the Walmart union
So Oreo O's made a comeback but are exclusive to Walmart?! I'm pissed.
Logitech MK360 Wireless Keyboard for  15 + pickup at Walmart
http:
Going to look at all the fish while your mom shopped at Walmart ☹️ 
 bianncarraines 
Splatter Screen For Frying & Cooking Pans Prevents burns - 13'' - 
 _FxCKTweets Go look on yo walmart one app and tell me can you see yo schedule i think these mfs fired me 😂😂
My dad just rode a shopping cart down the parking lot to the car from Walmart...
Too scare to vlog in Walmart 😂( don't listen to my sister ): via  YouTube
It's hard to change local shopping patterns. The only real disruptions of late have been Walmart and Amazon.
Our Father/Daughter adventure started at  Walmart and ended with this A&W​ Root Beer Float party 🎉🎉  MAKEAMEMORY… 
Sunday, July 16 Kroger 575 Walmart 304 Miles 1 
Yyre 
Walmart 304t yyto  typically uyyy at y
 _FaZeFangirl_ boston has Walmart 😫
 curlygirl214 I don't see a ring and she's at Walmart getting her nails done. And he unemployed so if he was pullin… 
Its ok to walk around a crowded Walmart with the squeakiest shopping cart
People of Walmart: seeing a t-shirt that says "either you love America or you're wrong." Accurate logic I think.
I have cleaning none stop to show my house! I was proud to present it yesterday, so excited I went to Walmart so the 20 or something family
 xo_annas Store GC : Staples, Walmart, Target all have big back to school sales.
 POTUS  ICEgov  ICE should be placed at all Walmart's across the USA. Our great  POTUS want's us all safe. Many Illegals shop there. MAGA!
Truck 8, Medic Engine 2 & Gold Cross 595 responding  Walmart (300 W) on a male having a seizure
I really hate Walmart
You could help me share God'sLove tangibly w/homeless here!... 
 Abighxil  _JohnnyMontanez Walmart you something else 😂😂😂
Wife you think shopping at Walmart is buying American... 
 XoKeennzziieeXo That happen to me two weeks ago😭 they habe them at walmart fir like 10 buck lol
 bianncarraines 
Kitchen Cooking Oil Splatter Guard - 
 nailogical a gift card to walmart to buy supplies
 orca911  BBGossip My moms even set off the Walmart alarm thingy at the entrance. She carried a card for it.
 Walmart James McNair's Family Talks Walmart Settlement in Crash that Injured Tracy... 
 MotionsHair I'm a natural and this stuff did not work.  Took it back to Walmart and would not recommend to naturals with kinky hair.
 SavvvvvyC  JennaBinna02 Who tf wears Walmart American flag bikinis
Walmart gotta make it an obstacle course to make some damn chili!?!!
there were SOOOO many gallons of glue yesterday at Walmart, i should've bought one
Some former CSU players love CSU so much they show up with their baseball jersey in a Walmart bag. 
I slipped up and got caught taking a video of a Walmart worker 🤦🏽‍♀️
I could be the richest man alive and I will still shop at Ross and Walmart
Pair accused of stealing  2K in items from Lake Wales Walmart 
We love hand sanitizer in our household, and Purell Advanced Hand Sanitizer works awesome!! 
 PURELL,  GotItFree available  Walmart
Theres something g you dont see everyday, a squirl inside walmart.. two of them got in , there was a guy trying to… 
awww I just saw Christian at Walmart and he gave me a hug and I realized how old we're all getting, he looks so much older 😭😭😭
 hoodopulence I'm going to Walmart later hopefully they have it 
Back at it again with the free Walmart YouTube advertising!  TGuy185 
Great....Now we're banned from Walmart!

I just received this in my e-mail.

Dear Kimbrell Family:
Over the past... 
 mikeymanfs Doing dares at walmart
when i go back to florida to shop for my dorm ima be in walmart all day longggg
Good job  Walmart cool commercial featuring  official_flo  Miami  Florida  MyHouse 
Leave my skin feeling baby smooth. Fresh out the shower.  Olay  Walmart  Influenster  VirtualVoxBox  Contest 
Guy at Walmart: "how old are you?"
Me: "18"
Him:"ya look 13 do you get that a lot"
Me:".... not really"
 KelleyTori  thehill  POTUS Walmart is also not going on a "Made in America" spree either are they? If Reps would s… 
Went to Walmart to buy a PS4 and ended up buying a water purifier.  adultlife
My sister in law : who wants to go to Walmart with me 
My nephew: nobody
Fuck Walmart workers
Just went to Walmart and ToysRus and yet no wooden railway Percy or Duck and the shelfs were barely stocked. I'm gonna try target but -
en walmart
 ashtotheley90  Walmart I'm very surprised. A lot of people price match too. I'm sure the big savers who use to pri… 
 Pinonica Walmart has many different types in colors or designs. Maybe even a Chihuahua design for you.  LoL
 wildtuan IT WAS 2:30 AM IN THE WALMART PARKING LOT LIKE WDYM
Two Zero Gravity Chairs Just  67.99! Down From  160! PLUS FREE Shipping!  Instagram  Walmart  chairs  deal  deals
If y'all wanna see all kinds of people there are go to Walmart in Celina tonight. Dear lord. 😂🤦🏽‍♀️
jack just folded his hands and said "sorry Jesus" when a walmart bag flew off the boat into the lake
 IvankaTrump You suck at about the same level as your daddy dear. Cannot WAIT till U and the Trump Swamp is out or… 
 972_834  realDonaldTrump  YerOpinion  KevinDarryl  ListenHereTrump  tkdmike Captain White America driving a NIssan… 
Walmart did used to have lobster tanks , that's crazy
Camp Chef High Resolution Outdoor Movie Screen  155.81 at Walmart 
why does walmart have school supplies out???
I need to go to Walmart but I'm being lazy 😩
ABOUT TO GO TO WALMART ANYBODY NEED ANYTHING LET ME KNO
 ReTweet  CatTreats  Delectables Squeeze Up Cat Treat Chicken 4ct 
What happened when Walmart left  Sundaypapers 
The East Riverside Walmart parking lot always smells like weed
tell her to meet me behind walmart 
 JustinB_Low They don't have it !! Trust I checked. Walmart the only place who got it. -.-
The plaintiff believes Walmart favored their own trucks. 
Commissioner Darline B. Riggs, in partnership with Walmart and 99Jamz , presents Back to School FREE Bookbag Giveaw… 
School House Rock was playing on all the TV's at Walmart and I in fact was singing every word.
I nominate this guy for the GOOFY AWARDS of 2017:   meth  JustSayNo
IM SO HEATED LIKE I WAS JUST TRYNA BUY CAT FOOD AT WALMART NOT GET STARED DOWN BY YO UGLY ASS
 MsNiek  SASS_CATCH_EM "While you're here, why don't you put in an application. Walmart look like they need cart bo… 
I be having to do my errands in sections. Been next door to Walmart & still came All the way back home 😭😭
Walmart pick up is the worst! First and last time using that, smh...
 TheBreakRoomTX They have the blasters at my walmart for 20
When Paris Hilton tries to act above shopping at Walmart but yet has a clothing line with Lidl, girl bye 
 DobbaDobba  WLBT  blackflag_2012 Not Walmart!! Them is fighting words.
 LePrinceElliott  LePrinceElliott We care about our live fish. We’d like to hear more. Share at… 
 delaney_deck I have so many stories about buying spaghetti squash at Walmart.
I hate going to Walmart if it's not late at night people are fuckin slow n stupid
Car Batteries and Accessories - 
 ashtotheley90  Walmart Starting tomorrow. Their loss! Easy for us to price match to get things done in one place,… 
One of my favorite hobbies has to be people watching.👀  walmart
Ain't your perfume in Walmart.? 
Rob Walmart-What Rob Does Mainly   robwalmart  fb  movedanceradio Listen: 
One time I got stuck in a Walmart bathroom stall. True story.
 SarahNorman24 Sarah of walmart  peopleofwalmart
Who wants to come to Walmart don't all jump at once
Nothing better than getting home and realizing you still have treats leftover from a half-remembered trip to Walmart the night before
 Jamaican_Jazzy Walmart?
 alexislorrainee Walmart!
Walmart, non-sober me is en route...watch out!
Fischer Fit Line 1839 de Embutir de R  916.8 por R  847.98
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
I am getting so fucking efficient at shopping at walmart it's disgusting
 Its_NunnNunn you know Tommy speight from Walmart in Wilson?
My mom came home from the Italian festival drunk as fuck & yelled at me to take her to Walmart. So here I am babysitting my mom as she shops
Shouldn't have came to Walmart while hungry lol
I fucking hate walmart
 xo_annas Walmart, Target, Staples please this would help me sm with school
There was just a commercial advertising CD's at Walmart... CD's
I can never come to Walmart and get one thing 😩
So y'all someone started a fire in the Walmart here in town in Bama to create a scene so they could steal an A/C.  TooHotInTheSouth
I liked a  YouTube video Vibrating Panties Prank On Girlfriend!PART 2 INSIDE WALMART!
2084886650
Posted by: Harley
Just got a text saying congrats Id won a free walmart gift card and to… 
24-Piece Stansport Enamel Camping Tableware Set  13 + Free Store Pickup 
20 minutes ago I bought a TV from Walmart. Currently, I'm standing in the return line. I don't know what I thought was going to happen...
Was gonna go to Walmart since it's close but they don't have a Starbucks and I need coffee.
Going to Walmart makes me so happy bc we always make it lit 
if you can't wait to see ur band fam until tomorrow come to walmart because Mr. S and Keenan and everyone else is here
I literally came to Walmart just to buy shit I don't even need lol
Walmart employee gets fired, drops his boss

Go to 2:09 
 mikeymanfs Dares at Walmart
 xo_annas Staples or Walmart both have good back to school sales
The future face of WI tourism with the repeal of the Unfair Sales Act? The high price of a giveaway to Walmart.… 
i went to fletcher walmart and had to ask a stranger to walk me to my car to make a random guy leave me alone. that's pretty disgusting.
 xo_annas Staples, jansport, Walgreens, f21, Walmart, Office Depot, apple,
Why GE, Boeing, Lowe’s, and Walmart Are Directly Buying Health Care for Employees 
Progressive insurance is the Walmart of all insurance companies. They have the cheapest price but the worst service.
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
My mama literally screenshotted this off the Walmart website I love her 
imma ended up meeting the loml at walmart
 _brilm Girl, Walmart has the best hot wings that are TGIFridays. They taste just like applebees.
I liked a  YouTube video LIT TOILET PAPER FORT AT WALMART
Kellie said "OMG I WENT TO WALMART" 
I said "what did you get?"
She said "GIRL CLOHES!"
It's too bad  Walmart isn't price matching anymore. It just means we won't shop there as much. I go where the deals are!
 ottawa_observer  ottawa_observer Please post the details on this order to our Help Desk at 
Me & Sierra are at a Walmart with an Annie Anne's pretzel & I've never been so amazed in my life.
So much devastating stuff here about the whole economic system, and how it has embedded itself in our psyches. 
My brother has to be the best cashier at Walmart 
Black people next to me speaking walmart english "we haaas are cuzin wid us!"
 junkfoodguy  SamsClub  Walmart The State of Wisconsin approves this tweet
This guy at Walmart just came up to me and asked me if I thought his girlfriend would like the flowers he was holding.
 xo_annas Target, Staples, or Walmart
 KUWYana She know what Walmart is 😒 she ain't been living under a rock her whole life.
 mikeymanfs If your done with Walmart and target give us at least one more of either Walmart and target
 thehill What a joke these people are! Get them to stop shopping at Walmart? Gasp 😱
I was at Walmart btw
 mikeymanfs Go back to Walmart that shit was funny as fuck but now all this new shit is just horrible
Walmart selling live fish by the dog food 
 xo_annas cvs, walmart, walgreens, target
Walmart is a cheaper Target 
All my makeup is from Walmart. Not about the price but how you use it. I'm also super cheap so whatever 🤷🏻‍♀️😂 I still look good
 xo_annas Target ? Walmart ?
 mikeymanfs Walmart
Why does it smell like old piss as soon as you walk in the Walmart on loop 288
 Walmart when did it become the norm for shoppers to browse your stores with their non-service dogs? Not a fan...
Everytime I go to Walmart I look at the amiibos and get disappointed
Thanks  Walmart for your PARTNERSHIP w/ Samaritans_Feet. Your generosity made it possible for 1000 children be bles… 
Jesus Christ, Walmart. 
I'm so exhausted 😭 I really don't want to go to Walmart but I have to. Blahh.
I go in Walmart and get excited looking at pot sets and dish towels and stuff thinking about what color my kitchen gon be lol
BIZZLE IS CHANEL AND SWIZZLE IS WALMART ;)
My dad keeps sending me pictures of weird food at Walmart help
 spyder0ne  EmersenLee lol, more like Walmart meat section. 🤣
Walmart threadin brows 👀 
My baby fell asleep while we were shopping in Walmart  numberone… 
I would like to know why everyday we come to Walmart and today is the day that it's been decided that we need groceries 😒
 ParisHilton  ParisHilton you must be the most stupidest person in the world not to know what a Walmart Store is and what they sell.
BREAKING: Small Fire Incident closes Clarke County Walmart for hours - WKRG: WKRG BREAKING: Small Fire Incident…… 
Wow I wanna be this rich, that I don't even know what Walmart is 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist GENTE DE WALMART - MUY DIVERTIDO!!
 mikeymanfs Walmart??
 ad Find out how I persuaded my Picky eater to eat her vegetables with help from  Walmart  goandgrowatwalmart
Every time I go to walmart, I want to stick a fork in my eyeball. Too many wild, unattended kids!  watchyakidsfolks
Sitting in a Walmart I'm a mess
S/o to  d_mealy_ for accidentally buying granny panties at Walmart 😂😂
Man, nothing gets me hornier than having to go to Walmart on a late Sunday afternoon
Walmart bathrooms gross me tf out
Walmart with a McDonald's inside 
Imagine being so wealth that you don't even know what Walmart is 
Never buying chicken strips from the walmart deli ever again. Those were some of the worst I've ever had the displeasure of eating.
 mikeymanfs Walmart!
 IvyShoots  CovFefe_ROTB  donson_jay  alllibertynews  adinaINdc  HyRuleKing  nuwriter  BastardChris  HLRowe1… 
wtf is this sarah thing everyone's putting on their snapchat is it like a walmart ask.fm or some shit??
i cry every time i get my eyebrows threaded but  walmart they are really good! ask for summer☺️♥️
it's so bullshit Walmart can only sell beer and wine this states alcohol laws were fucking made in the 1800s weren't they.
 Tim_Riggins_  TreyTheJedi Imma say it again This isnt the whole video it ends with him leaving Walmart after she s… 
 mikeymanfs dares at walmart
 87legs  87legs We're wondering why you feel that way. Can you post details here or at our feedback link… 
*my 2 yr old niece*: "aw your car smells nice, it's so pretty. where did u buy it? Walmart?"
Now that they are sold out online I wonder if Walmart will order more 

or if there is any more to order!
Brb going to walmart
Thanks  Walmart... 
 mikeymanfs You should go to Walmart and jump in the ball pit. If you get kicked out, then go to target and gallon smash!!!
 mikeymanfs Doing your dares at Walmart
 Lgz_316  WWE  Tapout  Walmart  ElizabethArden  JohnCena To you it may be, to me it will never not be funny.
 mikeymanfs Messing around in Walmart 🔥🔥
 drumgal95 Anybody ever been to  Walmart after 2 A.M.? It turns into  montypython's ministry of silly walks!
 mikeymanfs Walmart video lmao
 IvyShoots  donson_jay  alllibertynews  adinaINdc  HyRuleKing  nuwriter  BastardChris  HLRowe1  isis_whitehead… 
Nothing stresses me out more than the Walmart parking lot
Jeffery the fat lavender moose from Walmart,
Walmart is a joke 😂
Ok Woodbury locals- we had been doing grocery pickup while we lived in Cottage Grove Walmart and… 
 _kkscanlan i got one from walmart
I liked a  YouTube video VIBRATING PANTIES PRANK ON GIRLFRIEND PART 2!! INSIDE WALMART!!!
Why yes, I did just trip walking out of a Walmart while carrying the ugliest pair of boots for work; how did you know?
 jaredseitzer4 Walmart, taco cabana, mama margies, whataburger, chachos, das off top my head lemme check google
I just witnessed a middle age white mom bumping Drip From My Walk by  FamousDex in the middle of Walmart.What is life right now?
Eggs (at  Walmart Supercenter in Kenosha, WI) 
 KelleyTori  thehill  POTUS I didn't know Walmart was was POTUS or ran on a platform of American jobs or american made products.
 CarlosAyala_17 Walmart sells them for  30 lmao my friend bought one the other day
I used to work an after school program at an elementary school; so I'm in Walmart and this kid comes running up to me yelling "Mr. Clark!"
 WoodfordCHNL  toddstonebc A WalMart or SDM in the area could surely donate those items?
*infront of Walmart* 
My aunt: "excuse me where is Walmart?*
Grandma: "they think you do drugs!"
Good-night, It was extremely, humid, hot here in Fayetteville, North Carolina back   Michael Carter apt. Ramsey Street, nearby Walmart.
Question: I am currently in a US walmart what are some things food or junk food items I should get that arent... 
Eating my Edwards Smores Creme Pie from Walmart - healing my headache! Yum!  WhyIPie  GotItFree  OwnTheOccasion  EdwardsDesserts  Walmart
I just saw like 6 Walmart employees shopping in Super 1 😂
Youngsta bet a nigga 5000 he would beat him in a foot race outside Walmart....... foo this nigga Youngsta was gone lmao
Shopping For Food., 2017 — feeling blessed at Walmart Neighborhood Market Garden City - N Taylor Ave 
I been sleep for 2 hours, the whole 2 hours my girlfriend said she was st Walmart with her mom😐
Now Why I Come To Walmart😭 I'm Getting All These Cute Lil Fishes Idc 💜💜😩
 kiwicurIy  larrycaring Fwiw I work at a Walmart and thats an old display from the Grammy's earlier this year. Not… 
 BSURadioJim  Walmart There's a fairly new shopping development by 440 and 21st street. There's a lowes too and a bunch of restaurants
 jessmendoza  RedSox Mr Sam Walton led by that example also picking up trash in Walmart parking lot many times
7-Piece Ergonomic Stainless Steel Garden Tool Set w/Heavy Duty Metal Stool and Detachable Tool Bag  12.62 w/PD   W… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Missouri City, TX 
I've only ever bought steaks from a guys minivan in the parking lot of Walmart once, maybe three times, tops.
Do not overpay for Bowman Platinum Retail boxes.  Just order them from for 19.98.  Have them delivered for free.
5. I use  3 Walmart brushes, a clear plastic palette to mix.
6. The Winsor&Newton oil paints I only buy in primary, b&w, and burnt sienna.
i want a fruit tray from walmart 😩
 xomeg_hopexo KILL YOUR SELF IS THAT BETTER. lmao bitch idfc what you say I make good money at Walmart fuck you 😂🤷🏻‍♀️
I saw this girl with this colddddd ass haircut at Walmart yesterday and now I'm thinking about cutting my hair again lol
I walked into a random Walmart to buy some workout shorts and all they had was food. 
I ❤️ Walmart
Let's hangout at Walmart. 
 Katelyn_Kannady  tori_foster I got Merderma for my scarring, it's expensive but it helps! It's at Walmart by all the treatment creams
just got fired from walmart 🤒🤒
 QueenAnna715 What ? I don't speak welfare Walmart bitch shit ?
I'm walking in Walmart thinking dang that lil girl look like my niece. I do a double take. She does a double take. It's Hayley 😂
Walmart, Staples, and Macy's all rate high in providing a secure shopping experience. 
A old man is sitting next to me on a bench at Walmart right now bashing on trump bc he says all he does is sit on twitter like teenage girls
While shopping I've begun to realize just how much my style has changed over the years. What happened to the  7.99 Walmart shirt me?
I SPELT WALMART WITH TWO L'S SKDJDJ
Ughhh.. the girl at walmart put my dryer sheets in with my cheese 😒 now the whole brick smells ocean fuckin fresh. Smh
I need to go to Target or Walmart hopefully Target has both products that I need and I can skip Walmart all together
Shoutout to the lady in Walmart who told her kids not to touch my dog cause she's a service dog👏🏻🙌🏻👏🏻🙌🏻
You know school back finna start when you see all the school supplies in Walmart.💀🤦🏾‍♀️😂
This dude at the Walmart auto shop looks like Piscatella???
Here’s  10 off groceries! 
Not knowing where anything is in your new Walmart has to be the worst part of moving.
S&P 500, Dow Trade at Records as Walmart,  Boeing Lead Broad Gains -  TheStreet_News : 
Going to Walmart in a little bit...the goal is to get exactly what i need and nothing else
 luzzi_michael Go on the intercom at Walmart and say we found a dildo in I'll 10
There's school supplies in Walmart and I have never wanted to die more
ME AND MY FRIEND RAN THROUGH WALMART SCREAMING THE LYRICS TO LAST YOUNG RENEGADE WE GOT OUR ASSES KICKED TF OUT IM DEAD
you guaranteed to stay in a walmart for atleast 2 hours just standing in the damn line smh
Walked in and straight out of Walmart in the hood crazy packed
 RinTinStin  McClellanPete  NahitsjustAlex  ParisHilton  thejaywardell Like Paris knows what Walmart is stop it guys
 Chet_Cannon  Reebok  Reebok had to make a play in one direction, their market share is sinking like the Titanic. I… 
 CovFefe_ROTB  donson_jay  alllibertynews  adinaINdc  HyRuleKing  nuwriter  BastardChris  HLRowe1  isis_whitehead… 
Hey lady,
Don't make a scene at walmart.
I bought this super cute darth Vader shirt at Walmart for  7 😍 
 thisisjohnniec  TheBakerTwins Oh.. I tried Walmart. No luck
her walmart manicure hasn't chipped yet 
I liked a  YouTube video  25 ALDI SMACKDOWN!!! 🍇🍉🍊🍌🍍🍎(Aldi vs. Walmart) COLLAB
Eating Walmart pizza and getting just as full 
 FOBManiaProject Walmart
The booking lines will b longer than Black Friday   WalMart. 
Walmart on fire and shit
 TonyFergusonXT  BlackHouseMMA lol I buy these at Walmart  5. Digiorno isn't bad I must say
 javanaj12 Definitely! Do you prefer Walmart or Amazon?
 Kissinginstarss I got some really good ones at Walmart, that pink one I had with me at PTV
Love Purell for killing off all of the kid germs!  PURELL  GotItFree and available  Walmart
 OrphanBlack chanel vs walmart 
I just want everyone to know that this is the greatest bc you can put your shampoo bottles upside down in it… 
 IImTeara Lmao we did , and we were ready to go . Bitch and we had to work the next day walked in Walmart w our kne… 
 morganjrice Payless has converse looking ones, so does Walmart but the ones at Payless are better imo
Well it's  SundayFunday here at Walmart waiting for a tire change. Oh happy day!🙂
why that look like the taco bell next to walmart? 😭 
Wow my dumb ass left my card in Walmart moving too fast🤦🏽‍♀️
God bless Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Savings Catcher
🐰  MiffyOfficialUS toys are now available at  Walmart and this mama and her kid are so excited!! >> <<  MiffyFun 🐰
 RedCupRebellion  VegasRebs BDN's attorney is better. Think he replied Walmart.
Socks are only  9.48 for 10 pair! Please help!... 
 m_vizcarrondo floww walmart
Thought-provoking  guardian article on what happened when Walmart left a small town....  
I don't think Walmart has the grammys exclusive of a year that is not finished 
2 trips to Walmart in less than 30 minutes lmao I really need to start making a list instead of going off the top of my head 😂
 puurepoisonxo I work at Walmart.......I have to deal with it every night zzzzz
 Ingrid_Morak "No, I meant was this his first act?"
"Oh no, he never bought any guitars from Walmart."
action teen school nude girls of walmart tubes 
I liked a  YouTube video  99 Walmart Mountain Bike can't handle MTB trail - Hyper Shocker 26 Dual Suspension
 javanaj12 Make sure it's 24lb and not cover stock. I have links to and Amazon if you'd like them!
 RickWalter8 Can't stand Walmart.
 Walmart  peta  peta2  is this how we really take of animals ?  deathinajar  nofood  dirtywater walmart on west fla… 
i want cucumbers now😂 Walmart trip after work..🤔
 nmw110  Walmart That's not what he was getting at... 😂
 chicagotony  chicagotony Have you tried restarting the app? You can also ask for helo at our help desk -Tay
Big Steve is really excited about Rascal Flatts coming to Walmart AMP on July 21!

O an Alarm from Walmart, metro, SGA and Starbucks comes in between 8.00 and 11.00. All three targets observed. What is the plan for today?
My puppy is outside playing with the sprinkler and I'm stuck at Walmart missing all of it. 🙃🙃
Current hiding spot in Walmart. *binki will be explained in tomorrow's video😂* 
DO NOT BUY Garcinia Cambogia at Walmart Until You Read This Review - 
Them survivors from Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kingman, AZ 
Walmart Ad & Coupon Matchups 7/16-7/27  coupon
when people say they see me go to Walmart every week 
Walmart packed af, ik the cashiers shitty
If one more walmart soccer mom lookin ass bitch gives me a dirty look I will LOSE MY SHIT!!! I'm not playing with you Karen!!!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pensacola, FL 
 Walmart how come y'all have 17 lanes but only 3 of them open?  🤦🏾‍♂️ I need answers
Need to go to walmart, i need some more laundry detergent and things.
I'm sitting in Walmart parking lot and just yelled at a man that I thought was my uncle and now he's calling me an idiot  howisyourdaygoing
we ignoring the fact that they in Walmart though? 
Crazy People of Wal*Mart 16 😱 
Five dollar cotton Walmart shorts are the best, why didn't I find these earlier?!
 OhThe_CuriosiTY I was tryna avoid Walmart but I'm here now lo
I really need to go inside this Walmart but I also don't want to 🤦🏾‍♀️
this girl seen me and soti in walmart she like omg yall so pretty 😭
the fact that every single walmart has different set ups really gets to me
 _AmandaPeterson  Walmart Well, you are a famous, high priced, tv personality. 🤑
 ericksonnat I think you're on to something. I need to go back to Walmart and grab a few more copies
 Takeyoloudpack  pwrcrcleintl did that walmart end up workin out for ya?
one time me and payton put a pleasure pack of condoms into our guidance counselor's cart at walmart 😂  PaytonCarroll1
also only in my life would i be rolled out of fucking walmart in a wheelchair
 CauseWereGuys Bitch at Walmart did that to my twenty so I asked 'is that one real' she said yeah. I said yeah.
This is why they put a Dunkin Donuts in the Walmart 
 Jamaican_Jazzy You try Walmart in the toy section?
 TopSpeedLLC  iThinkIsee12  Bausby31 I think i was behind Bausby at walmart with my wife, didnt say anything in case I was wrong 😀
Biggest mistake I ever did was go into Walmart hungry 🤦🏻‍♀️
only in my life would i have a seizure in the middle of walmart just to have the person who fired me file the incident report
 bebexlwt drunk aunt who passes out in random places like in the middle of the chip aisle at walmart
 bubblebathbear rip, but you can look on ebay, toys r us or even walmart or target if you're looking to find some!
 luzzi_michael  TeamYouTube Bruh Y It's Cause You Need To Post More Then Walmart Maybe Actually Do Like Better Fun… 
 junkfoodguy  SamsClub  Walmart That shirt 💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
Ugh people at Walmart or McDonald's are so slow to take your order or charge you 😤
Casually strolling through Walmart when I find a child laying in a pillow bin on his phone.😂😂  Walmart
The Parent’s Choice Formula Feeding Time Summer 2017 Sweepstakes 
teen sex in walmart a lot like love sex scene 
 MauiTacosHawaii Trump crooks now working on making tacos illegal. A subversive food from Mexico. This will be take… 
 WhyPie  GotItFree  OwnTheOccasion  EdwardsDesserts  I could not fund the new  Edwards Smore Pie  Walmart eventhough they carry other ones.
Why does Walmart look like Black Friday every time I go in there?! 😩
You know damn well what Walmart is 
 walmarthelp  Walmart Not like anything will actually be done about it. My questions Still never got answered
Today was the right day to wear my new  CheeseburgerROH shirt, cause 3 different people in a random walmart in Indiana asked where to buy it
 Vic__ciV Walmart. I have one. Its red
Saw my girl  ItsTameia at Walmart and she didn't even wait on me so I could give her a hug😔😒 FAKE
 tristynlynn  caraglend I went to Walmart there in town so I wasn't runnin around in my suit
UPDATE: Walmart's power has been restored. 
 walmarthelp  Walmart I'll send in feedback tonight, please make sure something is done because these fish don't deserve this neglect.
 jemelehill The way he said,Take loans, like they're sitting on the shelf at Walmart or flowers on the side of the road
Bitch everybody know what Walmart is 
 Tonynotsochill You can. I've gone to Walmart dressed as Eleven before.
school supplies is already out at walmart
The Italian Rose Ghost Pepper salsa from Walmart is no joke 😍🔥🔥🔥  spicy
Walmart run with mom to get stuff for the house
Shopping before church (at  Walmart Supercenter in Wood River, IL) 
Am thinking of applying for a job at either  Walmart or  Target.
Am going to Walmart and Than I'll be sleeping all day tomorrow 😊
It's Sunday and I need to find heavy duty sewing needles.... Walmart, don't let me down. *throws tantrum*
Janet at Walmart ain't fucking around! She's got her own policies.
 djsourmilk WALMART MINION
 horsemandon Walmart ???
Went to get my wallet out of my purse to pay for my things at Walmart only to discover my wallet is not in my purse. 🙃
 Jojo_4214 Gon have to settle for that young Walmart lol
This girl really just called Walgreens to ask for directions to Walmart from KFC....um no
i saw a couple at walmart who looked EXACTLY like elijah and christine and the girl had a fidget spinner and was st… 
I'm at  Walmart in Milford, CT 
 ourminifamily  Blue_Bunny  Walmart About 25 gallons?
 CATHancock  kirstin I picked it up at Walmart yesterday! 🌸
Well, if you don't have air due to power outage, what do you do, wait till you die. Go to Walmart, better yet, is... 
 xomeg_hopexo Bitch idc if I work at Walmart it's a damn job you bitches are so annoying man
I was in Walmart like damn that's a nice toaster oven, I guess this is growing up
 PierrotCurio  Walmart  PierrotCurio We care about our live fish. we’d like to hear more. Please share at… 
Guys it's official allen is getting transferred to a Walmart in vegas! 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Katy, TX 
 TheThrilla_ Walmart 😭
 ParisHilton Funny you even have your own perfume brand sold  Walmart & you don't even know one of your biggest dis… 
HUGE MAKEUP HAUL 2016 | ULTA + WALMART  makeup  bblogger 
 morganjrice walmart has some!
saw all the back to school shit   walmart & about had a fit about going back but i graduated 🤷🏻‍♀️
 aee1977  MarthaVineyard4  SarahPalinUSA You know PRIVATE SALES after they buy them at Walmart
Lookie what Walmart has on their shelves now. 😆😁  schoolsnotoutmuchlonger   Lethbridge, Alberta 
If I see someone  Walmart waiting to get fabric cut I just feel sorry for them...
LIKE BITCH IT'S LITERALLY A BEADED LOOKIN ASS BRACELET YOU CAN MAKE WITH A KIT FROM THE TODDLER SECTION IN WALMART.
😂😂lol I live in London and even I know what walmart is 
 QueenAnna715 How old are you ? Middle school ended a long time ago .. grow up . Now go back to mooching off people and working at Walmart 😂
Alien Covenant Gift Set Preorder is only  19.96 (retail  35)

Walmart is getting tough on suppliers in order to shore up its supply chain efficiency 
Is it bad that I was excited to see repacks at WalMart today?
Nothing quite like being catcalled and stalked multiple times in Walmart...
 KristynxSmith Instant Ear Dry from Walmart is a lifesaver when it comes to swimmers ear
I'll always visit you at Walmart lol 
. Walmart is Christopher Bucholtz right about the checkout app?  GoogleMaps 
"We'll go to Walmart at 4." -Nick

Me: 
 _04_pj_  evision2k  simpledays75  Crystal77J  Gaga4horses And that included a trip to Walmart without any violence ensuing.
people at Walmart make me sick 🤦🏽‍♀️ now I can't even wear them nomore 😭
 jmayfotos if you want the physical hunt yeah it'll be hard. Amazon still has him as does Walmart + the Walmart exclusive
Real question. Why does  Walmart have their entrance on the left side and exit on the right? This is America - walk on the right. 😫
What happened when Walmart left, via  GuardianUS  
 MphsTiger79 Actually Walmart.  Then turned out AWESOME.  Love my electric smoker.
I'll be heading to Walmart soon too because I really want some strawberry shortcake 😩🤤
LUVS Diapers  4.99 at Target or Walmart 
Fred Myer for the win  Walmart takes the L
 natevirnomusic lookin like the walmart brand  jarpad 
Wanna hit up Walmart???? 
At Walmart talking shop wit another plug in the vac seal isle lol fam wanna shop wimme but I'm not going
Dog Days -- I just entered to win  15 PayPal Cash! Open WW or a  15 Walmart GC US Only  giveaway  BeckyWillis 
Al walmart neeneeeee
[4jvc/89u1] I LOVE YOU SO MUCH FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A WHILE & FROM ONE OF THE…—WHAT IS WALMART DO THEY SELL YOUR PERFUME SIS—B O O O M CHA…
  those bitches in walmart  jennaeppinette_ 
 ParisHilton  Bitch You Been To A  Walmart  WhatTheFuckIsWrongYou
Federal Probe Into Killing of Black Man In Walmart Ends; Cop Who Shot Him Won't Be Charged - Atlanta Black Star 
 sparky_artsy   everyone in-game who kept saying phoenix was average af, fight me in a walmart parking lot tonight ,
 AndyVoiceover I found this at Walmart 
 myk31  fart After careful consideration I do not think this played over the PA at a Walmart although it's a wonderful THOT.
 Walmart  AuntieAnnes .... nasty... my wife was in the bathroom with an auntie Anne's employee who didn't wash her hands when she was done!!
I am officially a kayak owner.  Thank you  Walmart for a great deal and free shipping.
 KikuOtter It's a pizza place near the Casselberry Walmart
 ju9x7ri ummmm idk whatever is the cheapest at walmart
 dantdm It's just a fricken shoe, you people can go buy shoes at Walmart
"your depression will go away if you stare at these crystals I got from Walmart"
Straight to Walmart after work... girls night gona be litty
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart clearance and Tuesday Morning haul.
Just saw a Walmart commercial on TVOne with all black couples and bitch I love it
 IngrahamAngle Stop China trade and Walmart folds; stop Russian trade and the price of Vodka goes up a dollar.
Logitech MK360 Wireless Keyboard for  15 + pickup at Walmart - 
 adamcbest  realDonaldTrump What do you wanna bet that Adam would embrace this sign in his neighborhood Walmart? 
 gayrobb I REMEMBER WHEN THEY USED TO SELL THOSE NOTEBOOKS AT WALMART FOR BoeingCK TO SCHOOL SHOPPIN 😩
My life would be easier if I could buy weed from  Walmart or  WinCoFoods 😔
Been going to Walmart 19 yrs never seen a lobster tank 
First time I leave Antonio at home with my mom and all I did was run to Walmart
Now I'm in Walmart and my mom is feeling the need to buy her more things. ❤️
22LR cartridges like nothing**goes to Walmart and tries to buy a round pebble for  350.
Walmart – July 16 – 27-2017 
 EmmaandEllie_ i just saw you guys in walmart but got too scared to say hi , so i'm saying it now ; hello ! i love you guys !!
So after 2 trips to Walmart to get that gaga magazine.. I made them enter it into the system. Magazine guy had ONE… 
Ay somebody come pick me up and give me a ride to walmart please thank u
Guy in Walmart just said I, "look like a whole snack" 😭 I guess I'll take that over "aye lil mama" any day! 
Shout out to the dude leaving WalMart earlier, sporting a beard that put Santa's to shame, and a US flag covered top hat.
Stansport 24pc Enamel Camping Tableware Set for  13 + pickup at Walmart
http:
Walmart is the Best Place for Family Shopping and Events vía  YouTube
Mountain home Walmart makes me wanna walk out into oncoming traffic 🔫
 EsteMesEnT21
Walmart is on fire 
If y'all stay on old National, there's 2 little girls selling water by Walmart to fund their moms transplant surgery. Please go by.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hialeah, FL 
The lady at Walmart got a kick out of this shirt today 😂 
 Walmart bought this yesterday morning...nastiest thing I have everseen!!! 
I'm at Walmart buying some 2x briefs now 🤣🔥🔥 
 nijellee fatties go buy some and don't go to the wrong walmart this time
Walmart – July 16 – 27 
 white_boy65  Walmart  white_boy65 We appreciate your patience. You can also post the details to our feedback team… 
Walmart fire in California set by customer, police say - Fox News 
Back to School smell is in full effect at Walmart!
"Made in America"  Sessions announces the formation of the "Vetting Police" to ensure all products in Walmart are American made - yeh right
i a walmart
I just experienced the creepiest man in walmart😫
 miriiammO Will you go to Walmart w me I need to get something real quick
Does anyone else walk around Walmart in newnan like a lost little kid. Bc same
Lil kid had some foams on at Walmart and told his parents he never gets what he wants. Smdh
omg eric left me by myself in walmart
every Walmart has a reservoir behind it Walmart stands for martial law Martin law if you reverse the letters
Am I childish for wanting a Walmart cape???
"oh my god we could take so many people to walmart and leave them there."
 TechSmartt  I think you should make a 100  challenge in Best Buy and I sow your target video or should I say Walmart
 GeorgiaDirtRoad  Walmart That's makes America great. NO politics NO party Association 😁🎉   realDonaldTrump our 🇺🇸… 
 amywaardxo  EllaEyre  LittleMix The sunglasses look like she got them from the little girls section at Walmart to be honest
 DrSchollsSocks  DrSchollsShoes went to Walmart to use your foot measuring machine. Locked up. Didn't work. Didn't get the insoles we needed
 luzzi_michael use a fire extinguisher at walmart 😂😂🐸
 FattyDragonite Was talking about oreos and I saw these in Walmart. Had to try them as they are a limited edition. 
 thehill Walmart products are made in China 🙄If Libs would stop resisting and work with  POTUS America could bring… 
Paw Patrol Action Pack Pup and Badge, Apollo the Super Pup - 
Someone go walk Walmart w me lol
 Walmart And for another store to substitute a similar item for what was ordered without even a message to us is ridiculous.
They didn't even have to say Walmart. I could tell by his attire. 
Quite literally threw together an ensemble to do a quick shop, and I realized I'm now a real life "people of Walmart"...  disgrace
Just got asked to chill by a sweet lil Walmart employee who helped me ...but he's younger than  keenanmathias & not my type😂🙈  blesshisheart
Walmart Is Beating Amazon's Food Delivery in 1 Important Area 
 Eatin_ct  495 Flatbush Ave  walmart plaza  tacos 
Hey  Walmart stop selling fish if you can't take care of them 
Xbox One S Console with Minecraft, Extra Controller & SW: Battlefront  249.99 via Wal-Mart (Free Shipping).… 
 Walmart “It could be on the top shelf” isn’t an excuse to not get a product shown “in stock” for a specific store.
Every time I shop at Walmart, I'm reminded why I try my hardest to not shop at Walmart.
 Croisière de Luxe: Top story It’s Time To Celebrate TGIBTS With A  100 Walmart… see more 
 Kel_BriBrie I got it once at Captain's Bakery & they sell it in tubs in stores, I've seen it in Walmart, not sure about J'can supermarkets
Waiting in a Walmart parking lot to meet a man about a carpet cleaner. Very dubious.
Walmart run 😒
I'm convinced that all I do when I hang out with my friends is eat and then go to walmart, and if that isn't sad than idk what is
Couldn't be more thrilled to find this  SweetEarthFoods burrito at  Walmart So excited to try. Adulthood means a lot of frozen food for me.
Admbttedly I've never been very hood at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart k holidays + women in mom jelns stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
So my dog got let out of my car and ran into walmart😊
 GiankGL16 Walmart promete 🤷🏾‍♂️😂
 ImThatOrangeGuy  Nogame4321 You have to swim Africa not drive to Walmart bro
 birdkinsuccsama omg i'd join you if i wasn't going to walmart in like 20 minutes
I wanna be friends with the meet & greet guy at Walmart😩❤
I'm still shocked that people don't know about Walmart's disc to digital program: 
The saddest part of my day was seeing the back to school ads at Walmart
 Walmart Curious how, in this day of fulfillment, it’s acceptable for two different stores to screw up online ordering consistently.
Check out my  Speedtest result!  Walmart WiFi getting better? 
Just had a cashier with no hands at Walmart. Would love to see some people's excuses for not having jobs
Walmart food just gave me life 😭
 Resa_Resa23 The whole Walmart here should be arrested!
I'm at Walmart in Heredia 
Whenever I feel sorry for myself, I take my kids to Walmart. Then there's a 100 people feeling sorry for me  parenting
 MarcBodnick  mattyglesias Unlike Walmart and Target, which make retailing decisions based on goat entrails and the phase of the moon
 bLzN_FURY  Nogame4321 ok brb, driving to walmart
Score some  VivaTowels &  Clorox   deals at  Walmart >>  <<  UnleashTheCleanSquad  coupon… 
met the sweetest old man with the sweetest cockatoo in the walmart parking lot☺️ 
Seen a black dude with an All Lives Matter shirt in a Walmart out here.......
the Pell City Walmart has one star on yelp lmao
Toms of Maine. No aluminum and they sell it at Walmart. 
 stevelevine  mikeallen  EdmundPhelps They already are. Walmart employees getting additional benefits from state an… 
I love that there is a man just talking to a stopped car in the middle of the Walmart parking lot so no one can drive around them!!!
 mikyllirose I got mine from no name nutrition for 8 . But I think they sell face pads at Walgreens and Walmart and stuff.
It's National Ice Cream Day. I know it's not big brand or whiskey. It does say Amaretto. It's truly a great ice cre… 
Check out my  Speedtest result!  Walmart WiFi...better than nothing :-P 
Walmart fire in California set by customer, police say 
KF Blue on sale at Walmart Diamond Bar. Bag is smaller weight and still a food deal.   syd  slapyodaddybbq
 LegitBossZayn  ScriptedNotFake  AlvessRickyy Move along now Walmart brand JJ ice fish lookin ass
Really should have bought ice cream at Walmart
 Stormy_aP Saw this on Walmart bro 
six flags is the walmart of amusement parks
At this point, anybody in this Walmart can get smacked..
Walmart Razor Blade Bandits 
Going to get free cookies from the bakery at Walmart 
Literally bought a new desk from Walmart put stuff on it and one leg broke immediately ☹️
UPDATE: Walmart on Ledo Road without power, turning away customers 
We just spent 500 dollars at Walmart and my mom is so mad🙂
Waiting for that VLONe sale at Walmart
Sony Dualshock 4 Controller, Urban Camo (PS4) - 
I liked a  YouTube video HOW TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (INTERCOM PRANK)
Walmart never fails to give me a headache
Guys Keurig Compact is  59 at Walmart..
 morganjrice Walmart, sketchers, croc store shoesforcrews Payless
 Amberiaa__ I ain't forgot about you! I just ain't went to Walmart yet but I promise Ima go today!!!
Cantil Enjoy Sports 0,5 Litros Verde 2 Tons... Apenas R 43.90 Acesse   oferta  desconto… 
 Beth4Dems So we shouldn't see ANY Trump supporters in shopping in Walmart that week I assume!
paris hiltons tweet gave me life and my next insta caption. what is walmart, do they like sell like wall stuff?
 Bronxbombers_98  GaryIsScary Tanaka isn't even a Walmart level ace he's dollar store quality
Walmart would have 30 registers but only 4 ppl working em
........that Walmart video has me on edge...😂😂😂 That lady was so nice because it couldn't be me.
Only at Walmart can a 5 minute oil change take 3 hours
 httpabs Probably not. I'm going with my dad and my grandma is at Walmart
 ParisHilton I'm South African. What is this Walmart you speak of?
If you see me in Walmart looking crazy my sister dragged me there ✌🏾 
Great news to Olay-loving mamas! Olay Roll Back is happening    Walmart now!  olayatwalmart  influenster  contest 
why does walmart have school supplies out rn🤦🏾‍♀️
Went to Walmart and a little girl screamed the ENTIRE time I was in there bc her mother took her phone away. Why are people's kids like this
Check your local Walmart! Huge discount on these  starwars poster prints! Framing and going on the media room wall… 
2.I'd likely kill you before you ever could me..."walmart lady"..umm ya girl this lady a regular a I know for fact she carries a gun legally
Going to Walmart fucks up ur mood for the entire day
Man Accused Of Stealing From Walmart in Raleigh County 
Boycotters I hear  Walmart sells coffee ☕️ 
mood: breakfast at tiffany's playing in the auto care center at walmart
 1DareDevil2017  Vegas040805  77CaptainMarvel  CaptJaneway2017  TheSWPrincess  blackwidows2017  AgentCarter_SSR… 
 Drake72Jason Walmart is so much fun lol but I come out of that store spending wayyy too much money! Lol
I just entered to win tickets to Rascal Flatts at  walmart_amp with  kix104! 
 moten_clarence Bruh you can't say shit with that young ass Walmart T shirt in your avi
I have never seen a kid love walmart as much as mine does🙄
there is a commercial for a hair line being sold at walmart .. that weave looks horrible 😂🤦🏾‍♀️
walked into a walmart with my glitter still on and i'm getting the dirtiest looks
A man sitting in the driver seat in a Walmart parking lot drinking Bud Light and smoking a cig with a "baby on board" sign on the window...
Buy It Now: Sandtrooper – Star Wars Black Series 3.75" Walmart Exclusive figure » via  eBay  StarWars  Stormtrooper
Federal Probe Into Killing of Black Man In Walmart Ends; Cop Who Shot Him Won’t Be Charged via  atlblackstar
 TheFhazed he loud plus the nail shop in Walmart too 😂 
Electrolux Easybox EASY1 1600 W de R  628.39 por R  359.0
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Walmart  7 FPV Gates review: via  YouTube
 AnaLozano_ Joel went to the place next to Walmart it was like  65
people at walmart act so f*cking stupid like no one knows the concept of personal space
I had some buffalo wings from Walmart and BOYYYY they were GREAT 😍😍😍
 urbandoll I'm saving up for a chrome book from Walmart bc my computer broke last semester! So I can't buy any of t… 
Vito is the Walmart version of Mike Khoury
Seeking alternatives now that  Bonobos is owned by  Walmart. I won't purchase any of their products again.
She gone say "dont do that cus if she would of got mad i would have to kill this bitch"..while rolling a blunt in walmart
 boodlesmom Please share this with us at so that we can address this issue.  Thanks for reaching out! - Mo
 morganjrice Walmart
Guess what our Walmart just started carrying 
 MeteoMarsh  NBStormChaser  PEI_Stormchaser  mainly_bacon  Didier_Wx  DeevoSee Oops, missed this. Well, you got my… 
Saw this at my local Walmart today. 
Thanks  Walmart and  Sharpie  it's his 1st year teaching and my 14th.   BackToSchoolShopping 
. Oh_Pish_Posh: Worden ran into me at walmart! 
Me: Did she stop and talk? 
 Flute_Ta_Toot_: or was it a hit and ru… 
As bad as it sounds I love seeing cocky people in highschool bringing in shopping carts at Walmart
staples would be convinent so i'm not busing all over the place BUT walmart i'm guessing would be cheaper
Life is messy, clean up with this (and save    )! ---->  ad  unleashthecleansquad 
Im sick of tre he some every day , im sick of going to Walmart
Idc how famous you are who doesn't know what Walmart is. In my land it's a habitat for cheap wine and wild cheetos 
. Sounds Like Walmart Huh?  straight_arrow 
 HeavyMetalTeddy  HEYDUGGEE  Walmart  CBeebiesLand  CBeebiesMag Aww...She is so beautiful and precious! 💚💚💚💚
would it be cheaper/better if i printed the small prints on photo paper from walmart or should i make it on nice cardstock from staples??
 drgurner Here's what I've had 
Now Hiring: Sr Intrusion Analyst Cybersecurity at Walmart (Bentonville, AR)  privacy  infosec
 andrewschulz Dude just go to Walmart bet there is plenty of mothers there ready to give one away
Walmart run with my folks
Just heard someone drop something in Walmart and I yelled "you break it, you buy it!" Mom immediately hit me and said "shut up".
 thehill WOW next Walmart, Target, Marshalls, Ross & more will be targets for product sourcing. NOT!  THE HILL sinking fast into irrelevance
 Xavielito31 I gotta check my local walmart
 MuguruzaGarbine  sru_189  ytsejam01  dropshotsgalore It's powered by Bing... .Automatic L. Walmart Google
blonde at walmart - m4w (eastgate)  MissedConnections
 TrillMillN7 If industry isn't coming back, we need to at least make sure jobs pay well (can't replace the mining job with  8/hr at Walmart)
Paris Hilton on Twitter: "What is Walmart, do they sell like wall stuff?" see more 
walmart never looked so good 
This walmart big :/
this was me at Walmart 😂😂  yungdomdom 
Y'all don't walk around Walmart and ppl watch?? Can't relate.
I'm at Walmart in Cordoba, VER 
Stansport 24pc Enamel Camping Tableware Set for  13 + pickup at Walmart - 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dayton, OH 
Im so over Walmart and all these people 🙄🖕🏾 fire me cause I can't quit 😂
 teddyboycoxon but its iconic and tbh sarah jane adventures is like a walmart version of doctor who you need to up your game
every time i shop at walmart it feels very strange and when i leave it's almost like no time has passed. walmart is a Powerful liminal space
 luzzi_michael You should go to target or walmart and get a gallon of oil and throw it across the store or get wate… 
I'm really hoping I get Hi chews while I'm at walmart
anyways I don't have the money to support another dog but if I had been at that walmart w my parents I would have a golden retriever rn
Five Nights At Freddy's SISTER LOCATION Plush Set Of 5 Walmart Exclusive Bonnie 
 donson_jay  Nixanadoo  Bradrad12  HyRuleKing  jackdalie  Youxia_Panda  isis_whitehead  JonSmith02134… 
Pet Dog Cat Puppy Bed Mat Soft Blanket 70cm x 60cm/ 27.5 x 23.6 inch 
 Walmart your customer service sucks, I've been on hold for over 15 minutes, I spent less time in the store, got hu… 
or a mcdonald's in walmart 
 aa9skillz You should go to Walmart. inedit scenes.
 morganjrice or even Walmart
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 30 Points! WOO HOO!!
there's a newborn in front of me at walmart and i am crying and idk it's my hormones or wut lol but she's so beautiful
I really hate Walmart trips lol
if these were sold at walmart and didn't have balenciaga slapped on them, would y'all still buy them? 
 luzzi_michael watch my walmart videos 
Walmart fire in California set by customer, police say via the  FoxNews app 
To Walmart I go...need a new puzzle 🙄
chANEL VS WALMART 
My mom, grandma and I all show up to Walmart at once 😂
 BillSchmidRadio so is the Yankees return policy the same as Walmart's? 
 MeteoMarsh  mainly_bacon  DevoSee View from northside Walmart.  nbstorm  yfc  jmclife 
 Costco  Walmart  KFC_UKI_Help  NestleUSA  Hersheys if you want to support inhumane butchering of animals &  pander… 
 Clare_OC cool to see you used my pic in this article. But can you make sure to credit photo sources, plz? 
I love trips to Walmart because you can literally wear whatever and nobody cares. 
S/O to all the single moms w/children making it work doing groceries at Walmart. You're all superstars, respect.
When standing in a line at Walmart is any question too stupid to ask? 
 urbandoll A cute as backpack or binders would be nice because my mom always gets whatever is affordable at walmart
 _wickedlaughter We should ! We can get all that from Walmart
They move so slow in this Covington Walmart
Lesson of the day always expect the unexpected. Walked into Walmart right ad two guys started a fist fight  muncie  walmart
 aaprilyanda  Bradleywalk13  Walmart dragon slayer
 luzzi_michael Get More Walmart Vest And Kick People Out
"mom can we please go to walmart to see the lobsters in the tank ?" 
This Walmart employee is disturbingly enthusiastic about their job.

I'm gonna get murdered
Walmart is literally making the manager come over bc my dad is buying alcohol with me and I'm underage BITCH WHAT I'm with my dad
 DunkinDonuts  CZiegler11 every time i go to the dunkin on state i'm disappointed. it's almost worth getting out of… 
I hate walmart
Ima take this hoe back to Walmart and get my money back 😂
 luzzi_michael Turn off all the lights at Walmart
Walmart is looking out for us 
i forgot to add at walmart wtf
PSA TO ALL WALMART SHOPPERS: Please stop leaving plants in the curtain aisle, they do not go there. Thank you.
This sexy Walmart cop better stop flirting with me and being so nice before I fall in love 😩😍❤️
 lemonparfait well it depends on if walmart has it lol
 luzzi_michael doing your dares at walmart :)
Walmart puts me in an extremely bad mood 😒
Found this outside. Yours if you want it.  pokemon   Walmart Cromwell 
 luzzi_michael Stay 24 hours in Walmart all night 🤷🏽‍♀️
 Walmart Please turn the air conditioning on in NC! It is hotter than hades in your stores🔥  ridiculous  summer
I miss the fish tanks that used to be inside Walmart.. that was always a highlight of going in there
 thepioneerwoman My Walmart still doesn't have any magazines 😢 any word on when the subscriptions will be available.
Head down, hat on and maybe none of these kids from my school will recognize me at Walmart 😬
Walmart is the worst!
Cuzzz in walmart 
 luzzi_michael Walmart dares
 luzzi_michael Walmart
why tf is walmart so packed rn
Lord forgive me but I just went to Walmart and forgot to scan two of my hair products ... well ..... the lord knows my heart
 GillButterwick Walmart
Man I saw this chocolate Queen at Walmart today! Her skin was so smooth, eyebrows fleeked, edges laid! 😍 we made eye contact & I froze up
 AnnCoulter First Berkeley, now Delta...what's next Walmart? Can't a righteous woman get a biscuit?
When my dad was stationed in Louisiana the walmart was the club
I just found something cheaper on  Walmart than  Groupon.  shoparound 
Who needs a school reunion when you have a local  Walmart
24-Piece Stansport Enamel Camping Tableware Set  12.93 + Free Store Pickup ~ Walmart 
Running to Walmart feels like a vacation
 AMC_TV  WalkingDead_AMC  FearTWD On Clearance! Not even Walmart can make these two popular 
 skogkatts okay everything in there looks EXACTLY the same as the walmart down the street from me
 CRotondi  Walmart Where did they put a Walmart in Bayonne? (I grew up there)
I went to WalMart to buy a bike (i know)
Asked for a manager
I got a 10% discount
That was years ago
 BRENT2LiT lol why walmart.
tear in my heart just came on in walmart and I literally tripped
 KatyyAnnn well, it's a start. there's a sale on ammo at walmart
Walking around Walmart and a group of old ladies asked if they could give us hugs.. I'm literally never coming back to Ohio.
I was walking in Walmart and I see a boy wearing a maverick shirt  BeAMaverick  LOGANG4LIFE  LoganPaul
Man Accused of Stealing From Walmart 
About to go in Walmart for ONE thing !
Walmart basically a time machine. You be in there for hours and dont even know
 bufflesbro ||WALMART IS EVIL! EEEEEVVIIILLLL!
 Dubai2Fly_ Lmaoo thanks *runs to Walmart*
My experiences at Walmart are probably the main reason I want to leave Gainesville
Walmart Gift Card Giveaway:  Nike  NikeLovers  NikeGiftCard
Not only does this woman have the audacity to go the the 10 items and under line with more..she breaks out the coupons.. gotta love Walmart
I fucking miss Walmart
Walmart chicken salad is beautiful, do recommend
It's picnic time! Bring my Strawberry Chicken Salad Sandwich Wraps &  BlueLizardSun  ad 
 jacksfilms I feel this is relevant to your interests (found at walmart) 
boutta get that walmart line-up
 youngblackcon Also, no I don't want to buy or sell YOUR overpriced makeup. I like my Walmart stuff just fine. I kn… 
How could I lose my momma in Walmart?😑🤦🏽‍♀️
 joshcvt  LikeTheMaps Walmart isn't responsible for the shitty quality of life in WVa or the low life expectancy.
/ look who I found at Walmart guys :) 
 joshcvt  LikeTheMaps Not to get all Kevin Williamson, but Walmart closing doesn't mean they can't find someplace e… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bayonne, NJ 
 قسم_التقنية AmeriHome 2-Step Steel Utility Stool for  24 + free shipping: Walmart offers the 
 emilymartin55 One of which should be the Lansing Walmart tbh
Church sign: "walmart isnt the only saving place"

🤔 sometimes walmart doesnt having much savings. But okay
 STEELERLOCO  jcompany49  KimmiOsborne  TerranceCreamer  Ronnie52932894  4TheJerseyKid  gilligan_girl  Warrior417… 
this is why walmart sketches me out 😭 my heart stopped they walked so close to my car
Saw this bxtch that ran her mouth so bad a year ago trying to defend her family, working at Walmart
my driving experiences so far:
drive around the block!
drive to Walmart!
drive to McDonald's!
DRIVE YOUR VOMITING SISTER TO THE HOSPITAL
Currently   the seagoville Walmart & its like the great flood outside
Deadass I go to Walmart and see this  imdavisss 
Bout to ask for a sample of this Walmart chicken with no intention on buying any 
25 Things You Won't Believe You Can Buy At Walmart Right Now 
S&P 500, Dow at Records as Walmart,  Boeing Lead Broad Gains -  TheStreet_News : 
Your mom   Walmart  louvreIess 
 liliuhms I used to stalk and eventually snag one from a local walmart! Isn't perfect so I… 
Hurry! FREE +  3.04 Money Maker Right Guard Xtreme Antiperspirant at Walmart! 
 Nixanadoo  Bradrad12  donson_jay  HyRuleKing  jackdalie  Youxia_Panda  isis_whitehead  JonSmith02134… 
I wish Walmart delivered
My engine calls for 5W 40 oil. Walmart O'Reillys and AutoZone do not have it here locally.
The Indian land Walmart is weird
this guy just made the staff at walmart lose their minds, Long But Worth It 
 OhSoFrieda  PebblesPEB  twilgaming  chbrugge  miazga_s  cindy4419  antigonea  FireflyRaine Id rather have walmart
I liked a  YouTube video KICKED OUT OF WALMART
y'all so loyal to Target but who's there for you at 2am when you're bombed and just need some donuts? not target 

Walmart is there
 SANDRAYYCNW Yup, I bet his hands are as soft as a baby's bottom. And btw the real cowboys in my family wear walmar… 
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance via  forbes 
 MTcowboy3250  Bradrad12  donson_jay  HyRuleKing  jackdalie  Youxia_Panda  isis_whitehead  JonSmith02134… 
We're Buying What At Walmart?!  NewVlog  YouTUBE 
 MercedesAnnee i seriously hate when people say "fuck 12" or call them pigs, etc . like who are you gonna call when… 
Walmart having the blue bags with the yellow smiley face. 
The lady at Walmart is making fun of Kirsten's sunburn 😂💀
 Thomas1774Paine Yes, but I'd rather see people take their biz to ebay, walmart, etc than have govt try to fix with ham hands!
i lost my mom in walmart send help!!
I went to Walmart for the first time in forever today and I never regretted something more
ugh i'm at walmart so i can't stress about the comment thing properly rn but. I'm Stressed
Canny versus the Walmart coffee table - a saga in three parts 
 collin_maine Walmart
**HAHA**Walmart Canada Will Remove 'Racist' Onesie From Shelves Following Outcry 
Start planning early to make sure that your vested retirement isn't the blue best of a WalMart greeter.  
 anthonykbdavis2  PebblesPEB  twilgaming  chbrugge  miazga_s  cindy4419  antigonea  FireflyRaine And Walmart stutte… 
Back to School shopping at Walmart pick up PURELL Advanced Hand Sanitizer to keep germs from spreading.  PURELL  Gotitfree  Walmart
Ya hay Wet 'n Wild en la Walmart. 😭😭😭
 leandrelevel Man I hate that damn store ! Fuck you  walmart
 Walmart please tell me you're not actually trying to compete with Amazon, etc. with your online order pickup. What a joke this has been.
Hell yeah when u goin to the beach I need a vacay fr but u got to tell me early cause Walmart be doin our schedule… 
 jonscott9 ESPN is the Walmart of sports for a reason.  internwithathesaurus
Cuz Walmart?
 Cryptoterra walmart is punk
Whoever found my card and tried using it at Walmart is lame as hell🙄
im gonna be bigger than walmart
yo fuck walmart I wanna die
Saw the hottest dilf at walmart and also a cute girl hello walmart is POPPIN
My go to deodorant! so many scents and lasts all day .You can pick yours up at  Walmart today!   contest… 
Heb is Walmart with food
Is it just me or did Walmart's use to have whole arcades in them? Lol
 Purell love your product. I  GotItFree  Walmart
 mariahaalexis Walmart!they also have L'Oréal infallible pro glow if your skin is dry! Tartes shape tape is also gr… 
this homeless dude was walking around walmart smoking a cig
Just ran into Steve Manuel at Walmart and yes it was the highlight of my weekend.
Interview with Frank Yiannas of WalMart on new IBM  Blockchain Technology for World Class Traceability - YouTube… 
 FaZeApex Or into walmart
If anyone would like to get me some snicker doodle cookies from Walmart I'd greatly appreciate you
all it's POINT so walmart
My aunt on finding out that Walmart no longer has her favorite shorts online: "They can go fuck themselves" 🤔  shitdebsays
Walmart packed
Headed to Walmart on a Sunday afternoon. Pray for me
 Kingshound I got mine at Walmart!
a group of hood niggas just came in Walmart....
TOTAL FAIL! The Funniest People at Walmart randomlyfunnystuf... 
This is why California needs single payer healthcare. They shouldn't be able to afford Wal-Marts. 
If im at walmart and i see a group of empoyees talking together..i walk up and ask...is this a UNION meeting? The look on their face is fear
I just went to Walmart to get some stuff and at the express checkout part I dropped a  20. This lady in front of... 
I miss when Walmart had that aisle full of fish
Holy shit, I totally forgot about the lobster tanks Walmart used to have. I used to be scared af of those, I'd run past them & everything 😂😂
I hate that everytime i go to Walmart i get more than i need
 MoneyGangKe I'm sure you'll find something, you're good at custom service 🙃🤗 seeing that walmart recognized you for it
 CameronHefner Walmart is going to start the shopping online thing and you drive thru and pick it up. Like you can… 
 waites_chloe That's so far away. People have gotten it from Walmart but everytime I go it's never there and I rly want some
 thelifeofsammi I’m going to Walmart to buy tan 😂
Jess won't let me sit in the cart and push me around Walmart 😖😢 tryingtofitin
Celebrating a quiet Sunday after an awesome Jimmy Buffett concert last night!  WhyIPie  GotItFree  OwntheOccasion  EdwardsDesserts  Walmart
That pharmacy at my local WalMart is absolutely the best..they are so efficient, friendly and helpful, grateful to have them.
[Walmart] Black & Decker 40V Lithium Sweeper Vac  94 
 Kylejfiesty Same here. I hate Walmart for what they do to small businesses but they’re so cheap and I don’t have m… 
Spent like 20 minutes in Walmart looking for toilet paper...
 anthonykbdavis2  PebblesPEB  twilgaming  chbrugge  miazga_s  cindy4419  antigonea  FireflyRaine But👏 we👏 do👏 thoug… 
But son went strait to Walmart lol Bank of America ain't seen me at Walmart in forever
 realDonaldTrump 

Econony, apparently not so robust for 
brick & mortar retail. Since 2015, Walmart has closed 750 stores world wide .
.
 lnthetrenches WALMART AND ROSS ARE THE ONLY PEOPLE THAT CARRY HER PRODUCTS
Lmfao this man I can hear him now "THIS AINT NO WALMART. MISS GAMBLE HOWS YOUR BROTHER?" 
GUYS LIME SKITTLES ARE BoeingCK FOR A LIMITED TIME AT WALMART
NEW ⚠ All USA people need to see this! ⚠ WALMART 2017 
I love PURELL® Advanced Hand Sanitizer’s 2X sanitizing strength! Not as harsh on your hands!    GotItFree  PassThePURELL  Walmart!
 Flyinspacejelly Thanks for alerting us.  Please share with management and with our corporate office, here: - Mo
 JD  100+ GUARANTEED IN ONE YEAR. MARK THIS DOWN. Walmart & Tencent backing. Buffett is next  Walmart 
Walmart: Purell Hand Sanitizer Only  0.67! on  bloglovin
Walmart the True Story: What They Don't Want You To See 
A woman at Walmart said she had the same shirt as me and then destroyed me and said she looks better in it because she's tanner than me
Well this girl survived a trip inside Walmart. Thank God for CBD oil. Stayed calm the whole time!
 DreGambiino Why are there "entrance" and "exit" doors at Walmart when everyone walks both ways through both
Today I pat myself down at Walmart looking for my wallet. ...It follows. 😅
 Nixanadoo  MTcowboy3250  donson_jay  HyRuleKing  jackdalie  Youxia_Panda  isis_whitehead  JonSmith02134… 
 kevin_reiss This same Walmart has been profiled a few times: 
Growing Up Poor: Don't have a basketball goal, so you break the bottom out of a Walmart bag and hang it on the clothes line.
I need to go to Walmart but I don't feel like it.
Okay so everyone who told you me u can get the cookie dough cafe cookie dough at Walmart lied to me
 JEdwar247  SRTanning I say roosters by the walmart on south side of town. Food is really good and really priced great too.
I fucking hate Walmart
I'm in Walmart and this man is walking around with a real parrot sitting on his shoulder .. No string no leash nothing
Is it still cool to buy vinyl if you bought it from a supermarket?   Tesco  vnyldig  Walmart  vinyl   TheVinylFactory  supermarket  Tesco
Here's the Next  350 Retail Stock -  TheStreet_News : 
 CrazyAhhLantis_ Bitch and then they made us drive to Walmart Bc they didn't have change for  100
I can't tell what's worse the lines at fiesta or Walmart 😂
just cleaned my room and now im going to walmart ✌🏼✌🏼✌🏼
Now Hiring: Technical Expert - Cybersecurity with Active Directory focus at Walmart (Bentonville,…  privacy  infosec
Walmart - Cinta Modeladora Em Cotton Emborrachado - Bege - My Lady - R   49,90  promoção  
I read this out loud in Walmart & started laughing & I said I love when racists cry and this wyt lady got mad lmao… 
Sooo what you're saying Walmart bouta have an opening 🤔 
These long ass lines at walmart make you second guess everything you buying
I'm telling you if you pick me up and say we're going to Walmart I WILL BE THE HAPPIEST GIRL! I love Walmart...
her: you went to walmart without me?? don't ever do that again
we leave for vacay on thursday and i just went to walmart and spent  200 on snacks 😂😂😇
damn tried to steal some film from Walmart and got caught LMAO
Walmart's ability to instantly trigger anxiety and depression just from being in the environment is an impressive feat.
 Pennysplace  jcompany49  KimmiOsborne  TerranceCreamer  Ronnie52932894  4TheJerseyKid  gilligan_girl  Warrior417… 
Checks snap map to make sure you won't run into anybody at Walmart😂
Lord let these light go out in Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️
I hate Walmart.
Go to Walmart and ask them if they can make you "a deal" and watch your ass get laughed out the building 
Why try it here
 chief_danney  clittycatz I'm a Walmart 7 1/2
Queen of not knowing what Walmart is 
I really want to go to walmart but I'm too lazy to get up.
Awesome car we saw outside of Walmart in Lebanon today!  nightmarebeforechristmas  timburton  outofthedarkness.org… 
WALMART ON 441 ALWAYS GOT THE RATCHETS😂........I'M SEEING IT 1ST HAND
He like WalMart but music 
So who coming to see me at Walmart today.... 
aye i got them walmart shorts too 
Just followed a stranger around Walmart for 5 minutes because I was scrolling on twitter :/
He went from working to Burberry to pacsun. 💀 talking about channel to Walmart.
How Walmart uses AI to serve 140 million customers a week

Target is expensive idk why you guys fuck with that place, it's all about walmart
3 trips to Walmart in one day will give you a migraine 🙄
 DelaneyH11 Walmart
Delete your snapchat!

<<<

male enhancement at walmart nsa sex stands for  bondage  event   愛知
I'm already turnt and my mom decides to come to Walmart and Idk if this is the best place to be while turnt
Walmart blaster pulls. One auto to 70, 2 Eloy Jimenez (one ice parallel), Trout ice parallel, dansby and gleyber. 
 _SarahDarling  COWGIRLmagazine  Walmart  barnesandnoble It was lovely to read the magazine on the train home from… 
True story: I was pulling into Walmart last night and this guy took seriously 10 minutes to park.. he took up 2... 
 Sarcasticsapien But like Target's brand, not Walmart's.
Spearing niggas in Walmart 😂😂😂😂  SalatJones 
Walmart time 😬 
 TheBlazeKeith  andrewpcurrier  Hecate40  SaraGonzalesTX  JasonButtrill  WorldOfStu  PatandStu  JeffyMRA  Walmart… 
This is a new one. Instead of Walmart's coming destroying small town America, it's Walmart's leaving destroying it. 
does the College Dr walmart have a nail salon in it?
 AMZN realizes brick mortar isn't dead (  WFM BO) while  Walmart already has 4K stores in PRIME locations.  
Go ahead suitcases are on sale in Walmart 
 Redhead6886  andrewpcurrier  Hecate40  SaraGonzalesTX  JasonButtrill  WorldOfStu  PatandStu  JeffyMRA  Walmart… 
I been lurkin' in the Walmart... 
 sinisterSongs

Lurks and Days 
 sinisterClassics

Whatever lurks, Man
 sinisterObsoletePhrases
Majority of people who shop at Walmart all the time and complain for no reason at all. 
Need to go to Walmart but just to lazy🤦🏾‍♀️
Boy: I had a dream I was cuddling you 
Me: cute! I dreamt I was roller blading in Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in San Antonio, TX 
 HechoEnFlorida She was gon run outta Walmart w/ bread and lunch meat next. He ruined EVERYTHING.
"Are we taking the blunt inside Walmart?"
"20 points"
bruh been at walmart for 4 days now. yall still aint finish his truck?  Walmart 
Today at Walmart a man asked if kasia and I are sisters.....bc we look so much alike, obviously
Somebody run down to the Walmart store and grab a bag of Quik Krete
Luke: "Don't they sell Xanex at Walmart?"
At Walmart with a Blackhawks shirt on. Some guy tried to pester me about the team. I don't know anything about them. This shirt was free. 😐
 Walmart
Chinese psychiatric men in Shenzhen Wal-Mart supermarket hacked 2 people, the injured 9 people

 CNN… 
I'm so bored I'm actually considering going to Walmart. And I hate Walmart.
 leahpizzalee Didn't c fuck some guy in the Walmart parking lot
 hannahjurgens I'm 23 and got carded for buying spray paint at Walmart because I "looked 16" 🙃 I fee your pain
 UglyKid  maria_mortimer I had forgotten all about Walmart lobster tanks until this tweet! Holy throwback
when I ask people where they get leggings that aren't see-through and they tell me Walmart. BITCH DO U REALLY THINK I DIDNT TRY THAT
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
Walmart having the smiley face 
Enter to  Win a  500 Walmart Giftcard  Walmart  giftcard  Giveaway  contests . Enter here!! 
 ChickFilBlake Walmart
 EpGoCray Walmart
 FoxNews  JudgeJeanine 'Judge' Jeanine: the Jerry Springer of People's Court. think People of Walmart Traffic Court… 
Between the thot mall and Walmart .. it's over w
Shitting in Walmart rn I can feel myself getting AIDS
 _xxdomo walmart
I really fucking HATE Walmart!!!!!!
 sabrina_clegg Walmart has decent ones for cheap!!!!
So my step dad said yea me and your mom have been walking now my sister asked where he really said inside of Walmart we go and walk
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Johnsburg, IL 
Walmart says "“More than 99 percent of our associates earn above minimum wage. In fact, the average hourly wage... 
Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it!  affiliate  food  pickup
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dallas, GA 
I will always go to the dollar store for cleaning stuff, I'm not trying to spend  4 or more on something at Walmart that I can get for  1. 😇
Funko pop! Vinyl exclusive Walmart batman vs superman 2 pack gitd  DC comic... 
Some dumbass ass white boy called me a queer at Walmart and i pushed him into a puddle and ran💀
I was laying in bed remembering how  _aliyahjean &  _kaleyhamilton called out a bitch in Walmart bro omg 😂😭
I just saw Dr. Marshall at Walmart 😂  love that guy. A whooolleeee clown
walmart women that fuck xxx heather kozar porn 
Just had the best grocery shopping experience ever as they were playing  PTXofficial at Walmart!  🖤💖💙💚💛 made for a great Day.
 kp_kristina17 I've always loved Walmart
 richmickelroy Every 'Walmart store' is really a Tardis. So, yes.
sidenote: I don't think the Walmart in Hartford has its air on and that's just rude honestly
 uma_merman Boy Meets Boy [DVD] -    
 SundayDrunk1  jeffbalke  jookyhc Nor is leaving a Walmart with six bags of groceries and a new vacuum cleaner that… 
BREAKING NEWS 
There is one too many crying kids in Walmart right now for my nerves to handle
 OhSoFrieda  twilgaming  chbrugge  miazga_s  anthonykbdavis2  cindy4419  antigonea  FireflyRaine I wish! Can Sam jo… 
I hate when I get all the way to Walmart to realize I left my wallet at home. Granted I live very close but this has happened one too many
preorder today! 
Walmart Summer Beauty Box 
 SUKnives as a cashier at walmart, I can confirm that the weirdos come out at night lmao
 Snarkaroni We have been acquired by Walmart, but assure you Jet will maintain the same Jet-tastic service with gre… 
Was in Walmart minding my business and this lil monster snuck up on me. 
WallyWorld 
. ADisElevated is at the Walmart at 2310 East Serene till 2p. For the first stop on the Backpacks 4 Class Acts tour! 
 RickyPDillon 🤷🏻‍♀️ sounds like a walmart version of o2l to me
 PebblesPEB  twilgaming  chbrugge  miazga_s  anthonykbdavis2  cindy4419  antigonea  FireflyRaine Could we please ge… 
 JAZZYMOtheISSUE Shoulda grabbed that yesterday when I was in Walmart
 Purell advanced hand sanitizer can reduce school absentees by up to 50% when part of a clean hands routine. Buy yours at  walmart  goitfree
 marrahrebel Walmart  blessed you today
my kids are armed against germs with Purell hand sanitizer, it works better than other brands   PURELL,  GotItFree and available  Walmart
 lmb318 I am an independent distributor for ItWorks, a single mommy of 2 that I am fighting for, and a full time De… 
 zer0girl84  Skittles  Walmart  eBay Yeah but it isn't fair that I have to pay double the price because  Skittles c… 
 IFThunder  bax_books  jonrog1 DJT, Paris Hilton and the Walmart grandkids aren't exactly Dagny Taggart and Hank Re… 
it's tough to tell if someone is smoking meth or just really excited about Walmart's everyday low prices.
 walmart your store in Hampton va mysteriously don't have 7 switches which showed in stock online and in the store when she scanned. Fishy
*at walmart*
Me: wow this is like  5 less than   target!
Bf: y do u go to target?
Me: bc it's TARGET
Bf: ????
Me: plz stop b4 I break up w u
Just saw a  Walmart employee smoking a cigarette and spitting at a bench in front of the store. Stay classy.
Just pulled these from first 4 packs of Walmart blaster....Not bad, auto  d to 70. 
If you create a "slip n slide" in Walmart for some IG likes you most likely need a job
 SerenaAlfaro Walmart has it too now surprisingly. It used to be Kroger only for awhile.
New on ONE (1) FoodSaver FM2000 System (Available at Walmart): FoodSaver Save on ONE (1… 
Me IRL

 JillianMcLeod05  breakoutpass Walmart has it. So in my opinion easy to find.
 flowers_kalyn TAYLOR STEVENSON THINKS WALMART and i'm disappointed
 alejandroxrico You watching the Walmart brand of MTV
New  2/1 Luvs Diapers Coupon ~ ONLY  4.97 at  Target &  Walmart 
I was at Walmart for like an hour and half I originally said nomore than 45 mins 🤦🏾‍♀️😂😋
I've had 2 creepy guys follow me in Walmart today. 😊🙄
 LoveelySamantha They're everywhere online just search for the name & theyll pop up I usually just do Walmart or wa… 
 ummmno21 Then there are some automatic "no's", like Walmart..
what u do is a walmart brand what u need 
 rosegoldvomit Chanel bitch where do you think I buy my glam??? Walmart? 😂
 HeavyMetalTeddy  HEYDUGGEE  Walmart  CBeebiesLand  CBeebiesMag Awww.. blessed baby... you're a sweet daddy! 💖💕💕
I just got followed around Walmart IM OFFICIALLY GETTING THICK 😂🤣😭
I'm so upset right now!!
I just went to Walmart for some stuff I didn't need... and, didn't really want... As I... 
Straight to the Walmart DVD bin 
Well.  Sinus infection getting better due to antibiotics and other meds..now coffee pot is dead....Walmart here... 
 ShakerEzaizat Don't let her purchase another donut! Tell her to go to Walmart!
they're playing Country Roads in Walmart... dang i love West Virginia
 DayJamesday1 Wait you have Walmart's that aren't?
 lexycureton if ANYONE answers walmart.........
 KirschNeta I wrote this one in the checkout at Walmart two days ago, oddly enough. 
love PURELL hand sanitizier is the best compared to other brands  PURELL,  GotItFree  available  Walmart
Bella is the family dollar version of old Miley tbh. Not even the Walmart version, lower.
Someone hit me w the addy to this Walmart bruh!! 😂😲 
When we lived in Alice I thought the walmart was so special cause they had those, I guess Alice isn't so special 🙃🙃… 
48 hours after estimated arrival time. Great service walmart, I still dont have my item.
 hulagrrl210 That's really, really early... I was just seeing Halloween masks in  Walmart
This happened to me when I saw a lady guzzling popcorn chicken out of a 48-ounce cup.  Also the last time I set foo… 
 BrandyLJensen This happened to me when I saw a lady guzzling popcorn chicken out of a 48-ounce cup.  Also the last… 
 TheDemocrats in Congress would be shocked to learn that  Walmart depends almost entirely and exclusively on Chinese imports.
There's nothing more terrifying than parking your brand new car in Walmart's parking lot
I'm heading to  Walmart to go to see big trip and we need some snacks and some drinks
okay help, quickly. walmart has a case of mason jars but the price is per jar. I only want one but they aren't individually packaged.
Enjoying a day by the pool having a slice of Edwards S’mores Crème Pie!  WhyIPie,  GotItFree,  OwnTheOccasion,  EdwardsDesserts  Walmart
What is this hype about Champion??? Shit was a Walmart brand growing up
Is there anyone who actually enjoys going to Walmart when it's packed and the lines are backed up to the clothes section? 🤔
It aint matter where we was, or when it was... it could of been at Court or Walmart, when me n James Jenkins... 
Local residents shopping at Walmart on camp visiting day must feel like I do when I accidentally end up in a Macy's on December 24th....
Walmart, Amazon, Rakuten & Tesco have ended their association with sale of whale products in  Japan we urge  SPARInt to do this to  OpWhales
I'm very disappointed in the overall quality decline of  Jet since they were purchased by Walmart. Less selection, higher prices and quotas.
 SBPanduh Walmart by the fishing gear.
I'm at Walmart and this guy has steady been following me walking behind me to stare at my ass. I'm about to fucking blow up.
 Guntalk I can take a 1911 to Walmart but typically leave my Garand at home :)
 emmichele01 But I honestly did think you were sweet when we met at the Walmart parking lot. I told jimmy "I can't… 
 Daddy_Warpig To be fair tho she probably got it in a walmart for under 10 dollars. Lots of folk walk around in t-s… 
I liked a  YouTube video Own the School Year Like a Hero | Back to School with Walmart
Walmart Mattress Expands in Seconds! Full Size Bed Instantly 
remember when Walmart had mcdonalds, ahh those where the days
 gindaanis  OldNavyCA Good. Maybe they took Walmart's lead.
Walmart is the move when me and my girl bored. 
 Meaganmcmichael  kcasserlyyyy He ended up picking out one at Walmart that doesn't match his room at all but oh wel… 
Amazon and Walmart are super convenient and cheap until you get into a hellish return situation or need any form of customer service
This is the ice cream sandwich to buy so your  NationalIceCreamDay isn't ruined  cstore  grocery  Walmart  jet  
Shell came up there the week up Thanks giving 2002 remember we met them at the Walmart.
Mini Vela Branca Cj com 10 Hudson 2875... Apenas R 18.90 Acesse  Casa  oferta  desconto… 
I wanna go to walmart real quick to buy a storage drawer. I'm lonely I wish I had someone to tag along. I'll just go later.
16 People Who Show Us That Walmart Is Another World Entirely 
Walmart: Purell Hand Sanitizer Only  0.67! 
 Camazing___ Walmart
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the viral jobs push back into the U.S.!  hipster  trump
"What's your name?"
"Price"
"Bryce?
"No Price like Walmart" 
 JaclynDeAug  Walmart They should really hire my wife and I a personal greeter as many times as we go to Walmart. LOL
Ohio man says he was stuck by syringe while trying on trunks at Walmart: 
Great book! Not a big Walmart fan, but this man is a legend. Really enjoying this read. 
My boujee self when i go to my hometown Publix acting like I wasn't buying groceries at the Statesboro Walmart 2 da… 
Bullet Weights 1-oz Bank Sinkers, 16pk - 
Deadass found a knife in Walmart 
Walmart don't have no bikes😩
 EdwardsDesserts was perfect for my bday celebration. This is  WhyIPie and  GotItFree  Walmart. Everyone absolutely love it.  OwnTheOccasion
Why the hell is he triggered by Walmart?
I'm going to get me something to eat from Walmart 🤤🤤🤤🤤
There was an actual baby screaming in Walmart just now that sounded like that scream in the Led Zeppelin immigrant song
Before going to Walmart for a cheap  DIY will, read this.  EdwardOlkovich  MoneySense 
walmart savage vs chanel savage *im bored dont   me 
Reynoldsburg Walmart on Sunday is nirvana. 
 morbidentree  TrueNugget  JosepineFluff my brother literally got fired from walmart for stopping someone from stea… 
This walmart got a mcdonalds guess who buying themselves some stress food
 kevinnGls So sorry you are upset!  Please reach out to us at so that we can assist you. - Mo
 sc0ttster WALMART! 😭 they even new flavors. WOW!
I Scream  NationalIceCreamDay  IceCreamDay  food  foodie  FoodiesFestival  desserts  dessert  baskinrobbins  baskinrobin  Walmart  eat
walmart will never go broke
 thehill  Walmart silent on foreign-made products for "Made in America" week 
"WHAT WOULD SAM WALTON SAY"?
"This man came up to me in the Walmart parking lot and said 'Don't you remember me? We had a one night stand?' And I said 'NOOOO WE DIDNT!'"
Just remembered my parents never bought us kites so we'd tie Walmart bags to a string and pretend. I did a lot of pretending as a child
 BaileyFregia Well dang. Walmart may have some?
 nfor_nee son the shit was crazy.. like walmart don't gaf ab they workers..
A Nintendo Switch at Walmart is over 400 dollars when it's 300 at GameStop.  Walmart Can you price match? Help me out here guys!
Power is out at  Walmart on Ledo Road. Lightning struck generator around 2:15 manager says.  WALBNews10 
itisalovelylife : It's Time To Celebrate TGIBTS With A  100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway 
No lie, there is a man blessing another man in the middle of the peanut butter and canned goods isle in the Boone Walmart rn
Walmart— TRIGGERED
I NEED to go to Walmart
 GeorgiaDirtRoad  Walmart Good ole wally world. They actually gave him a  10 gift card. Why not a Chinese made American flag too.
 thebettyneptune Yes. Try Walmart lol   waitingforkh3  kh3  gotmykh3shirtonamazon  psyched
V and suga signature might be wrong but it was worth it 5  at walmart so happy😭😀😀 
Why the fuck did 3 military helicopters fly over Walmart
 MikeSteb hardly but you're screwed. try to find something at walmart that's Made in America. sorry gop & nra are h… 
Last month's Walmart receipt─? 
 HeavyMetalTeddy  HEYDUGGEE  Walmart  CBeebiesLand  CBeebiesMag Sweet Dollie holding a Dollie 😊
The very latest from  CFarleymusic  muddigger  ItAintOver  MudDigger8 out now everywhere!  Walmart
 Tammeister We want our customers to feel comfortable reaching out to management for help.  Please share about this… 
Having to be in Walmart for so long is not helping my mental state rn
Yesterday my nieces guilted me into blowing  80 on them at Walmart  imasucker
walmart post up orrr ??
Was watching a couple interact in Walmart and I was thinking ain't no way that she is happy.
She is American. .lives in America. .Walmart is like air..they are fuckin everywhere. .stupid attention seeking sno… 
 FaZeAdapt ALEEEX react to my girl Rori being you in Walmart! 
- get called a slut by a old woman in Walmart: ✅
Alright false alarm Walmart found my cameras
Happy Birthday Delzora!!🌸🌼🌸Rest In Peace!! Walmart haven't been the same! RIP🌸
We went to Walmart this morning after I had finally finished unpacking from our trip. As we are walking in this... 
It's Time To Celebrate TGIBTS With A  100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway  fashion
Walmart deadass always has the goofiest cart pushers
 Snagglefaux Yup XD Boots are an investment not a Sunday trip to Walmart. They last longer though 👍
When you see the entire series of  quantumleap at  Walmart ......You damn right I bought that shit!!!  epicwin… 
 Ohwaawaa I got mines from WALMART and its jet black
 mayaDeNile I might try it out thanks! They carry it in Walmart or other places?
 tahj__ivycarter  sc0ttster walmart!! 😭
 UglyKid Or Walmart with blue bags & the lady at the door giving out stickers 😭
 jerweber In other news Walmart will be closed next week!
A guy just walked up 2 Riley & I at Walmart & thanked me for not being covered in tats. He said he was proud of Riley picking me w/ none wtf
 SpeakerRyan And yet, youre gonna cut taxes for walmart, right?
sent you a message about experience today at your 96th street in Fishers, IN store. 😟
Your nails not important when you cant provide for yourself You got a whole baby at home and you at Walmart getting… 
With an increased   of accidents, it's good too see Walmart putting in traffic lights btwn Health & Beauty and Pet Care.  CustomersFirst
 GiantBlueRing  CoryBMorgan Oh so it wasnt leaving Walmart?
Walmart got a new hair line lmao
 dayashiki walmart!
 _lovejennyxoxo_ Walmart is shaking
The Walmart I work at made a sponsored ad but it completely backfired and it is just getting roasted in the comment section.
A few things came clear to me this weekend, people in Missouri really do like their cousins,walmart is the shit and they don't drivefast🤦‍♂️
walmart needs a reality show lmao😂
Saw this at WalMart and instantly thought of  Iceddarkroast. So I bought it. XD 
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart k holidays + women in mom jelns stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Just had the weirdest encounter in Walmart.
How the phone know i went a walmart parking lot this 666 shit
 _EssenceHarris_  Baddiee_Me YALL keep Walmart employed by coming to shop there. Stop coming and I won't have to deal with Walmart no more
I liked a  YouTube video All Star but it's Torch playing it on a toy piano in the middle of Walmart
 allynwest  jookyhc Again depends on where. I have relatives in Uvalde who walk to Walmart. Here in Houston, obviously not.
I don't even care for Paris Hilton and I'm out here defending her Walmart comment . 😂
Walmart fire in California set by customer, police say | Fox News 
Glad I have some Purell Advanced Hand Sanatizer  to keep the germs at bay!  PURELL  GotItFree  Walmart
Compare our cover scents at  best priced products and a premium quality.   We have apple corn acorn earth pine!
 DolanTwinsNewVideo  HAHA I LITERALLY DIED IN THE MIDDLE OF WAL-MART  EthanDolan  GraysonDolan   Walmart 
Ps3 move controllers at Walmart for  17.50  PSVR
 thekoziest It's a quote from her tv show back in the day. She was basically a typical rich person born into wrath… 
I hope Walmart has a scooter available so I can go with Dave and Laney to get craft supplies. We're making a glow in the dark shower curtain
walmart having a fish section🐠 
 mdudas I don't know...compare Costco (only sell best products, make membership valuable!) to Walmart...McD's to In-N-Out, etc
We found something unspeakably terrible while shopping at walmart today..... 
 robert_c_martin Oh no!  Were you able to locate a member of management for assistance?  You can also share with us… 
I'm at  Walmart Pharmacy in Hallandale Beach, FL 
I have to go Walmart RIGHT NOW but i don't wanna leave my bed 😭
I need to go to Walmart 😫 but I hate going to Walmart.
 jeffbalke  jookyhc Right, but no one can walk to or from Walmart. The stores inside the Loop are suburban in desig… 
I found these at Walmart in palm desert, they're okay, up until then I hadn't heard of these 🤷🏻‍♀️ 
I'll Post My Target One Later ☺️ But Here's A Start 👣💛 
Walmart pickles were the worst thing for this lactic acid. Great value, shitty taste. How the fuck you gonna fuck up pickels???
Honored that my local  Walmart greeter knows my name.  RideOrDieWalmartShopper 😂🙃
Where is the cornbread located close to in Walmart??🙄  AskingForMyself 🤦🏾‍♂️
 EbenHobbins  GarySuskauer I have to go to  WalMart. I have an American flag shirt and a ball cap. What else do I need?
which one of my great friends would love to accompany me on my trip to walmart
 LoveeeJones  ThaiNicole_  LynDotJones Both of em broke af and need to be applying for jobs. That's Walmart. There'… 
I just took someone's parking spot in the Walmart parking lot and they wAs big mad 😂😂
This Walmart by my house is so fancy.
i have a headache in walmart literally every second it gets worse
She said this in the simple life like 16 years ago yall she knows what Walmart is now 😭 
not in the mood at all today. so Walmart employees need to just let me be
 Smexc_ I think walmart has the smaller size also , your wecome ✨
 allynwest  jookyhc I guess it depends on how you define retail and where you mean. Walmart really crushed small businesses before the web.
YES we are  NonGMOProjectVerified  cleaneating  Buywomenowned  WBENCLive  Kroger  Walmart 
Trying to stay cool inside Walmart   Golden Beach, Florida 
 Rebste03 Oh no!  We are sorry to hear this!  Were you able to alert a member of management? You can also share, he… 
 McGuireWoodsLLP  Walmart Students also engaged in a student panel where former CLEO scholars share their experienc… 
Somebody gotta explain to me why 20 items is considered "express" at Walmart...that's a lot of got damn items
going to the frankfort walmart really does remind you of how many drug addicts are in this town😂
BREAKING: Walmart Set On FIRE- Suspect Is... - 
I wish Walmart still sold fishies 🐟
***fast Track*** Red Suzuki Battery Oper - 
 HEEXUS  CassperNyovest  ParisHilton But it's true though. If you follow her so viciously. You should know that she… 
Free cats at Decatur Walmart y'all come get them
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hallandale Beach, FL 
 CupcakKe_rapper YES QUEEN PLEASE QUEEN OF BoeingRCODES WALMART IS SHOOK
Walmart rolls out pickup vending machines for online orders  cre   retail 
 DeflatedTitties Dont lie walmart never comes in clutch
Wanna feel good about yourself, go to walmart serious self esteem boost 
Still time to join us at the Manhattan Walmart with the Boys And Girls Club Backpack drive. 
Me: So what should we get ____ from Walmart?
Rylan: A wrench, to fix his life.

Uh savage much?
Serious sis at church :) we went and worshipped and then spent too much money at Walmart...the… 
Ugh why is walmart so hot? Got in and out quick. Chicken fried steak mash tators & gravy greens and I forgot my... 
They put in a big tote bag in their shopping cart and covered the contents with pillows. 
 kemet2000 Hey Charles. In Walmart. Will read and respond when I get home. :-))
 CydneyBhristine | they finally have them in stores, walmart/target. best thing evaaaa!
If I had to guess my death I'd say struck by a car in a Walmart parking lot because I'm typing and not looking where I'm going.
Picking up more treats for Jayden 🖤🖤🖤 (at  Walmart Supercenter in Tomball, TX) 
 Pusha_TeeWat the outfit? walmart  9.98 :)
Just posted a photo   Walmart Supercenter Tysons Corner 
 SalenaZito Jane Bell,
In many towns of mid western states there are not many good jobs and the best employer is Wa… 
Scarlett at Walmart: via  YouTube
don't act like you're THAT far away from our lives, everyone knows what walmart is, even those who aren't american 
13WMAZ reports You've likely seen this Walmart coupon going around on social media. Is it real? We VERIFY … 
Usually go to Walmart nowadays and they are still Wegmans bags. Lol 
I love how I requested a day off at work, and it got approved, but I'm still on the schedule for the same day, I requested off. thx walmart
 Lupus_Chat  dancinginmyseat Campho-phenique liquid. Apply with Q-tip. I don't have Lupus but my daughter does and… 
Walmart used to be on the other side of the road 
 stevejetcity  MSNBC If they have video of him buying helium from Walmart, then he 99% did this himself. This is no… 
Sunday funday with fifi monster Gym✔️ Walmart ✔️ lunch time ✔️dicks, Costco, dry cleaning, back… 
 Walmart no employees to help you. 
 TacklingOurDebt Poop at Walmart
 jbrox08 and with the walmart product placement 
 CassperNyovest  HEEXUS  ParisHilton You already famous ABUTI🤷🏽‍♀️ you don't need affirmation from who again. (That… 
Cleaned up. 
Wash dishes. 
Washing clothes still.😩
About to shower and go to Walmart. 
Then go to work. 

😒😩😫🙄🤦🏽‍♀️
 tabriaj__ Lol I saw your folks at my job yesterday, your lil brother talking bout she work at Walmart and Applebee's I was so dead 😂
 giridh  shyamsek  TeslaMotors In US Battery equipment loaders in Walmart warehouses are being replaced by Fuel Cel… 
walmart really fcked up for that one.
Ozark Trail Folding Armchair 2-Pack for  14 + pickup at Walmart 
 Doctor_Cupcakes I remember seeing this at a Walmart store and i was screaming to have it lmao.
A broken clock is right twice a day, but a clock that spins at 300 miles per hour is right WAY more often
You've likely seen this Walmart coupon going around on social media. Is it real? We VERIFY 
Needa go to the mall & Walmart..
 Pusha_TeeWat walmart and cookout
I accidentally broke the cart escalator at the WalMart in Mississauga. And yes my cart only had a bag of Doritos. 
Made a huge scene in Walmart because the way an employee was treating an elderly lady was deplorable. That young man should be ashamed.
Saw a Time Lord in Walmart once.
There's a walmart 15 miles away i would hangout in my head until it’s back to normal IDK.
tbh im dressed too fly for this walmart  Pinar_Viola 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Page, AZ 
 mattyglesias Its the uber model. What it IS doing is affecting non-chain furniture stores. The same way walmart di… 
 chancoc37 Please contact us at to see if the item you purchased is eligible for price matc… 
Rushed out the door to Walmart and forgot my gift card.... oops
can walmart do a supitidy check on people before hiring them
Grocery Shopping via  YouTube  Walmart Daily Vlog 
 12klong 1 now bc of that Walmart chain 💀
 MarquezNaomy Lol i shedded a tear when i saw walmart selling back to school supplies.
 swagtastic666 our kmart was between a walmart, sams club, and kroger 
literally no one came
 McGuireWoodsLLP  Walmart Meet Aimee, a passionate 1L Prep  Attitude is Essential (AIE) student who describes her e… 
 HannahBonnell1 Go get one. Walmart in Marietta has awesome ones on sale rn
Just bought all the teachers their own Purell Advanced! Teacher get all those germs too! GotItFree PassThePURELLavailable  Walmart
it's also 10x as funny. if you saw a girl with a green walmart recycling bag & a burger balloon shouting fucks & shits   the air that was me
 TheRealMorrison check out what I'm buying  Walmart Outer Banks !  OBX 
 Purell,  GotItFree  Walmart I feel good knowing when I send Purell with my kids to school they are less likely to get sick.
 HeavyMetalTeddy  HEYDUGGEE  Walmart  CBeebiesLand  CBeebiesMag She's a doll too!!
I liked a  YouTube video Top 5 Craziest SOCCER MOM RAGES & Fails! (Dumbest Mom Ever, Funny Freakouts, Walmart)
Your wcw posts a picture of her at Walmart buying mac n cheese with the caption "adulting 🤗🤗"
why am i in a walmart parking lot dying
 Wo__ozus  BSO Walmart sell thousands of things so...🤷🏾‍♂️
I almost got jumped by 2 fat bitches at Walmart because of my ex and on top of that someone stole my phone and I'm extremely broke right now
You know you're no longer "new" to a place when you get recognized and talk to someone at Walmart
Yesterday some random guy stopped max and me outside of Walmart and said, "I'm coming to your wedding you guys look great together" lol
So happy that I was able to get the last  HEYDUGGEE doll at  Walmart. My daughter LOVES IT!  DuggeeHugs 
 ReTweet  Dog  Medicine  Sentry FiproGuard Dog Flea and Tick Squeeze On 4 22 
It's the Era of Walmart 
I know I ain't been to Walmart on roe forever lol when they get self check out lbvs
WALMART IS PLAYING TEAR IN MY HEART I FELL
Walmart pulls onesie after complaints garment was offensive to Indigenous people  idlenomore
walmart is so risky
Bought two new shirts from Rue 21 & a pair of linen bermuda shorts from Walmart. ❤❤❤  rue21  killinit… 
Walmart giving away free cookies 
😂😂😂😂😂 I really need to explain my shopping pass Walmart
 Walmart So disappointed that a chair to our patio set ripped. Have always had great luck with items  from Walmart! 
 Chewyah_ Half a gallon. Walmart. Constant reminder 
Who else has Hawaiian sweet rolls besides Walmart
You're doing it right  Walmart.  cookiemonster  awesome  creative 🍪❤️  Walmart 
Walmart is beyond crowded 🙄🙄
I rushed out of Walmart forgetting I actually needed to get shit
I like that I have used my walmart discount card in a state across the country from me
There's some fine hoes at Walmart
 erikaheidewald Target must thrive--dont want to be stuck with only Walmart and Amazon
 George_W_Davies  Walmart don't have to be rude .. but now I know at least. The George line is not yours then?
Walmart: Cheap Buddig Lunch Meat, Cheerios and Toast Crunch Cereal 
Bitch you got a baby & a man at HOME while y'all budgeting on  17 & you at the nail shop.. IN WALMART at that😩🤦🏾‍♀️
Test update from Walmart on  ZCastApp 
Is it like some unwritten rule that y'all underpay your employees and always only have 4 lanes open out of 30?  Walmart
CAME TO MCALLEN WALMART AND SAW MY FRIEND JAVI AND WOW WHAT ARE THE ODDS THEN BOOM MR CRUZ W FACIAL HAIR AND HIS FAMILY HAHA BEST DAY EVER
Walmart had a McDonalds inside of it 
Walmart iPad Mini or iPad Air from somebody online, to be jailbroken for development while at university, whats the best? iOS 9 or 10
Me, at Walmart 
Perfect just came on while I'm grocery shopping and I feel really attacked thanks Walmart
I'm "I don't have the energy to go to big Walmart" years old
What's your Cloud Strategy?  CVSHealth  HomeDepot  JetBlue  Target  Walmart  CapitalOne  Walgreens  SUBWAY  StubHub
*Nicole on the phone w/ Walmart* "do you guys carry kites? Like the ones that you fly?"
 MissMisaRants I work at Walmart and I had a guy come up to me. This was the conversation.

"Fleshlight?"

"W-what?"

"You sell fleshlight?"
Got out of the car to step on a pregnancy test & then see 2 people making out in the middle of the parking lot welcome to Woodstocks Walmart
I would rather be in Detroit than Walmart
BREAKING: Small Fire Incident closes Clarke County Walmart for hours 
 Pennysplace  TerranceCreamer  Ronnie52932894  jcompany49  4TheJerseyKid  gilligan_girl  KimmiOsborne  Warrior417… 
Rich people don't go to Walmart? 
9 hospitalized after noxious chemical odor at Kauai Walmart | KHON2 
LMAO people be insulting stuff that's sold at Walmart. Walmart is the biggest retailer on the planet lol
I liked a  YouTube video THE FLOOR IS LAVA CHALLENGE! ToysToSee Sister's Sophia Sarah Family Fun in Walmart
 johnmvaldez I don't know man, give me a scoop of Walmart brand chocolate/vanilla/strawberry any day...
People on shark tank always be like, "I just called Walmart and we are now in 20,000 stores"
Walmart run
Healing Arthritis: Your 3-step Guide to Conquering Arthritis Naturally  Arthritis 
 FaZeAdapt for your video go to Walmart and get in random peoples carts
 buddycore It depends. 18x24 and 24x36 ones are at Walmart. They're decent quality (black ones I have). Anything ob… 
walmart savage vs chanel savage *im bored lol dont   me 
 GoAndGrowAtWalmart  ad shespeaksup
 similac  walmart
 reactionvideo  babysfirst  babyfood… 
GRACO PACK 'N PLAY PLAYARD: ONLY  36.89 SHIPPED: <-- the exact same item is  45.86 at... 
If he cop Walmart that's lit but we definitely gone get these jokes off 
look what I found on sale at Walmart!  LOTR 💍➡🌋 
 GaryAnthonyWag2  thehill Now you just have to somehow relate the Walmart wage facts to approval rating polls and t… 
We're at Hilton Head Island for a little vacation (not bragging), and I'm sitting in the most beautiful Walmart parking lot I've ever seen.
- NEVER will I shop at Walmart again!
Just shared the  Edwardsdesserts smores creme pie at my ladies night! Be sure to get your own  walmart!  whyipie  gotitfree  owntheoccasion
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist How to Beat a Walmart Security Tag
 MsMediaBeth  gucci1017  MosleyMusicGrp And america everywhere u turn around there arr business closed its clear wa… 
 spectacularcaro They're weak sauce af, I got them at Walmart but idk if Houston has them 👀
They look like the Walmart version of Dom & Letty 
There are websites devoted to the bizarre shoppers of Walmart stores in the US, and there are YouTube clips of this… 
 babysnaps7 I sadly disagree, Zesty. Those fish at Walmart were meant to be in fish tanks at Walmart. That was their desired destination.
 Ameyali_asdfgjk  cuthroatbitchin ok he ain't bad why is this pic and jacksons like chanel vs walmart
“i can’t wait to go to walmart”  shitpeoplefromCTsay (it was me)
Evenflo Symphony DLX All-In-One Convertible Car Seat, Modesto  107.95 + FS   Amazon or  106 w/ Walmart P/U 
Just spent  100 in Walmart on like 6 things.
 Rachl8n76  kinsleyyy15 Have you seen the Walmart twins yet?
 Jaton336 Shid I be having them cheap ass Walmart socks on. Joints be twisted all kinds of ways lmaooo
In and out of the store faster? Sounds good to us! 
If You Use the  WalMart  Bluebird Card, Here's What They Can Do with Your  Money  Walmart
. Walmart wants to create the store of the future using  machinelearning  datascience  CX
My mom just asked my dad why he doesn't send me to Walmart for him and he said "she's laying by the pool. Let her be."  MyMan  LoveMyDad
 mattersnone Please use the "Contact Us" link at so that we can help you with your S… 
16) I like grocery stores a lot like I can spend hours in a Walmart but don't ask me why bc idk
Billion dollar brands are sold at Walmart, if you get a Walmart deal, that would be great for BBB 
I can't wait to run into  hispapito_ & Lex room just to see if they wanna go to Walmart 😂
Combo skin Walmart Peterbilt 579 and Trailer ATS 
Can you recommend anyone for this  job? In Store Branch Assistant - Wadsworth Walmart, OH -  Banking  Wadsworth, OH
Srsly tho, is it ok for me to just kill the people who bring their entire families into Walmart in SRB?  tourism  dropyourcashandleave
MOMS! Easy Deal on Luvs at Target & Walmart!  Hot_Deals  Target  Walmart  couponcommunity… 
Walmart fire in California set by customer, police say  FOXNEWS 
Walmart's play "You Cannot Use a Right was a Rifle in Animal Rentitlech" came to 1965 from this screenwriter.
 TheBreakRoomTX The walmart near me onlybsells them by the pack. All packs are loose... and I am quite co nfident t… 
I always pick the slowest day at Walmart to come and be in a rush.
Girl I been wanting to make some imma have to head out to Walmart  
 samfrow Nah. I'm Walmart. This ain't Food Lion. I ain't no rookie G 😂😂😂
The Walmart parking lot is out of control
WHY DON'T YOU MAKE THEM PRINT MORE MONEY AND STOP ECONOMIC COLLAPSE!  BEEN TRYING TO PROVE YOU ARE A GREAT PRESIDENT! STOP NWO PLANS WALMART
5 lanes open  Walmart backed up to clothing departments; 4 employees standing around trying to figure out what to d… 
He prefers Walmart over Target 
 TheOfficialDonV Nobody can it's so sad seeing Walmart selling all stuff for like 2 dollars there .
 southththyun Was there not food at your Walmart tf
 GoyaFoods hi. I can't find your yellow rice anywhere in Miami. Publix doesn't have it, I've been to 4 stores. Tried WalMart, nothing. Help
 felinemajesty I have a bunch but lost all of them besides Donkey Kong xD. I actually saw a Pikachu at Walmart that… 
 AngieSueArch Please speak to a member of management and write us, here: if you would like… 
Imagine niggas on Black Friday dueling in the Walmart over the last flat screen TV 
 WWE  Tapout  Walmart  ElizabethArden  JohnCena That is SUPER
my sisters. cuttin her hair to go to.     walmart
i didn't want this guy from high school to see me at walmart so i grabbed the first cab of biscuits i saw and walked away 😂
Just spent  100 at Walmart. I hate myself
Thinking just  Safeway and local stores in Chelan going forward.  Walmart should try harder.
Does anyone know who's this is? I found it outside of Walmart and have been trying to figure out… 
Walmart be on that bs. 😡 
 grimmuhs We follow all state and local laws for alcohol sales.  Please share your concerns with us, here: - Mo
I tried to get me and Ariana's meet and greet picture printed at Walmart? They said I need a copyright thing from her team..HOW?
Just posted a photo   Walmart Mulberry 
Chelan is a lake town and  walmart employees should know where waterproof phone cases are but no one does. They are… 
Walmart: Scott 1000 Bath Tissue, 20 Rolls + 4 Bonus Rolls only  12.98 
 Walmart Thx!  Yes, I do frequently use & love your grocery pickup service.  Alas, I cannot plan as well with 2 as I could with 1...
 Who_datt_is I'm sitting in the car at Walmart lmao
swear it takes longer to get out of the Walmart parking lot than it does to actually shop at Walmart
 LaserbeaksFury  Graham_LRR Like for real wouldn’t have survived working Walmart without it.
I was dancing all a round walmart n the lady at the door was like "what u listening too u been dancing since you got here"
Amazing how much of our own   teachers spend, but also our Mom's! Mom called from  Walmart buying stuff for my library 💙 GettingALegoTable 😍
Buccees is just a undersized Walmart 
 southththyun Walmart is a grocery store they literally sell food there
So disappointed by  walmart today. Went to get a waterproof phone bag and no one helped me. Everyone passed me off like it not my problem.
 PNASTY_00 Foodlion Walmart farm fresh
What about Walmart brand? 
Scratch that last tweet  Walmart just screwed me over on my  garthbrooks CD. Opened it and nothing inside. 😢😢 can't refund it either.
 Yulie_n_Jayson Not what we want to see! Please alert a manager and share with us, here: so… 
my mom told me I was the prettiest girl in Walmart. don't know how to feel.
Fuck Mickey D's im going to Walmart 
 __YouLoveNique 😂😂😂😂😂 from Walmart ?
 GudCanadianKid The old RCA 'cheapest 40" at walmart'
Keep germ monsters at bay with  purell for your back to school gear! 
 calijulzsays  GotItFree  Walmart
Walmart is offering a new service where employees will deliver items to your house on their way home from... 
 omgAdamSaleh Zain Malik is Chanel but you are WALMART 😂 (not really)
Shopping at Walmart. Jewelry. Ice cream. Done! ❤️ NationalIceCreamDay 
At a Walmart in Minnesota, a customer had to tackle a confused deer after it wandered into the store. The... 
 MailOnline  MailOnline up to date as norm.... These beauts from Walmart have bin around yes & yes. Catch up
 YaBoiGeek Gotta love Walmart amirite
🔥 AWESOME SAVINGS 🔥
Akorn Kamado Jr.  Kooker Charcoal Grill.  

►►► 
 jon_bois  Mobute they had to combine them with church's chickens here, and put them in the walmart parking lots. which is a hell of a thing
 UberFacts At the Walmart where my mom works a man was arrested for touching himself and staring at an employee...
 LauriePayne79  bethreamer  ClockworkHamma  flower525  DonnaFins  SteveDunfee So true. Patience is something to be… 
 kitchenfendi  MasonDeanda ALL OF THE ABOVE😂 at least you got some brains. Talking about people can only afford Walmart and you took 30 😂
Interesting people shop at walmart.... just remembered why I don't go there anymore
 hercules0070 So sorry about the long lines at our Tire and Lube Express!  Please alert a manager and share with us… 
Walmart Is Now Selling Fruit Punch Pickles 
Omg so excited! Finally found the flavor I wanted to try! Thank you  walmart for having the… 
Some bitch threw me the fucking finger in the parking lot at Walmart
funniest thing to happen all day: my dad roasting everyone we saw in walmart on the way home😂😂👏🏼
Happy  NationalIceCreamDay! Me &  Walmart partnered on some delish recipes for you! Click the link for more:  ad
Why does everyone in Walmart have to scream
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter Liquor Store with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
cipher sent us to hell...but we're going even deeper [steps into walmart]
The Amazon-Walmart Showdown That Explains the Modern Economy via  UpshotNYT
 ThaFreshhPrince  DreSpencer84  Fastrunnas  MalengaTeacher  Raq_quelle  TheFhazed I understand what you're saying s… 
25¢ Notebooks from Walmart ~FREE Store Pickup! 

Go Here -->>   
25¢ Notebooks from Walmart ~FREE Store Pickup! -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
currently in the middle of walmart and my phone is on MAX volume and everybody heard "50 shades of grayson" om
 EthanDolan  GraysonDolan
Walmart is a mess today
 Xeno_NickyG  SkyDoesTweeting Donald Trump made Walmart illegal (Meme Generator starts up again) YES THE TRUMP JOKE WORKED :D
I took my daughter to Walmart and let her pick toys 🤷🏾‍♂️ Lil party at the house. You know .. just let em know it's… 
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark: Wal-Mart Sams Club Brown T-shirt. via  poshmarkapp  shopmycloset
Walmart bags with smiley faces. 
Making multiple trips to Walmart because I keep forgetting shit god dammit.
It's funny how I can never go to Walmart without running into someone or talking to someone about Jesus..

Look at God 🙌
 ckw_ark You better get to Walmart (or wherever) and get some clothes
 BuyColorado We stopped price matching in select stores. Have you tried Savings Catcher? It matches local ads for y… 
Walmart tweaking today
Rainbow and warm springs in Walmart complex 
its so awkward sitting and waiting for my prescription in walmart
 djdobbo walmart and target sell dr who shirts even
I need fresh fruit cause Walmart fruit and veggies 😤
 thatiswildlove the aisles at my walmart have been full of back to school stuff since the beginning of the month 😪
My schedule for Walmart tho these niggas really tryin to kill me wit all these days wrkin but lord my check gone look nice 👍
When buying gum, I recommend buying this. I spent  6.32 total; however, this lasted me 3-4 months. (At Walmart) 
Damn Walmart don't have lobsters in the tank no mo
 rick_rica  ClockworkHamma  flower525  DonnaFins  SteveDunfee  bethreamer Not at this Walmart, I went yesterday mor… 
lol ironing clothes n Walmart 
J (moms gf) kept trying to play matchmaker with me and girls she thought were gay in Walmart 💀💀
Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Geico, Walmart, Capital One and More 
 serenregalado  Walmart BECAUSE I CAN SEREN
They at Walmart tho 
Evil ex wife | Chanel vs. Walmart 
 Jaime_hdz5 By Walmart & Sonic ?
Vlone bout to be on sale at Walmart after all this Asap Bari shit 😂😂
you know those Dream Tent things..... I want one tbh 
Literally so much weird shit happens at Walmart 😒😟😳
Some dick on Walmart last night yoinked my switch,and then later today cranks up the price to  430,thanks asshat
Hoping I won't have to fuss or smack nobody child in Walmart tomorrow 😌 them lor bitches heads to far up their ass
Walmart Canada Will Remove 'Racist' Onesie From Shelves Following Outcry - 

 PHANTAstar  TheJose8A That's awesome! I wore an EXO shirt to a local walmart once & a fan complimented me. I guess… 
Michael Berry at Walmart and Kroger. He had a fun filled morning. He bought me 3 tops. ❤️❤️❤️
walmart, does not sell wall. what is next? home depot not sell homes? no donalds at, mcdonald?
Walmart on a sunday 👀
So my medical insurance just sent me a  10 Walmart gift card . That was nice but I'm hella mad I checked the mail AFTER I just left there 😂😂
Walmart Fire In California Set By Customer Police Say: via  YouTube
I bought the entire 1st season of Game of Thrones with all sorts of extras from Walmart for  5 on Black Friday. Best purchase ever.
My momma funny😂 she wanted me to go to walmart with her soo bad😂
 bby_ungjae GOSH 😭 THATS COOL! the dude at Walmart was dancing randomly tho. But when he moonwalked I almost choked on my poweradr
 BensWimbledonChallenge sponsored by 
 oldelpaso won't be buying these anymore. The  1 shells from Walmart are way better. Over 50% off shells broken.… 
Drop her  Walmart 
I still haven't been to Walmart
 NICKIMINAJ since I missed out on the giveaway for the college funds, my trunk party is coming up & I have gift registry at Walmart 😌
 jaketapper Just who do these pollsters poll? I live in a small town.
Guess I will suggest this as a high school se… 
 TheyCallMeFggt walmart working women 
I went to Walmart and only bought what I went there for. Come fuck wit me
 CuhixTheCubix  SkyDoesTweeting Weres the nearest Walmart
I LITERALLY DIED  EthanDolan   GraysonDolan  I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING AND I AM IN  Walmart 
 BubbaSmith32  SeanFlynn25  Richalbrecht1  Sydneyvoelbel Walmart>Target
Fuck y'all FUCK Walmart and FUCK THE PEOPLE THAT SHOP THERE. 
Tayeh Family and the most corrupt trash operating with them  DARPA  NSAGov  cvspharmacy  Walmart  WNYC  luolkowski… 
Walmart having a McDonald's in it 
Also -  Walmart associate couldn't believe I was going to do my own yard work 🙄 
ALL THE FISH AT WALMART ARE DEAD OMGGG
 mostlytracy Nah bro that means she mentally stable and you should nab them buns up like a fresh toy from Walmart
I hate  Walmart ‼️The store is packed, lines are long and less than half the registers are open. Tell me how this makes sense.
Find  Faithsnacks at a local  walmart near you! Visit: 😊 
Walmart Full asf.
today we needed to go Walmart to buy shit we can't buy in France to bring back.
& Walmart has polos  4 & some change
I need to go to target and Walmart after work but I'm so tired 😩🤦🏽‍♀️
 merkindale Walmart has the for  4
 Walmart why aren't the fidget spinners in the school supply section?
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
I'm at  Walmart_br in Osasco, SP 
I go to Walmart specifically not to see anyone I know and I just got here and already have seen 4 people I know
 Kazanjy  jbarro Most traditional retailers (Walmart, Kroger, Target) are as more tech-enabled than those examples.
 jdawg19534 Please share any product requests with us at  We appreciate you shopping with us! - Mo
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
Why do I work at Walmart 🙃
Visiting a Walmart on a weekend is a separate foreign ideology.  MAGA.
 janelleeeelol Walmart apparently 😂
Trying to get in a case at walmart to buy something and this man has tried every key on the ultimate janitor key ring. This shit is unreal
if y'all want an affordable highlight that's both BLINDING and cruelty-free, i 10/10 recommend this one!!! it cost… 
Facts!! Walmart jeep running out of it tho🙄 
jun-kun, has explanded to me what this ""wallmarts" is, i am shocked, offended, apalld, it sells no walls. walmart is. Fake news
New  Minions watch for my collection.  I got it at walmart I ❤😍😘 it.
.
.
 Iloveminions… 
Why would India allow Walmart into their country? It destroyed so many independent businesses in USA.
 funder  trumpslesspopular than the person that runs into your heel with the shopping cart at Walmart. 

Let's make this trend!!! 😂😂😂
 NICKIMINAJ My gift registry for my Trunk Party is at Walmart under: Bri'Ana's Trunk Party, help a sista out 😂💯
Who remember this 
I just want someone I can act a fool w/ at Walmart at 1 AM
Walmart fire in California set by customer, police say NTA
 walmart the customer service at 1313 N Fry Rd, Houston, TX is extremely unpleasant and not helpful in the least.
who else on here refers to walmart as wally martinez .???1
My mom crazy thinking I was going into Walmart with her on a Sunday and I'm not dressed! I'm really sitting in the car
I'm an Amazon Prime member but the more I compare prices to Walmart, Walmart wins most of the time.
I always seem to pick the wrong line in Walmart...
These people at Walmart are pissing me off
Some girl came up to me in Walmart, she was ecstatic to see me. 
Apparently she follows my social media. 
I was beyond flattered
Walmart clearance find Source: 
 MTcowboy3250  donson_jay  HyRuleKing  jackdalie  Youxia_Panda  isis_whitehead  JonSmith02134  GodRA_Protector… 
I still haven't been to a Walmart b4
 LauriePayne79  ClockworkHamma  flower525  DonnaFins  SteveDunfee  bethreamer Walmart on a Sunday?  😩👎 Best to go b… 
Top 10 Bentonville Hotels Near Walmart Headquarters | Arkansas | 
There was a guy at Walmart FaceTiming his girl to ask her about which tampons to buy it was so cute
Just blew a bag   Walmart u feel me
i'm out here at walmart trying to get some oreo-o's WISH ME LUCK  nautelle  kisekinoswaggie 
NIGGA You got a "good girl" with goals 🎓💰😻 but instead you trade her for a "thot" with Walmart weave….. 😂😂😭
currently just watching the new video in the middle of walmart laughing my a   off

 DolanTwinsNewVideo
my dumbass would always go to the front of walmart and have them call her over the speakers n shit😂😂😂😂 
 collyoung5 It's the devil. Go to target or Kroger. I can't mess with Walmart. Lol.
 pmseever  Reebok Like any Trump voter has ever bought Reebok products anyway.  They don't sell them at Walmart or… 
how you gonna call her walmart yoojung when yoojung is the walmart yoojung already 
. . .

Walmart? 
Walmart must be giving something away because this ridiculous.
 cricketcrocker Hm, dunno, I'd not expect Lowe's to have one but Best Buy might. Otherwise Amazon. Walmart says the… 
 JusLilohMe Line they sell these at Walmart!
My mom and aunt are making me climb shelves at Walmart to reach the top shelf.🤦🏽‍♀️😂
Someone on friends list on Facebook said that screaming kids in Walmart is bad parenting 🙃
thread of me getting racially profiled at Walmart 
This lady in Walmart just gave me a sob story about how she has 3 kids and no money for food. Asked me to buy her groceries
 Tutt_JustDoIt Really?!?! The Walmart I go to never have it
 keslynbrookee Thank you 😍 It's walmart 😂🤷🏼‍♀️
 MSF_Ex  Poli5208 those walmart NMD 11s 😍🙌 COP COP COP
An old man at Walmart just showed me the secret to calories in bread and then goes "I don't need to worry about calories" alright cool man
 Astroliner86  NixBryan  sammy2168  dgraz007  EricTrump Like we see with Amazon vs Walmart, Netflix vs Time Warner.… 
Reasons why I never shop at the Walmart in cherry hill , a chick was about to get dropped 😂
 GeorgiaDirtRoad  firethepress  Walmart Tears, chills, pride. Thank you for this memory.
 RandPaul there are millions of healthy people working p/t at walmart, mcdonalds etc who need health insurance not just the sick ones.
Video Game Deals 7/16 - Walmart Pre-Order Deals, Dark Souls III Fire Fades Edition, Injustice 2 Versus ... -… 
We've been able to do this deal at Walmart, but it's possible at DG now and the savings are… 
Nov ~ first Walmart opens in NJ
Nov 9 - West/East German travel was now free, Berlin Wall began to be destroyed
Walmart Makes HUGE Move After LA Makes  15 Minimum  Wage Hike 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Indianapolis, IN 
Family and friends will be trying this today.. WHYPIE,  GOTITFREE, OWNTHEOCASSION, EDWARDSDESSERTS,AND  WALMART
 klittle197  ItsActuallyHim  Akaduc13  BernieSanders Walmart lobbied for current min wage. Arbitrarily increasing n… 
2 men nabbed with backpacks that deputies say were stuffed full of Walmart merchandise... 
 thesmilinggoat Order enough, probably. Or, Walmart has pickup in parking lot for some stores now?
Why are the lines at Walmart so long???
 OfficialLivePD  LubbockPolice Omg. He learned how to drive at the infamous Walmart driving school.  What a goof… 
Walmart cracking too hard rn 😐
 Aniesha_1 I told you go to Walmart . Lol
We're getting ready for summer guests to arrive, & stocking up on  Cottonelle at  Walmart to  NeverRunOut  ad… 
The North face of the US Treasury Building at The Mall Washington DC USA Poster Print - 
Some lady at Walmart was very rude to me but at the end said to have a good day so I said it back but I didn't really mean it  TakeThat
me every time i'm in walmart  
This air dry as fuck in Walmart. That's exactly why I don't shop here.
me: i need just ONE thing from Walmart. 
cashier: you're total is  246.88
me: 
People say Walmart pay is not good but I can't tell because I'm always seeing the workers with the latest jordans
 ashley_dinardo Plus we found good deals at like big lots, Walmart online etc. & we were on a budget with our first house 🤗
I wish I didn't know what Walmart was.. 
It's crazy seeing females at Walmart and they act like they to good with the fresh shoes but they ride the bus 🚌
every single time ive been in walmart life is a highway has played at least once
 UStheStrongest  RodStryker  doctorgene2  GeorgiaDirtRoad  davis1988will  FreedomChild3  ColoradoGirl2A  Corrynmb… 
 IAmJericho  FOZZYROCK Found this today at Walmart! Only one they had and now its mine!  FriendsOfJericho  WWE 
Afternoon Deals: Sunday, Jul. 16: Including deals from Walmart,…  Deals  BestBuy  dailydeals [ MoneyTalksNews]
McDonald's inside the franklin walmart 
I stand by y'all are insane letting these high fashion brands sell y'all trash. No one would buy these if they were… 
My dad sends me to Walmart & all these damn people here 🙄🤦🏾‍♀️
 Ramsey_Cooper76  bannerite "smuggled emeralds"
That's funny.
Gawd, the stuff we sold in Nam,
Could've opened a Wal… 
FREE Noxzema Razor at Walmart w/ Rare  3/1 Coupon! 
Some lady walking by me in Walmart just said to her friend "if you don't stop, I'll treat you like a Muslim" and I'm just in shock like wow
🐘 OVER HALF OFF 🐒

Fisher-Price Little People Big Animal Zoo
►►► 
Not that I am against guys in Dresses....What ever floats your "Little" man in your non existent boat. I am cool with. Just not a WalMart !
Why he taking sooooo long in this damn Walmart 😤😤😤😘
Someone take me to Walmart pls.
Dear old man in Walmart, I saw you look directly at my vagina. How about you go fuck your self :)
Shop for Free With Coupon Overage at Walmart via  extremecouponing… 
I liked a  YouTube video Fake Yeezy's at Walmart!!!
Ok some of you guys know where I'm am😐. I'm at Walmart. 
Yesterday I dropped my Polaroid camera while waiting for chris to pee and it broke but went to Walmart today and exchanged it for a new one
 5MinuteFinal  vicskita  TUSK81 I don't shop at Walmart either
Mostly cause it's American owned, buys crap from out… 
 ReneeWehrle 5 dollars Walmart 
Walmart shoppers: please buckle your pants in your car - not in the parking lot walking into the store… 
ICYMI: Some have doubts about this particular incident, but there are confirmed cases of this happening in... 
I hate working at Walmart cause I have no service in that mf g
I AM DONE I just walked up to a Walmart employee and ask her "where are storage bins and command strips" and she goes "idk" AND WALKS AWAY😂
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Texarkana, TX 
 ParisHilton No ,Walmart is a general merchandise shopping store
 SuzanneKelleher  beelop42  dschusf  ToniPoole13  JoeNBC What do U do? Stock shelves at Walmart? Every savvy busine… 
My days at Walmart bout to be over🙌🏽
 CattHarmony I'm on my way to Walmart buying a pool & some margarita mix I'm pulling out the wallet this weekend. 
I love being alone in Beaumont Walmart and being talked to like I'm a dog or something by older men
 cindylynneglass I had my kids play 🎤one day b4 a NASCAR race. I sang it to my friends and family. They cheered! Ne… 
Look who's helping unload the groceries.   Cottonelle Mega Rolls  Walmart  NeverRunOut  Ad --->… 
I shop at walmart so infrequently that my credit card company just texted me that it flagged as fraud when my wife tried to buy something.
Walking into Walmart looking like actual trash rn😅
 greenacrescommons  greenacresmall  disorganized will NEVER be coming back  poorcustomerservice  walmart
I liked a  YouTube video 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE IN WALMART! ⏰INSANE TOILET PAPER FORT! (KICKED OUT)😳
The most melodramatic thought I've had recently: "What if I disappeared in this random Walmart in Denver and started a new life?"
Honestly how dare Walmart put the rotisserie chicken right beside the check out line. That is premeditated. That is… 
Smartphone Multilaser MS45S de R  499.0 por R  281.99
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
 TinyJasmin Going to Walmart joanns and michaels to do some baby shower shopping. Why
Bout to go grab my kids some drinks from Walmart drop my time slips off then back in the house🙂!!
& i thought walmart on sundays sucked in omaha lmfaooo
FUCK WALMART. 😂😂😂😂
Check out Walmart see a difference in price.
It's some weird ass ppl in Walmart
...& we've surpassed Retail! Bid: 2017 Bowman Platinum Retail Hobby Box 2 Autos Walmart Exclusive  eBay
I'm not saying Walmart isn't always a trashy place but there is a guy walking around that has visibly and odorously shit his pants...
I've been to Walmart like 3 times in my life (NYC doesn't have one) and I like going there bc I always see cute hood niggas there
 k_abrionte shit i thought u was dwn the street i needed a charge right quick ion feel like goin all the way to walmart
 JJJP  MattSaccaro Walmart
GETTING READY TO EAT EDWARDS SMORES CREAM PIE  WHYPIE, GOTITFREE, OWNTHEOCASSION, EDWARDSDESSERTS &  WALMART
Why do high school reunions exist when the local Walmart is down the street.
Walmart installing automated vending machines for online order pickup- 
 IslandVibes1  Walmart Please share this with us at our corporate feedback link, here:  Th… 
 MattSaccaro Still have it at Walmart lol. I remember the slip on shoes being big at my middle school.
Am I the only one who remembers when Walmart had the lobster tanks ?
Proud to admit my wardrobe is so big and good that I had to rent the entire men section of a Walmart to house it
Walmart is really black people central
Bro I don't care how rich I am. Ya boi still gonna be getting them deals at Walmart. 
Imagine being so rich you don't even know what they sell at Walmart 
At Walmart funnelfun912  come get you some   Old National East, Georgia 
don't sleep on the walmart deli chicken
 helplessworld58 Please feel welcome to request more vegan options from us, here:  Thanks for reaching out! - Mo
.11 Elmer's Glue Sticks 2pk At Walmart!!  savings  sisters  coupons  walmart 
Look at who we found at Walmart today!! Only one they had and its mine <3 <3
This Water is Life; Less than a Dollar at Walmart. I Love Water… 
They on sale   Walmart 
this lady said she couldn't help us cause she didn't work here... SHE WAS WALKING AROUND IN A WALMART VEST!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Battle Creek, MI 
 ohnoameerah Me and Junius were at Walmart in Mesa and this white couple paid their groceries half and half. I couldn't stop talking shit
The kid who started the fire at Walmart last night was told to do so by his mother to create a distraction while she stole from the store.
Marvel Super Hero Mashers Hulkbuster Set for  3 + pickup at Walmart - CNET - 
the Walmart by my house has the WORST service lmao.
Business at Walmart is going to be slzw t|morrow. :(
Getting ready to go to Walmart yay!!!! 
So...is shopping at WalMart considered  buylocal in  Arkansas?
Swagbucks And Walmart's Scorching Summer Deals! 
One day I'll be so rich that I forget what Walmart is 
The  dallascowboys really are  americasteam

found at a Walmart in California 
Last night at Walmart done seen  something
I swear we was at Walmart for some hours
Swagbucks And Walmart's Scorching Summer Deals!  SH via  sonyasparks
I liked a  YouTube video Sweatshop Worker Vs. Walmart - Ownage Pranks
 5MinuteFinal  KopertopCoral  TUSK81 Tbh I could afford to volunteer and be charitable. I can afford not to shop at… 
 WWE  Tapout  Walmart  ElizabethArden  JohnCena I love u j
Walmart used to be the plug on pet fish 
 nakiarain You are more than welcome to share this feedback with us at Thanks for reaching out! - Mo
 WWE  Tapout  Walmart  ElizabethArden  JohnCena  JennyChristen11  wanna go to Walmart with me?
 LaurenJauregui A few days ago I heard Strangers in Walmart, but I couldn't take a video because my storage was full 😭😫
Walmart on a Sunday 😩 <
 assmaster666420 Quit ur job work at a walmart and scan it when costomers r mean
Walmart is FOREVER playing Mariah's music 😭😭😭😭😭
Keeping our hands germ free and healthy with the assistance of the amazing Purell! Ready for the school year!  PURELL  GotItFree  Walmart
I'm shook by my LRT Bc I totally forgot abt the lobster tanks at Walmart.  SouthernProbs
Walmart So Packed 🙄
 Walmart Check out Jessica Colgan (department manager) at Walmart using the "N" word!!!  Does she need to be fired! 
Went to Walmart last night & while stuck in line converted people to trying  VIPooUS Should seriously be in every hotel room & house. 🍋
- 2 men nabbed with backpacks that deputies say were stuffed full of Walmart merchandis... 
Vlone about be on sale at Walmart and I will be making a couple purchases
 cindylynneglass It was so awesome I want to go to Walmart and do it like he did!🇺🇸I want to show that to all my friends! 🇺🇸 ILoveAmerica
my new shirt from  Walmart they always got my back for the newest fashion trends 
You can NOT possibly survive public school systems without the germ fighting power of  PURELL  Keeping hands healthy!  GotItFree  Walmart
 Tammeister Oh no! Were you able to locate a manager to help? You can also share with us, here: - Mo
It must b a car show today, dese folks deep af in da walmart parkin lot
 LaptopShopWH I think this means you had a People of Walmart moment?
 lotusplaza why are they acting like these arent sold at walmart for  1 LOL
 tanamongeau who's most likely to steal shit from Walmart
No walmart at all 
Attempting a "quick grocery run" on our first day at Tybee when the skies opened. Now sheltering in this Walmart pa… 
Just got told to get on with my bad self while strutting back to my car at Walmart. I know thats right. 😉😙
 getonwithyourbadself
 CauseWereGuys I'd just go to Walmart and ask for a copy just so I can take a massive shit on it
Am I a horrible person for crop-dusting all the aisles at Walmart?
So I'm at Walmart right. Every couple I seen was black man with a white women 🤔
Why we going to Walmart this early then we going have to go home and put shit up
go to walmart, play video games wit no one bothering me, not go to class, fuck anything that walks
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bryant, AR 
 Jesskirby77 Believe it or not Walmart online
 AP Trump can sell this gimmick b/c his base are low-informed, low educated. I bet most of his base shop at Walmart… 
last night i cracked my phone at walmart and the last time i cracked a phone was at the same walmart im suing
 Duckyrose09 we finally got off them when my mom started working at Walmart. I was so proud of her. Her first job.… 
 SuperNovaSSB Yeah don't buy off prime your best bet go call target or Walmart, in my case I walked in and asked and they had some!
Stainless Steel Pasta Maker Just  19.95! Down From  100! PLUS FREE…  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals  OxGord
 ArcadeBumstead Depending on location they're pretty good at having stuff in stock. The one near me is near a Targe… 
I woke up and just went to Walmart so be careful if ya see me 👹
These hoes fighting at Walmart lol
Decline of Retail - Companies are cheap, but:

First time in four years now input costs up - Margin Pressure

 COST… 
July 12 Trade SetUps & Swings. Right Ear Sidewinder Explained.  AAOI,  XIV,  NFLX,  BWA,  Walmart,  FSLR,  EWZ,  VLRS..… 
The other side of that bet looks like a winner.  wmt is dead man walking. 

 Retail 
 Looking... No investment bad enough you can't fix with a really low price... I bet long  Walmart and short  AMZN is a… 
*ALARM*  nflx  goog  googl  baba  snap  shak  cake  amzn  jpm  bac  wfc  hlf  ge  gm  myl  prgo  jazz  pypl  aig… 
 Walmart James McNair's Family Talks Walmart Settlement in Crash that Injured Tracy... 
Debt to assets ratios for retailers,  JCP debt is at 54% of assets  stocks  valueinvesting  dataviz  Walmart  KR  SHLD… 
4000 preexisting  Walmart locations complimented by 42 regional distribution centers (50 million sq ft). Battle of the behemoths.  AMZN
12 Great Books on Value Investing:  SPY  Apple  IBM  CSCO  COST  Walmart  PEP  MCD  KSS  LYB  XOM  ADM  investing
Simple. 3 Amazon Prime Day Facts.  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  M 
 JD  100+ GUARANTEED IN ONE YEAR. MARK THIS DOWN. Walmart & Tencent backing. Buffett is next  Walmart 
 AMZN realizes brick mortar isn't dead (  WFM BO) while  Walmart already has 4K stores in PRIME locations.  
If You Use the  WalMart  Bluebird Card, Here's What They Can Do with Your  Money  Walmart
July 12 Trade SetUps & Swings. Right Ear Sidewinder Explained.  AAOI,  XIV,  NFLX,  BWA,  Walmart,  FSLR,  EWZ,  VLRS... 
 PAOG.0149-MMJ-Red-HOT&NEWS! Financials 3 wk early!  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS… 
LONG  Walmart 
 LVVV.0029-Red-hot-POT-CEO-tweet-Stop sign gone Mon!  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR… 
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart Company, Startup Latch Pitch NYC Landlords with …:


Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Position Maintained by Insight 2811 Inc. 
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart Share Price 
Video Analysis & Forecast on  Walmart  AMZN  Stocks by  APAZones  Trading Zones Week 17 JUL  > 
 Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Inc (Walmart) Stock Remains as Strong as Ever 
Via  BrandingBrand,  Target,  Walmart the go-to  retailers- 67% will go there vs 50%  Amazon.  retail  ecommerce  mcommerce  TGT  Walmart  AMZN
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  Walmart  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
Comparing The Fresh Market  TFM & Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 
 Walmart Weekly bullish engulfing. I think it heads higher from here 


 AMZN  Walmart:

Wal-Mart Stores Inc (Walmart) Stock Remains as Strong as Ever:


Walmart  HydrogenTrucking ? | Keith Bare | Pulse | LinkedIn  PlaceYourBets  PLUG  AMZN  Walmart  JigarShahDC  
 Walmart  NYSE  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Zones for Week 17 JUL  >… 
Wal-Mart Is Using Its Stores to Battle Amazon  themotleyfool  stocks  Walmart,  AMZN 
 Walmart It will be interesting to see if it bounces to previous highs from here or it retests support 
Checchi Capital Advisers LLC Cuts Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Position Lowered by Nuance Investments LLC 
 Walmart vs.  AMZN Let's get ready to ruuummmbble ! 
Don't miss our next FREE OPTION TRADE.  Sign up for our Daily Free Trades at  NVDA  TSLA  GS  GILD  Walmart  Google  FB
 AMZN  Walmart  Stocks Video Analysis with important  stocks  Trading Levels for Week 17JUL  > 
July 12 Trade SetUps n Swings. Right Ear Sidewinder Explained.  AAOI,  XIV,  NFLX,  BWA,  Walmart,  FSLR,  EWZ,  VLRS... 
 Read my JBP review - following his stock alerts I made  50K !!  BBY  FSLR  Walmart  WNR
Wal-Mart’s Advantage in the Fight Against Amazon  ProudShareholder  Walmart via  BarronsNext
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Stake Held by Gabalex Capital Management LLC 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Upgraded to “Buy” by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  The 
The guy stock analysts told retailers not to worry about.  XRT  Walmart  SHLD  JCP  BKS  BoeingMM  BBY 
 iownwallstreet  MariaC82 I agree with maria except I don't play  Walmart and ill go with sep 200  STZ shouldn't have sold what I did.
 AMZN double  Walmart Market Cap 
July 12 Trade Set-Ups and Swings Pos Review  AAOI,  XIV,  NFLX,  BWA,  Walmart,  FSLR,  EWZ,  VLRS more.: via
