I need to go to Walmart to buy something and my moms drunk af and so is my dad😅
 LowryKailyn  Javimarroquin9  I thought you liked walmart and frequently went shopping there ?
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
Hey  RockStarMoms Staying on trend and on budget is always easy at  Walmart  I Love their  4 tops!… 
 59.88 Ew! 
Yeah, I agree Walmart. 
WE DID IT!!!!
 BESTDRESSED
 ohapo
 Walmart  6807 Linda Washington gave poor customer service did not honor return policy 
Hey  Walmart in Brier Creek, how do you have 87,000 registers but only have 3 open at any given time? Sincerely, Tired of Waiting In Line
 Trooper2121  RMConservative  Limbaugh  gehrig38 Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike 
Rip all these people in the Haslet Walmart that have to hear my nasally voice ever time I make a page 🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️
 LtBaylorBruin We generally do price match our website. Tell the store about the program. -Ati
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  100 WALMART GIFT CARD SAM'S CLUB  GiftCards  Gifts 
I'm weak. Nigga tryna speed in his chair around walmart. Dumb whip game 😂
Chanel vs Walmart 
 yoseobinyey  seetlmarkjae it looks like it was bought from walmart on the clearance rack.
Had a bad experience at  autozone in Northern UT. Their oil and air filter lookup books were limited. Next time, I'm just doing Walmart.
This should be interesting. Just PLEASE make sure this will not be a thing at Walmart. I don't even want to imagine. 
DrinkWell 5 wines to try this week, including a  20 rosé - Washington Post… 
 OpTic_Crimsix about to go to Walmart buy a tent and make my own venue.
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike 
Mr. Teebee Goes To Walmart, Burger King And Does Some Yard Work via  YouTube
Covered in dog hair searching Walmart for some Frosted Flakes on a Saturday night 👌🏻
just saw a woman in the Rhinelander Walmart with a beard
I liked a  YouTube video from  matthiasiam 10 Strange Walmart Items!
 _briabarnett Ryan texted me and was like "I just broke my Walmart Nails" BITCH NOOOO 💀
straight up just wanna go to walmart & fuck around 😂
 Walmart why MEMPHIS looses business because your managers make up policy
Piece of shit people! I just saw a man kick a service dog at Walmart!! That pissed me off so much 😡😡😡😡😡😡 such ugly people in this world!
Apparently one of the Walmart greeters passed away bc they put her picture up w some flowers & so I cried in the middle of the store today
WATCH: Citizen Sees What Muslim Welfare Queens Do at Walmart, Records Video for All to Watch 
I liked a  YouTube video from  dailyexclusives Man Shopping For Headphones In Walmart And Was Followed Around
im lovin these new pajammas walmart has! Ive done boughgt almost every pair they have !!
Incredibly awesome find walmart - Coconut whipped topping! For  2.99 you get about 5-6 coffee… 
Have literally stood in line at Walmart for 30 minutes and I'm just now right up at the register.. still haven't rang my stuff up yet tho.😡
This bitch at Walmart just ran infront of my car just to prove a point that pedestrians have the right away& I threw my hands up bc she dumb
 sammers_01302 I think that Walmart has one!
Killing time before we go and get my brother (  Walmart Supercentre in Lethbridge, AB) 
"Walmart Store of the Future" on  LinkedIn
Only at  Walmart 
 tyguy_216 Our fresh produce has a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee. What issue did you encounter when visiting our store? -Ati
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded HUMANE SOCIETY SHUT UP! via  theblaze
 Walmart can someone explain her refusal??? MEMPHIS POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE..I never have this issue in Florida.... 
 gabbymilos tweet it again with the hashtag
 a_sheranko116 i literally bought one at Walmart the other day it's by Milka, a German/European brand
Amateur MMA events might be better for people watching than Walmart
Walmart  .99 
 MrFrantastic11  dabombard In his defense, his wife made him bring in 3 Walmart backs before this workout, so he's probably winded already
 mrevanbrand  Target Walmart has it ff  4.99 in my area!!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Casper, WY 
Walmart didn't have any more  SSB4 Link  amiibo , so I got a  BotW Archer Link to get Wolf Link as a new  ACNL villager \o/
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content 
Dear Walmart,

Fuck you. 

The high mount stop tail light (the one in the rear window), for a '13 Hyundai Elantra... 
When you suddenly have to poop at walmart but you see everyone and they mama on the way😣🙃
Since Target stopped carrying them, Starbucks is my new stroopwafel dealer. And WHY didn't anyone tell me Walmart carries them online??
When your in Walmart & you jump in the buggy & get pushed around ..Best feeling ..😭😂😇.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Huntersville, NC 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
 realDonaldTrump wasn't a rally, just the parking lots at Walmart.   trumpfail
Chanel Vs. Walmart 
 natsofabb That's not how we want you to feel. What happened? -Ati
I always come to Walmart ugly
Here's how Walmart plans to use in-store drones to move merchandise - The Whittier Daily News : 
 7.00 at Wal-Mart?!?  OriginalFunko I feel like I snagged a pretty good deal here.  ghostbusters  funko  Walmart… 
 gabbymilos do you?  ohapo 
Walmart’s Vudu app now converts your physical movies to digital for  2 each 
Oh Walmart, you never disappoint!
Had to buy Walmart shoes because I forgot mine in WR.  Go me.
I got a free  Hersheys Kisses sample from the  Freeosk at  Walmart. 
i'm going to walmart n gonna get the pups molly n luna some cute toys bc they're cute 2 
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Ok.....so I'm officially a proud glam-mom!!!! I am in Walmart bragging and showing pics of baby… 
Going into Gallup Walmart & counting everyone you know has become "the Walmart game" 😅 the one who knows the most, wins.
 walMART_BoeingG i see you  ohapo 
 authentikaitlyn Walmart has them in the back-to-school stuff last summer!
I was talking to him in Walmart today & everyone probably thought I was crazy 😂
Pre-order Now    Target  Walmart  FYE and  BarnesandNoble -  ComedianSHANG  illustradistrib  comedy  shang  NewYork… 
 heyhaleyparker update: I went to Walmart and got pomegranate
Attempted walmart for a few things while on modified bedrest.... bad idea. My poor feet 😭
 UberFacts Uhh yea no, Ima have to go with the  14.99  Walmart alternate ..
Just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
What's up with these Temple females in Walmart with a bun on top of they head and curly bangs lmao like what is really going on??
 Walmart I'm trying to buy this monitor but I'm a girl, can you please help me. 
Bros really out here having a vape show in the Walmart parking lot
 Walmart has the  NutriNinja on clearance for  20!!  NutriNinja  Walmart  Clearance 
 gabbymilos one step further!!  ohapo 
Too Big and Failing: Macy's, CVS, Office Depot, Walmart collapse: The 23 biggest chains closing stores this year 
They have  13 car washes for free today across the street from Walmart on orchard you're welcome
I'm still hot me and Janae saw Devin Booker in Flagstaff at Walmart and we real life thought it was just a new student 😑
If you want to reach out place ads on the back of cheap beer and cigarette cartons or hire greeters at Walmart 🤦‍♀️⚡️🌪🤡
You can run up a real check working at Walmart, especially what I'm making 🤑
 Walmart ask for my cash since im travelling your manager refused ....poor service Store 6807 policy stares debit t… 
If you'd work at Walmart you'll understand , I get tired of coming to this place 🤦🏾‍♀️
dress now 60.00
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class as we know it via  YahooStyle
 walMART_BoeingG screenception  ohapo 
Top beauty essentials for less at Walmart with shipping as fast as two days  ad 
QFX's Portable Tailgate Speakers let you take the party anywhere! 
Freshen Up Leather Shoes With Johnson's Baby Bar  Johnsonsbeautyhack  Walmart  ad 
 AnnaBD20  Mike_Beacham A shame becuz liberals don't shop at WalMart, only hard-working people who need to save a buck.
 Walmart and still nothing. Can you help me out?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Jacksonville, FL 
Never say "well it can't get worse" because Amherst Walmart just announced that they're not going to be 24hrs anymore starting in May 😭
 Walmart I have to order it online but it's sold out online. I signed up for an in stock notification, but I did that for a bike weeks ago
I hope everyone at Walmart thinks I wear my Tennessee polo as a fashion statement.
Do you sit in front of a computer all day? Seewell provides nutrients to help support fatigued eyes Shop at… 
Ohio Man Steals  3,800 Worth of Fishing Gear From Walmart |  OutdoorLife 
No lie when I see people stealing I say nothing. If you someone stealing from Walmart or a billion dollar company. Check yourself.
Almost went to Walmart  because the great value popcorn chicken is better then the other name brands. Something sai… 
 ThisxBabyxWolf LOOK AT THE THIRD PICTURE !!! ETHAN IS IN WALMART !!!!  EthanDolan YOU ARE IN WALMART IN FRONT OF D… 
Walmart Winter Beauty Box 
 skiesofryan lmaaaaao Walmart is the closest i'd get but I know some brosds who do get their products from those places but none of them are
Decided to help the buggy guy out   Walmart put my buggy in the line for him & the look he gave me was a stare like he was gonna murder me🙄😳
 samc_21 and I officially joined the Walmart cult today and I've never been so nervous in my life 😳🤔
 AllSheCooks  TomsofMaine  Walmart Love Tom's of Maine. We use their toothpaste for our kids. They love that it tastes like strawberries!
 Walmart I'm trying to find a patio set that was on sale at my local Wal-Mart but no one has it and they won't give me a raincheck, they say
I find myself in the Walmart toy section way too often
My beauty/makeup regimen: If you can buy it at Walmart or a drugstore and it costs less than  10...👍  cheapskateclassy
How cool is this screen?  ohapo 
 Walmart your manager Linda Washington  6807 refused a return for no reason 
 Its_Tolerance if you're looking for a copy of MW2 it's like 20  at Walmart
Just left home twenty minutes early to go and fuck around at Walmart people watching. Lmao yes!
Small town America. Walmart experience. Got some good pictures. Mr T doppelgänger buying a toilet seat. Fake flowers form explosive display.
There's an individual camera for theft deterrence in the deodorant, shampoo, and soap aisle in Walmart. At least use it after you steal it.
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Walmart on the eastside is so GHETTO!!! My goodness!!!
Enter at  mapleleafmommy to  win  Duracell batteries and a  50 Walmart giftcard.  canwin  GIVEAWAY  
Starbucks and Walmart join growing list of advertisers boycotting YouTube 
I'm the type to go to Walmart and buy nothing 😂
lady said I need to quit Walmart and be a model.
Are we in the slowest line at Walmart because wtf
 lizards420 she knows they got em at walmart right
I really wanted Louis burger after leaving Walmart but the way that drive thru line was set up...... nottoday
Walmart don't want me to have a life 😒😂
 DrewBronkema30 original  walmart
Why is it the only time I go to walmart looking like trash that I see half of the school there
Germany doesn't have a Walmart so I'm not really sure how people live around here but jäger is half priced so I'll take it
YES!!!! Baby & Toddler Clearance Clothing, Just  1.47 at Walmart!!! 
Boycott de Youtube: Starbucks, Pepsi et Walmart rejoignent la fronde 
 brikeilarcnn ...That's how  realDonaldTrump FUCKS HALF WIT RANDOM BREED SHIT MIX MONGRELS over... Walmart Tabloids... LoL!
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content

Beach and I just did a line.

They were selling tagalongs outside of Walmart today. 🍪
The shitty thing about not having data is when I'm working I have to wait till I get to a Walmart or United with wifi to use my phone.
GM, Walmart, Pepsi, FX Join Wave Suspending Google. Offensive" hasn't included grossly sexist, woman-hating content 
Walmart hoodie and gym shorts.... lol kid is fire 🔥!!!!! 
Today I had My first kiss. It was beautiful, it was sweet, it was soft. It was in Walmart. 
 ALDUBThoughtsOfLove
 Walmart What's the point of having 22 lanes if you only ever operate 1, 2 or 3 at a time during busy hours? Asking for the entire nation.
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks join Google boycott after ads run next to 'appalling' videos - -
Walmart 💛SKU: SKU: 54303943💛

Thanks for the DM  xploited_11 

Check stock levels near you on… 
Was able to walk in & out of Walmart without having to throat punch a fucker

*Hope all the amo I bought didn't intimidate anyone*
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
homie who work in the neighborhood Walmart had me weak yesterday
Brennon broke the computer at Walmart. With 6 angry ppl waiting. This is karma for always fucking up my translation when I use my chip.
 Walmart There are only 3 large order lanes open on a Saturday night in a super store.. no wonder profits are down...
Walmart: Jell-O Simply Good Just 43¢ via Couponing 4 You - Get Jello-O Simply Good for just 43¢ ...... 
Walmart: Jell-O Simply Good Just 43¢ via Couponing 4 You - Get Jello-O Simply Good for just 43¢ ... 
 BrooksPatterson We are going to take all the white trash (you) and throw you into Walmart and build a fence and burn you to death!
i bought the axe anarchy scent because it actually had the least stupid name out of the available scents at walmart
this couple in front of me at walmart got ten (10) frozen spaghetti and meatballs meals and one (1) bottle of wine this is... a mood
Free Lens Cloth & Cleaner at Walmart Vision Centers via Couponing 4 You - FREEBIE ALERT!! HURRY!! ...... 
Lord I almost fell on my ass in Walmart
Free Lens Cloth & Cleaner at Walmart Vision Centers via Couponing 4 You - FREEBIE ALERT!! HURRY!! ... 
 skylarishmael  Walmart_Waylon  gowens819 ou is a special kind if straight
 youngbabycoco walmart & some pharmacies have them !!
I meant to do homework and pick up a few things at Walmart but I took a two hour nap instead. Priorities, y'all.
Need to go to Walmart low key
 B_Watkins9  Walmart_Waylon  gowens819 god that school is straight
I just bricked the computer at Walmart.
we were talking about how my sister looked like me and i said "yea but you're like a walmart version of me" and the whole table laughed
 abu_hill walmart does it
 youngbabycoco walmart had them!!
If you're trying to get yourself in a carefree, sexy state of mind, go to Walmart at 7:30PM on a Saturday. 😉
 CoxComm You have to rein in your associates working at Walmart.  They corner you and will not stop. They are too aggressive.
Club Walmart 
The sad truth is, if Gamestop went under, then I only have Walmart. That is it.
good fucking morning i taking a shit in my house lol then being silly at walmart lol
How everybody so concerned with these so called missing girls NOW, when WalMart be having missing persons all over the wall for years??🤔
Finally got a chance to try Bai. I have been impatiently pacing the floors at Walmart for this drink to come in sto… 
 Walmart_Waylon  skylarishmael  gowens819 half those people are working people parting with their friends. Work force boys screw the rest
 MoonlightAri26 Walmart or any kind of supermarket, it should be in the juice aisle. This is what I get 🙊 
I hate going to Walmart.. Seriously
 Tamales  Got a dozen from the Walmart parking lot last night 
Walmart in Richmond...numerous  100K+ vehicles in the parking lot.
 skylarishmael  Walmart_Waylon  B_Watkins9 a lot different from circleville ;)
 B_Watkins9  skylarishmael  gowens819 well the main subject was these fest activities , most them kids are ....
standing in walmart and i'm talking to the lady in the Deli section and she looks up and goes "oh my gosh, i though you were a boy" ok
I just saw my professor at walmart & he introduced me to his whole family & it was really awkward tbh
 BlackVeela I will never forget when you brought that French bread from Walmart
 Walmart_Waylon  B_Watkins9  gowens819 I like OU 😉
 Walmart_Waylon  B_Watkins9  skylarishmael what an education
 Gavin_McInnes  Cernovich  trscoop Black clothes at Walmart marked up due to demands 
 Walmart_Waylon  skylarishmael  gowens819 not every kid in college does that lol
They're playing kiss you in walmart
My parents met  VicBeasley3 today at Walmart while I was home bored... 
Our Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, & much more  [NEW REDACTED TONIGHT] : 
 B_Watkins9  skylarishmael  gowens819 I won't be giving my kid money in college to drink and smoke dope all day .
 B_Watkins9  Walmart_Waylon  gowens819 that's true
Some people sell the dumbest things on Facebook. Like no one wants your dirty ass  20 Walmart microwave
Captain Sleepo here, reminding you kids to just lay down in the walmart mcd's and hope you dont pass out
After a long day of moving and unpacking and multiple trips to Walmart we are relaxing in our new house 😄
 Walmart_Waylon  skylarishmael  gowens819 their mom and dads work to give there kids better lives. Ain't nothing wrong with that
Both be taxing, but if I had to pick Walmart 
Got district champion for  Accounting   UIL yesterday
 sdfeeder  FellerCattleCo  DaBadger_  cattle_buyer1 would only take Walmart or Kroger to demand it.  No Govt help would be needed
Goya Black Beans, 16 Oz [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
The most effective birth control is taking twin 6 year olds and a 2 year old to Walmart .. and letting them each spend  10 in the toy aisle.
55″ HDTVs for  300, free shipping 
we would randomly run into the bearded lady at walmart sometimes
 Walmart_Waylon  gowens819 or tax payers money
Do I wanna make this Walmart trip or take my complaining ass home
I will go to Family Dollar 1st then Walmart.... well Actually Amazon 1st but.....
"U got kicked out of Wegmans for doing a song and dance number?" "But I didnt get kicked out of Walmart for playing capture the watermelon."
Walmart Distribution Center in Los Lunas, New Mexico| Business Profile |  ChrisBelyk  PLUG 
Walmart is really the worst company I've ever worked for.
Every time Ryan has troubles w anyone I'm always tryna snap right away. Like the Walmart lady not cooperating... lemme call Walmart
 MekkoFactor walmart
I need to stop at the Walmart in glenmont😒
GUYS I FOUND JUSTIN IN WALMART 
Payless ugly cheap ass shoes are too high anyway might as well go to walmart😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 the pair of shoes I bought... 
chanel vs. walmart 
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
11 Secrets Walmart Shoppers Need to Know 
In Walmart lookin ratchet as hell 😭 tryna dodge mfrs
I  hate physically being inside Walmart. Much anxiety. 
 skylarishmael  gowens819 not too many people living off mommy and daddy's money (;
walmart is an interesting place
The Walmart I'm in is so surreal, they have plenty of Nintendo Switches and for some reason volume 11 of Tokyo Ghoul
I just signed this petition on OrganizeFor with  ColorOfChange. Will you join me?  O4 via  ColorOfChange
Don't you hate it when  Walmart rips you off? Cuz same!
Walmart sucks a
i recogised a worker from hot topic while i was at walmart and my mom was so disappointed.
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Santa Clara, CA 
Need a jacket to go in Walmart
I've literally been to THREE stores (Walmart, Kmart, and Big Lots) and can't find a yard sale sign. How is that even possible??
I liked a  YouTube video Haul Walmart, Dollar Tree, And Thrift Store
 asm1298 We're sorry about that! Please bring your receipt back to the store so we can assist you. -Trav
I SCREAMED BC WALMART WAS PLAYING ROUNDABOUT
Target's new dual-concept stores could set it apart from Publix, Walmart, HomeGoods and Amazon - Orlando Business Jo…
So coffee ice cream is a thing at walmart...  TakeMyMoney
 Skonialo  SenWarren  realDonaldTrump  POTUS We're all subsidizing employers like Walmart.
I just went to walmart and bought a few video games and the cashier was like "do you actually play these?" no I buy them just to waste money
Brah Walmart sells J's and I ain't even know it 😂😂😂
I've never been to a Walmart that didn't have seagulls swarming the parking lot
Why Walmart packed like this
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Port Orange, FL 
Walmart's Anti-Union Training Video Is Another Reason Why No One Should Shop There 
I ust entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
We habve a new  fundraiser with companis like  WalMart Shop there? A % goes to  AdoptionLove  askushow 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lacey, WA 
I liked a  YouTube video KICKED OUT OF WALMART
Shop Thousands of  Clearance  Items for as little as  1.47 +  Walmart ( )  macys  kmart  walmart  amazon  ebay.
 realDonaldTrump check out lines in Walmart don't count as rallies.
I absolutely hate living an hr away from Costco. 10 Bucks   Walmart 4 this little detergent..as well as only 1 here… 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter (Coral Springs, FL) 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Coral Springs, FL 
"Hey dude these are cheaper at Walmart."

Then go to Walmart then nigga wtf u bothering me for? People are annoying af
 Walmart your guys produce section is forreal trash. I'm officially an  AldiUSA guy after today.
DrinkWell The world's best places to buy Italian wine: Italy, and one tiny store in DC -…… 
I saved 52% on my Walmart purchase! No Coupons were used! How? Read on! – The Killeen Daily Herald (blog) 
Due to coupon misuse at Walmart Wilkes Barre, when you use them now, you get a free prostate exam to make sure there legit.  walmart
After a long day of trying to avoid going outside, I'm going to Indiana just to go to Walmart 😭
These are only a  1 at Walmart right now!!! I stocked up!  coconut… 
 Ronnie2K where can you get the hot tamales locker codes and Mike and Ike?? Walmart maybe
Mr. Teebee Goes To Walmart, Burger King And Does House Work 
 Walmart this is fucking ridiculous. No one has contacted me
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Mr. Teebee Goes To Walmart, Burger King And Does House Work
When you're at Walmart and guys are talking about your ass, then come up and ask if you're single.. like, no no I'm not.😂🙅🏻
In walmart taking a 😅🙄💩
 Walmart_Waylon  gowens819 looks straight
Walmart’  800m  Investment promises 5,000  Jobs in Chile 
can somebody take me to walmart !😑
 elliekay986 Aw thank you Elsa. At least I got the medicine at Walmart last night so I bet I've been getting better.
 xo_syddneyy oo have you tried target or walmart they should have it? colorstay is my go to drugstore foundation and it's full coverage
Someone wanna tell me why the Marshall Walmart is closed lol
 Retweet  CarSeat  Baby Trend Flex Loc Infant Car Seat Onyx 
When your mind says target but your wallet says Walmart 😂
this nigga just thought i was stealing out of neighborhood walmart lol   my life
on my way to walmart.
I can't believe I left my wallet at Walmart 😂😂😂 I got lucky, someone found it and turned it in.
 yegtraffic: shouldn't have  ETS stops directly after intersections! Like 91/Parsons, Parsons/Ellerslie, Walmart/Parsons just blocks traffic
I just watched a kid at Walmart walk up to an aisle and knock the shit over and walk away and it reminded me why I hate children
Starbucks and Walmart join growing list of advertisers boycotting YouTube


When you have a route at Walmart superstore 🤦🏻‍♀️👵🏼  WeMayOrMayNotBe90YearOldWomen
I may or may not have just bought all of the Pink Power ranger toys at Walmart....
If you ever wondered about the meaning of "poppin off" go to any Super Walmart, find the money center...and now you are adequately informed
 Walmart do you have a email address to forward phishing walmart emails so that your correct team can get them and have them.
 cumillynaps  BigSean why not Walmart?
Literally saw the CRAZIEST thing today...  Walmart had 9 registers open.🙃🙃
 tannerfox if you do a dear than mine is to go to a girl in Walmart or target and propose
the empty plaza beside Walmart needs to put in a Starbucks.
 Showtime doc Trumped, a supporter said Walmart carries only China made goods.  Yet they are shopping there...… 
someone will be like "I won't buy clothes for my child at Walmart"
& some mom will come in like "WTF, there is nothing wrong with that.."
walmart supercenters are terrifying
Man the Walmart I got Annie from took such bad care of him like... poor thing's gonna need some help..
 SHOUTOUT 2  Walmart IN ST.PETERS MO YOUR BoeingKERY DEPARTMENT HAS ALL KINDS OF GOODIES FOR MY BOYS BIRTHDAY TODAY .... 
Suppose to be at Walmart getting stuff instead I'm in bed 😅
Y'all okay as I'm out with my cousin it started raining like hell so we were stuck in a Walmart parking lot for 20 minutes
I hate when people bring 19 items to the 20 items or less at Walmart downey 😒
whenever i go to walmart the Girl Scout girls are there and it's so hard not to buy a box 😂😂
 CelestialHeir // Walmart in a small town is the threshold of hell no shit man
I stopped shopping at Walmart because of Evendale 
//i had such a fucking adventure   walmart i wish I hadn't deleted the twitter account I liveblogged it from rip 
 bpmeagher We're sorry you feel this way. Have you spoken to a Customer Service manager regarding your concerns? -Trav
Y'all I just fell in Walmart parking lot never wear slides while it's raining 😂😂😂
Thanks  Walmart for putting my Arizona green tea into a ripped bag so when I took it out of the car it busted open.… 
[141] Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More via  YouTube
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
Walmart Issues Major Recall Alert Over Contamination 
// guess who has to go to Walmart hell :)
First the Jacksonville PD phone lines, now the lights at walmart?  mustbetherussians… 
 AnnaBD20 no, it's call FREE enterprise and they don't have to buy into the BS being crammed down their business throats. GOOD JOB WALMART!
Went to Walmart for razors and walked out with razors, eye lash curler, new bed sheets and a candle
Walmart’  800m investment promises 5,000 jobs in Chile
 Walmart  Chile  LatinAmerica  Economy
Not good...GM, Walmart, Pepsico, FX Join Wave Suspending Google Ads | Digital - AdAge 
 Walmart screws up and scans wrong UPC to activate  Tmobile service and refuses to fix their mistake. Saying it's my fault they messed up.
 mikegone  JordanDavidJ  davidasmithkc Bentonville for a family wedding on my end. Is the WalMart museum cool? (I was skeptical.)
 Wyndgrove like, yo, I buy my makeup at CVS and splurge at Sephora. I get my kitchen wares at Walmart. I wear cheap leggings.
Walmart What do you have to say about this? This was my roommate's experience at the Evendale location this... 
your mcm got them walmart 12s and dad jeans
 AMike4761  TruthFeedNews Now they can raise minimum wage to  40 dollars per hour I  LA walmart.
I'm too depressed to actually drive anywhere but I need shit from Walmart 😭😡
Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More (Mar 24, 2017 In this ep…
Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More (
28" AOC U2879VF 4K UHD FreeSync LED Monitor  200 + Free Shipping 
Feel like I tweet this every time I'm here but the Walmart off New Cut is such an interesting place.
 FaZeBlaziken find this interesting walmart 
Walmart store forced to raise minimum wage to  15; this happens IMMEDIATELY via  AllenWest
Jell-O Simply Good Just  0.43 At Walmart! 
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class as we know it 
 Walmart like.. i was bamboozled out of  10 and i really wanted that pack for my game :(((
 DrewDaybell  GMANonScified  JosephDeGolyer These are showing up at Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video from  redactedtonight [141] Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor,
People swear just cause i work at Walmart i know the answer to all they questions tf 💀💀 acting like I a mf engineer or sum 💀
So my mom found one of the girls I coach at Walmart and now I'm FaceTimeing her and she's showing me her new toy. ❤😭 
Just at Walmart walking around trying to get my steps in for the day
 Walmart i was trying to buy a digital code for a Sims 4 pack with a gift card and i got an email saying it got cancelled i'm sad :((
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist SHENANIGANS IN WALMART!!!
 Ifinditfunnywhen I see a Walmart employee shopping at Brookshires.  irony  rebel
 sufast54  colinflaherty Go to walmart and watch all the single mother mudsharks with a battalion of mulattos following her around.
So I probably hadn't been to the Sanger Walmart in about two fucken years cause FUCK Sanger Walmart
I'm all for people talking about fair pay but this goes further than comics. Why cant a WalMart clerk make a living? Why cant a paramedic?
 HomerMeeks  FromEastLansing There's a sale on Wolverweenie tee's, asile 1 at WalMart near you.  3 clearance rack.  Go. Now.
Jell-O Simply Good Just  0.43 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  coupon  Coupons  deal
Enter To  Win a TV, Slow Cooker,  50 Walmart Gift Card & More from Conagra  Sweepstakes Ends 4-3 via  sonyasparks
Theres this lady that literally comes to my job everyday and hangs out like walmart is the chill spot 💀
In school, Walmart, police station, etc 
 Walmart sad to end 4 years as grocery customer. Chastised for bringing wrong receipt while trying to return food sliced by boxcutter
My mom been in Walmart for a whole hour
Walmart boredom: via  YouTube
 heyGuero ve al Walmart
 dannywest85  JaneClemetson  Google What "control" does Murdoch have over orgs like Walmart, Pepsi Co or AT&T?
Hahaha lost my keys in Walmart, but some blessed soul turned them in to customer service. Thank you blessed soul.
Messing Around in Walmart | Beet Antics Ep.2 
Never a good sign when your  Walmart print order is lost, order   is useless to the store manager & there's 0 solution  worstcustomerservice
"you stand sideways and stick your tongue out you look like a zipper" -some random dude to cole at walmart 😂😂
you in Walmart ? 
A must or pass??

FREEBIE ALERT!! HURRY!! Free Lens Cloth & Cleaner!!  Freebie

CLICK -->> 
Hey  Walmart  what's the point of having so many registers if you don't use them?
"Oh, you'll be in for a surprise." I nearly broke my neck to turning around to look at her Walmart Stepford Wife Ass
G_Lift Driver_MP WE 2nd - Walmart - Pageland, SC  RetailJobs 
Walmart easy asf
I pause and wonder if  Walmart will have a run on these caps and Canada sadly will be boasting red, 'cause ther coo… 
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART 6 (WATERMELON SMASH!)
When you watch too many  perseveringstar videos on you tube & you walk out of Walmart with… 
More Big Advertisers Suspend Google Ads Over Offensive Videos 
Jell-O Simply Good Just  0.43 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Jell-O Simply Good Just ... 
I always come to Walmart looking homeless asf
. Nannon08 I miss our Walmart runs):
 Walmart I guess I'll take my  600 in gifts for my wife elsewhere.
-Memorizes entire grocery list
-Gets to Walmart and has no idea what to buy
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded  texas  bhive 
 Walmart Called today and was put on hold for 35 mins and disconnected 4 different times. Finally rudely told "sold out" and hung up on.
Random.....
Patience is shot   Walmart 💀
I went to WalMart today...bought Slinky ! 
en walmart
 Win a  100 Walmart Gift Card! Ends in 6 days!  giveaway  competition  free  old 
 CRobertBuchanan free speech is also a human right but I can't hold my political rally in WalMart parking lot. Thanks liberals!
It gives me life when people compliment my makeup because I really have no idea what I'm doing and I buy it all at Walmart :)
 Walmart thank you!!!!!
 Walmart of help calls for drastic measures, get your butt in their and help!! Need feedback surveys sll over that store
I be tellin that to the walmart store for an xbox one if i could 
when I go to walmart not expeking to buy anything <<<
Gonzaga's head coach looks like a Walmart Steve Kerr
 aqgress  mikegone  davidasmithkc Are you staying in Fayetteville? Have fun...can't miss a milk shake at Walmart museum ;-)
 Walmart Last night it took over 45 mins and 3 different inquiries to find a person in electronics. "Out of Stock but call us tomorrow."
Wanted this ring at Walmart w/ my birth stone! Size 7 I could wear but it was a lil tight, they don't carry 7.5 in the store 🙄& 8 too big 🙃
I hate Walmart.
At Walmart in Burlington, see a guy that looked just like  aaron_cortez66 getting out of a dually, ran up gave him a hug. it wasnt you. ops.
Walmart’s Vudu app now converts your physical movies to digital for  2 each via  techcrunch
These hard candy glitter eyeshadows are seriously sooooo amazing they don't move or transfer or crease!!! Get them… 
 Walmart I hate to complain but this is at least the third time I have witnessed this. Drastic times, being short
100 egfit card to  walmart 
Why I just hit nerae wit da smoothest Shit at Walmart 😂 sike na it's nice seeing people again tho
It took me being in Walmart for 5 minutes to realize I absolutely hate Walmart.
 lalalod  Melindesign  TEN_GOP Yea no one showed up to the Women's March.  Walmart eyeglassses. 😂 
Some dude in an Infowars t-shirt just went off on a hapless Walmart employee 😮
]amd radion 6750 graphics like 320 at walmart on black friday sell
I liked a  YouTube video from  domtracyy THE FASTEST TIME TO EVER GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART! KICKED OUT IN 10
Why do I continue to get deli meat at Walmart? All I leave with is a headache
 NBCNews I'm sure there's a Walmart with enough ammo... Jeez. We could clear Death Row in a day with one trip to Walmart and save 20%
when you want to be the Uber of _________ but you end up being the Walmart of _________ 🤔🙄
The level of incompetence at Walmart is killing me I need a new job before I flip tf out!
I GOT CAUGHT AT WALMART BY THE NIGGA I GAVE MY NUMBER WRONG TO FUCK
 Walmart Is this common practice. I have witnessed this before called and nothing happened. The inside is not too swift
My  starwars scores from  Walmart and  5Below! The Black Series were 50% off. The HTF "TFA" figures were  5 each at… 
Goya Pinto Beans, 16.0 OZ [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
 catpathways I called a Walmart asking for AAAA batteries and they were like "how many is a quadruple" and I was like ???????? wut
- Walmart Sales and discounts page check out all their sales updated daily!
 S7Hambone I remember walking in a Walmart with her a few years ago telling her she should have kids, she said " I don't know" 1/2
still moving in walmart  liveme Blaquerose Mercedes: 
I'm drained is fuck don't even feel like going to Walmart
Just walked by a guy in Walmart that said,  "Duke's Mayonnaise never heard  of that. Must be new." I Looked at the… 
 daysofmagic I'm going to walmart tomorrow maybe ill get lucky
SHENANIGANS IN WALMART!!!: via  YouTube
Walmart: Jell-O Simply Good Only  0.43! 
 Walmart Broward Blvd location in Ft. Lauderdale is the worst. I've been trying to purchase a  GoPro camera & accessories for 2 days. (1/2)
My future husband works   Walmart in the electronic section
 Walmart it took about three hours for an oil change on Friday. I have witnessed contact information
why go to walmart when you can go to target
 Walmart they are working their xxxxx's off and he just walking around. I got his name but it is in my other car.
There's like 100 employees at Walmart but always fucking always only three registers open 🤔
*little boys playing with roper at the park*
Lexi: so do y'all live in cstat or Bryan?
Little boy: nah, Walmart
What😂😂
I need to go to Walmart
 snarkygourmet 😩 gotta go check walmart lol i have only seen the chocolate and mint ones besides the classic flavor
Naturally, the one time I put zero effort into how I look and go to walmart, I see everyone I know 🙃
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Roseville, MN 
 Walmart Why can't the Supervisor help when you got six cars 🚗 needing oil changes and only two guys on da floor and
I got a rice cooker from  BedBathBeyond and it random stopped working, when I tried to return it they refused claiming it's from Walmart...?
When you can't afford to buy Chanel so you downgrade to Walmart 
Only came for a few things and ended up grocery shopping 😒 I hate Walmart
 GottiDaugther_ hell yeah. too busy I'm sick of these ppl. Need to go to Walmart or some
WalMart Labs’ GraphQL library written in Clojure. 👍 
 ThatchersElbow cept i dont go to one of the movie ones 😂😂😂 my college is in rural nebraska.... I have to drive 35… 
I want some pork chops I need to go to the Walmart
 KashaC3307 I freaked out in Walmart all alone, lmao
 Walmart yes it is. You guys seriously need to look into your ALBoeingNY Georgia store on Ledo Rd. The Auto Dept.
you find the weirdest people at walmart i swear
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (CLIMBING RAFTORS // CLIMBING
 O_Dolly man...I'd lowkey be pissed lol. Dont hit my phone cuz someone forgot their kid at walmart lol
Baby Alive wets n wiggles OUTING TO WALMART baby alive 2006 -  -  Uncategorized 
 Franklin_Graham 
Went shopping at Walmart.  Met 2 Christ loving couples, had church in the middle of Walmart.  Prayed, drew many people
God I hate going into Walmart and interacting with people
 Fritzing1  BadBreak0  WJFC_1  LTam38  DrunkGing  richierich65  5T0NEY FRUTZY DO YOU WORK IN WALMART AS A GREETER
 Fritzing1  BadBreak0  WJFC_1  LTam38  DrunkGing  richierich65  5T0NEY why the fuck are you in Walmart so often
Omg Walmart had Rimmel lipsticks for  1??????? Like they weren't even the smashed clearance ones they legit are untouched !!!
They're building a second Walmart on 610??!?
 brittanyjaeckle  Walmart register machine broke
Walmart Pharmacy Las Vegas - Cvs Pharmacy Store Locator - Baylor Pharmacy -  ChildLocator  GPStrackerforkids  Bwatch 
I liked a  YouTube video from  imjaystation (FIRED!) GOING UNDERCOVER AT WALMART!! // FAKE WALMART EMPLOYEE VS
So what dumbass was driving 30 through the parking lot across the street from Walmart cause I wanna kill you rn🙃
 VoteNoMalley  Walmart  Mattel I know right! We have those already now....Need new rewards or we can't shop there with kids... littleboys
Another sign of greater US  economy polarization:  WalMart offers new upscale  clothing:   retail  consumers  Walmart
Things you see at a WalMart 
Today I learned we sell vibrators at Walmart
Found an easy kit to dye Easter Eggs  Walmart. Kit came with dye, plastic eggs, & plastic bags. My girls ❤it! 
walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Sapulpa, OK w/  ttiffanysimon17 
I hate walmart with everything inside of me.
 tigretrash well they are kids size but the fact walmart has them at out is blowing my mind
Looking for hammer recommendations. Light duty (assembling Walmart furniture & hanging decor) Don't want to spend a lot of money.
 mrBobbyBones didn't you say you were going to make an announcement about the Walmart Amp? Or was I dreaming?
Devil wears  Prada - for the first time I have to use the acronym I hated for a... by  edwjacksona via  c0nvey
DrinkWell The state of wine from other states: Uncork the Forks - Northforker (blog)… 
that looked like one of those little white pop rock things you buy at Walmart 
I just almost went broke in Walmart 😩😩😩
i saw so many ppl from high school at walmart & they all had to comment on how many vegetables were in my cart 🙁 like hoodie season's over 😭
 TrumpsChinFat  wtfdoicare33  realDonaldTrump Both wearing Ivanka's fashion line. Available in the clearance aisle at Walmart!
 Kids  Toys 2011 Marvel  Legends Walmart Exclusive Amazing  Spiderman Ultimate  Spiderman 
 Urrib44 Thank you for reaching out. Is there anything we can do to assist you? -Trav
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift Walmart Gift Card  500 - Physical Card  GiftCards  Gifts 
Musicians and Labels Need to read this ASAP!


This has been the Hot Wheels section at  Walmart in Eldersburg since Christmas.  Mattel 
 TrinoBug I swear Walmart customers are a special kind of breed.
Me and the cashier at Walmart made eye contact twice last night and I think we're married now
Namco built Walmart's Non Existent Ryu  amiibo yesterday
if u think Walmart is shitty just remember Walmart has 2 ply toilet paper and Disneyland doesnt
 AustinMahone started playing at Walmart... best believe I was boppin my head side to side 😂👏🏼
Bitches, I love Sam's stuff. Unleashing killer bees at Walmart somehow spoke to me. Deeply. Sam is fucking... 
Here's how Walmart plans to use in-store drones to move merchandise - The Pasadena Star-News : 
Glad I tried clothes on at Walmart. shirts looked better on the hangers
I want to go to Walmart lol.. Is that weird?
Jell-O Simply Good Just  0.43 At Walmart!


Walmart 
I've just posted a new blog: Walmart Gift Card Giveaway 
if you ever think pueblo is in a state of progress just go to walmart it will change your mind
She realized that her 2-year-old son wanted a hug, so she picked him up and gave him a quick cuddle. During the... 
I liked a  YouTube video from  domtracyy banned from walmart for the rest of my life...
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks join Google boycott after ads run next to 'appalling' videos 
OK I have been badmouthing I called cust ser and spoke with a Stacey. She helped and now I am Happy!!! Thanks
 deborahjackk  YouKnowWade you don't really go to nettle if you don't see your local Walmart manager.
 LTrotsky21  SandraHartle So the workers are held and worked against their will? I hope you've told the proper auth… 
 Colleen2160 Mm pretty good. But I think I'm gonna buy every dog collar at Walmart instead
Wal-Mart Snaps up Hipster Hotspots (Walmart, TWTR) - Investopedia 
I'm at Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in St. Catharines, ON 
//I was at Walmart today, and instead of it saying Outdoor living, this is what it said... 
 AmericanSoWoke  realDonaldTrump I've seen more people outside Walmart on Black Friday. Probably the same people, too.
 MsMiyayo305 bout to call them and ask for my refund and just hit up Walmart for one
Hmmm...you get what you pay for. 

Why not take a free health assessment and get what's right for you? Hit me up... 
Walmart is bringing a tech incubator to Silicon Valley 
 6runt Walmart? Come on now :/
Bluetooth Speaker Walmart - Why SmartVibez Speakers Are A Better Buy Tha... via  YouTube
Really annoying when  Walmart has 25 checkout lanes and only 6 of them are open..
. Walmart stop trying to sell nectarines as peaches u can't fool me 👀👀
I liked a  YouTube video from  radiojhpresents ROBLOX ESCAPE A VERY HUNGRY PIKACHU | PIKA DESTROYS WALMART &
Walmart run..
having an epiphany in the walmart parking lot
 tannerfox mess with people's shopping carts in Walmart
my mom always calls walmart "key food"
someone take me to walmart for a dab
I purchased Budweiser at Walmart. Kill me.
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks join Google boycott after ads appear next to ‘appalling’ videos 
in Walmart covered in butter and red slushie have I hit rock bottom yet
I saw a vet doing this in Walmart 
Walmart Got The Slowest Cashier Workers 😑😑😑
Nothing against Jim Harbaugh, but if he doesn't beat  OhioStateFB he will be wearing those  8.00 Walmart khakis again.
myAppliances->Lose a wall in your home, gain a dream kitchen - Duluth News Tribune… 
But, I met the sweetest little boys today. I brought some change, and by some i mean a lot, to walmart today to cash it in
 thetexasboy91 qvc Amazon HSN Walmart target
Seattle's Headset Offers  BigData  Analytics To The  Cannabis Industry 
I just dethroned  languageartiste as the Mayor of  walmart on  Swarmapp!

should i just walk to walmart? it's only a 4 hr walk lmao
3 25 17   Walmart Fort Worth - Airport Fwy 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dallas, TX 
 all_1k  if i win that gift card ill go to walmart shirtless
dude, people go to walmart whether you tell them to or not 
walmart is my entertainment for today 😭
 theCircaTECH found some AirPods at a Walmart with website. Also used it to find a Nintendo Switch. Site is killer! 
 heidiheilig I just blogged about a crazy greeter at Walmart who seemed too eager to call the cops on a guy in parking lot.
 myoung19 not bad!! Some stuff (meat) is still gonna be cheaper at places like Walmart!
It's almost 100% healthy....   Walmart Gardner - Timpany Blvd 
I'm in Walmart in maricopa and these bitches out here got FAT ASSES 😍😍 Even the white bitches 😂😍🔥
rheas goal is to get kicked out of Walmart since I can't step foot in asheboros Walmart w the whole "ball column thing" Ima make this happen
 Rymazing haha yes! 😁 I have a tie dye minions sweatshirt I got at Walmart too it's great
Free Hershey Kisses from Walmart via Couponing 4 You - FREEBIE ALERT!! HURRY!! Free Hershey ...... 
Free Hershey Kisses from Walmart via Couponing 4 You - FREEBIE ALERT!! HURRY!! Free Hershey ... 
Nobody wants to take me to walmart 😢😢
"Wanna go hang at Walmart?"
Its like Walmart for people too poor for Walmart.
 mckayla_u thank you girl!! Got it at Walmart! Hahaha
I tell ya there's some quirky characters every time I hit the Ashland Walmart
Honestly, I'm in a place that I've been searching for.
WHY DOES  Walmart ONLY EVER HAVE ONE REGISTER OPEN
 shopingtime  👸🏾  🤴🏾   Walmart Secaucus 
My last day at Walmart ❤️❤️❤️ 
♥Inexpensive clothing haul for Summer 2013! Target, Walmart …♥ 
I liked a  YouTube video Hacking a Walmart intercom on prank call
When Walmart always PACK😂
 memilyhurst We're sorry to hear that. Have you had a chance to address this with a Customer Service manager? -Trav
My plans today consist of going to Walmart
I'm sorry for ranting but I'm just saying. If you ever want to work somewhere don't work at Walmart
 Walmart so went to go buy this in store but apparently it's  119??? false advertising??? Any way to get a discount… 
I JUST WANT MY MF CHARGER YALL PUMP FAKED THE FUCK OUTTA THAT TWO DAY SHIPPING SOMEONE GOTTA SEE ME NIGGA  Walmart!
 kdriley05 hood walmart?
 HomeIsWhereThe_Is Walmart
I was parked by Walmart and saw a spider in my car, luckily for me and the rest of human kind around me I wasn't driving...
Chanel (2012) vs. Walmart (2017) 
 Walmart How long is the manufacture warranty on this product? Walmart   554978942
I need a nap before I go to Walmart with my mom I am still tired 💤
Today I sneezed so hard at Walmart that I threw my shoulder out of whack
Just another example of the impact of having an online presence for your business.  Contact us today to learn... 
Da Niggas Dat Work In Walmart Be Scared Asl Wen Niggas Walk In Dat Mf 😂😂
You know those rumors about Walmart becoming some type of slave camp?? Yeah it's true
I'm at McDonalds in Walmart in Williams Lake, bc w/  misterdalev 
im gonna be bigger than walmart
Pro tip:  If you are not Whitney Houston, do not shriek Whitney Houston in walmart.
me: monday i'm going to start dieting gotta look right for NY

also me: buys 5 boxes of girl scout cookies walking out of walmart
sure did bring out my lil dollar Walmart flip flops today 🤷🏽‍♂️
Maryn just walked out of Walmart without paying for her sunglasses... but she went back in so it's okay.
Wish You Were Here [Walmart Soundcheck].mov 
I'm in walmart getting my shit checked out and the cashier talking to her co-worker telling her she can't wait to beat ass after work
if HEH thigh-highs walmart to
Damn Amazon Walmart and Best Buy are killing gamestop
CHANEL VS WALMART  amici16 
Trying not to Chew... but I'm Hangry lol 😂   Walmart Columbus -… 
I know nick is special cause I seriously have the time of my life just walking around Walmart w him 💙
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  places
Another  walmart pork supplier caught on video illegally abusing animals. Watch and take action: 
I enter every Walmart self-checkout area prepared to die.
vizio 2017 hdr e series, 55inch for  500 at walmart - Thumb Score: -3 nvm wrong sku 
Does anyone want to go to Walmart with me?
 CashNastyGaming yea because Walmart is only five minutes away from you Cash
I didn't know Walmart was so FRICKIN cold
tana is the walmart version of ashly
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
a big fuck you to walmart for thinking my cousin was stealing and felt the need to tell us they've been "watching us" the whole time lmao
Stop  MarchBreakMeltDowns - Here's how to keep them entertained - Plus  mapleleafmommy  Duracell / Walmart  GIVEAWAY 
People already playing  WheelerWalkerJr at the bar .. it's gonna be a good night 👍🏼
walmart is the happiest place on earth
I just saw a clown walking around Walmart right now 😂
Walmart is the worst. That's what the W stands for
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks join Google boycott after ads appear next to ‘appalling’ videos  Advertising  Marketing  
 theleakymind  RenektonBot  Walmart Definitely
holy shit i am 5 seconds into season 9 of  RuPaulsDragRace and i'm already obsessed with  eurekaohara and her walmart realness!!!!
 JennaLeverenz Shut up crybaby , if you got a problem meet me at Walmart 😂😂😂
Read food labels! Instant potatoes, for example, may not be just potatoes!! 😠😬😨😷 foodallergy  Walmart 
 LordFenrir The one by Walmart? I never been there yet
I just entered 2  WIN   100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks join Google boycott after ads run next to ‘appalling’ videos 
 aroundyrheart well that one was like 3ft i got   toys r us a while ago but then on black friday they had FIVE FT ONES AT WALMART
Ordered the Homz bins from  walmart .com. They came with zero packing & all 16 were broke. They'd work great if not… 
Remember! There's no I in Walmart!
Why is Walmart so ratchet
When your grandma tells you that y'all are gonna go on an adventure and it turns out to be a trip to Walmart... 
WALMART SHOPPERS!!
Oh MAMA!!
 texans for  TRUMP
 mcconnell  mamas  food  sunset  love  TexasToDo
 Kentucky… 
 Lucid_Drinking Thank you for this. I needed it, after the crap show that was the walmart fitting room mirror.
I entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
My phone died while in walmart but im back and they fucked my cake order up so! We're HOPEFULLY getting it tomorrow
 lyf_is_music if you want something good, it's not gonna be at walmart PERSONAL OPINION
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
We have Electric Car charging stations and just surpassed 4,000 charges! The stalls are located across from Walmart… 
the flowers at target and jewel and walgreens and Walmart and all those other chains are small. pathetic. barely have two days in them.
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in San Jose, CA 
Man hands over 'give me all the money' note to cashier, robs Northeast Memphis Walmart via  FOX13Memphis
Nothing screams white trash like blaring eminem's "white america" out of your mini van door smoking a cigarrette in the Walmart parking lot
The la machines in the front of Walmart that cost 25cent 
Target is getting just as bad as Walmart. In for 15 mins. Saw 4 people I know.
there's a guy that works at a Walmart near me thats 7'4

ha take that  danisnotonfire and  AmazingPhil you tall bastards.
The walmart On McDowell is sooo ghetto I hate going there lol I feel like if I park my car is gonna get scraped
They done hired these ghetto mfs at Walmart. Lord Jesus keep me near the cross
Going to walmart with grandma & grandpa👶🏻
 bakbakbakkerr what's wrong with Walmart lol  imaskingforafriend
FDA Finds Majority of Herbal Supplements at GNC, Walmart, Walgreens, And Target Don’t Contain What They Claim –... 
 tannerfox ither trampoline or mess around in Walmart
 tannerfox doing your dares (Walmart edition)
This girl is getting mad and calling me stupid bc I told her she can't buy the original bb at Walmart 😂😂
 WhatTheFFacts my dad has been at walmart for 15 years already the lines must be terrible😫
 peridot3ds Thank you for shopping with us! We hope you enjoy it. -Trav
This is the force behind the Youtube censorship campaign.  The users and content creators are what matters the... 
 crena06 he bought his shirt at Walmart. In sorry you had to deal with him
 lyf_is_music honestly if you can get it at walmart, DONT get it
 tannerfox  mess around in Walmart.
Consider this, if GameStop goes where are normal people going to go get consoles and advice on games? Don't say Walmart.
Yes 40   39 OF THEM TO KEEP HER FROM LOOKING LIKE SHE DRESSED FROM A WALMART CLEARANCE SALE... (failed !)  and 1 to… 
Idk how I run into everyone at Walmart when i look bummy
WALMART SELLS EGGLESS COOKIE DOUGH JUST FOR EATING THATS SAFE FOR PREGNANT WOMEN💃🏼
I just caught a shiny Magikarp at walmart!! 
MAGICAL EASTER GIFT!  Hatch a Raccoon, Skunk, Squirrel, or Bunny out of a Jumbo Egg that kids can DECORATE!... 
Who would've thought that Walmart eyeshadow would do me some justice 
WALMART ACADEMY CAN GO GET FUCKED

"HEY, HERE'S 900 REASONS NOT TO JOIN A UNION."

OK, YOU GRADUATE.
 brawadis come to poway i wanna meet you and Brian so bad come to poway by the stater brothers and walmart
Hot Walmart car guy just lifted a large bicycle over his head while walking past me. I'm gonna delude myself into thinking it was for me. 😂
 1RobOlu walmart
 techdeals Avery All-Purpose 1x3" Label 128-Pack for  1 + pickup at Walmart 
 kezwilliams13  guitarandmusicI This 'Walmart" paint jon is hands down the worst ever 
 ddrm2017 run along there hon. Don't let Trump grab you by the Pussy on your way out! (It's "toodles" btw mr WalMart employee)
Actually I kinda am. I take my dog to Walmart sometimes 
There was an impromptu American muscle car gathering in the Walmart parking lot today 💪🏁🇺🇸 
 esperdreams Ah, our Walmart doesn't carry them, just Best Buy and they have them at  19.99.
we got kicked out of walmart for sneaking a puppy in
Walmart is going full Mexican yo 
Yea I think Walmart pretty much gives away paper bags if u ever happen to go in one 
DrinkWell Denmark designer's mid-century modern glassware is still popular - Palm Beach Post 
 CheapBossAttack Well at Walmart. I've seen them more.
 FlashFudd this even goes for walmart lol a liter is a  1 but right above em the 2 liters are a  1 as well
We could literally go anywhere. The mall, the park....Walmart 😂😂 
Ant Muriale buys his clothes from the clearance rack at Walmart.
 wheezywaiter I saw that  michaelaranda & Co. bought theirs at Walmart last night, with Zelda special edition. Oh, wait...
When you have to go to Walmart on a Saturday... 
Protip: walmart has roses for 5 dollars she wont ask where theyre from but she will love that you thought of her
If California would quit subsidizing illegals the cost of living wouldn't be so high and this wouldn't be happening. 
 firefire100 not too sure walmart here can do all that lol
Walmart is petty!  Wanna have the Girl Scouts out with cookies and I just cut junk food out this week 🤔😑
messing around in walmart: via  YouTube
 LIRIK using the 6ft walmart banquet table as a desk. Not too bad though. 
coworker jus said she likes my new Air Walmart Nonslip 7s. yeah, she wants the kielbasa 🍆🍆🍆
 haileyATLPTVSWS NOT even Walmart version HE'S THE DOLLAR STORE VERSION
Deputies searching for Walmart seafood thief 
Bought a  yarn  yoshi  amiibo from Walmart for  4. It was on clearance. :)  nintendo… 
 Walmart false alarm!
 LTrotsky21  SandraHartle If the WalMart employees are citizens, I have no problem with this practice. Do you?
18 Walmart Employees Revealing Their Dark Confessions About Mistreatment i... 
Saw this at Walmart. Might pick up tomorrow. 
 carhoelyn_ Gotcha. I think it probably is too? I just buy WalMart's and or Target's brand though.
 MuziclverNY18  Walmart house fire, actually garage and they had to cut power to battle flames. No one hurt
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded 
God will put you where he wants you, even if it is a certain Walmart checkout line.  ThankfulForGodWinks
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content.  YouTube better clean up their act fast 
 Bearzmoke  Walmart  pepsi  YouTube you forgot McDonald's
Closest walmart 30mins away...and i HAD to go to walmart smdh  lasttime (at  Walmart in Quincy, MA) 
I liked a  YouTube video from  toyhuntdudes Pokemon Card Pack Hunt - Pokemon Cards - ToysRus and Walmart
It's like buying furniture from Walmart...
 MentionDee_ We're sorry to hear that! Please contact us at so we can look in to this. -Trav
 WhyHim? in stores Tuesday. Pre-order your copy at  Walmart today. 
Quality Assurance High School in Cleburne, TX: references, cat, worth, inspector, walmart, fort 
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded – TheBlaze 
 takefiveaday I stumbled across these boxed diecasts at Walmart today. The boxes also form a puzzle when stacked! 
Chaise was in a shopping cart at Walmart and somehow ended up on the floor I love my friends 
 Walmart i bought a tv and it came with no screws and remote. I do not have a car! What am I to do...?
I just saw someone call misaruka the "walmart version of versailles" im screming (why is the former they still a band though)
 ddrm2017 handouts? Like what? Like the ones we give to walmart & Lockheed Martin?
Ultra. CVS. Rite Aid. Walgreens. Target. Walmart. 
 Retweet  BabyFood Happy Baby Broccoli Kale and Cheddar Superfood
Everything in walmart moves so slow omg
Hotel gym is closed so I'm doing laps around a Walmart parking lot. Would prob look suspicious except its Walmart.
Indio Walmart has a Switch in stock 
Why Does Walmart Keep Upping Its Stake In Chinese e-Commerce Player 
Some negro done stole from Walmart. He outside talkin bout some "what I do?" Nigga you know what you did.
 pokemon water bottle I had made for my birthday at   walmart  krabby my favorite pokemon 
i just beheld the most attractive man i have ever seen irl

and he is a WALMART CASHIER
 HilaryDuff Hilary Duff Dignity_Walmart Exclusive 2-Pack_Brand New_Rare & Collectible_Nice!!… 
onetoomanyrcs and  walmart lighting the trails so we can see where we are going and look good… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hartford, WI 
Walmart rampage suspect agitated after failed battery return, cops say. 
 TSeagroves83  TheOnlyCrW3 dang ok lol u go to Walmart ?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lincoln, NE 
egg NUT fruit LAPTOP 3 EGG 8 = HULU APPLE coffee tokyo 5 walmart - coffeedrip music _ tokyo GOLF PARK music walmart NUT apple 8 ! 7 skype go
. Walmart to launch investment arm in  ecommerce push via  TechCrunch  retail 
Wtf Walmart is selling bred 1's?
Walmart store forced to raise minimum wage to  15; this happens IMMEDIATELY - Allen B. West - AllenBWest.com
 3lectric5heep  TruthFeedNews one Walmart in China Town closed, yup total fail
PepsiCo, Starbucks, Others Pull YouTube Ads Over Racist Videos 
 jaredmecham they have them at my walmart and i live in the states
 Walmart  GameStop Do either of you accept Canadian currency at Watertown NY locations?
 Okbabyyt I thought of Alaya when I saw this outfit at Walmart😊 
 GeorgeDBurkett i waved to u at walmart LOL
im at walmart and i deadass look like im on drugs 
myAppliances->5 Seemingly Superfluous Kitchen Items That Will Improve Your Quality of Life…… 
 Walmart  WalmartToday basically stole  20 from me in the self-check  and gone say there's nothing they can do about it
Bottlehouse Salad Dressing Only  0.48 via Couponing2Savings - Walmart shoppers right now you can ... 
 daphnnnna Walmart prob
 melissaaameli f around get ya car taken on a joy ride by a Walmart employee
homie just compared us to walmart, get em outta here
 reyathasavage i mean i do but unless u want walmart makeup you gon have to wait til i get a job 😂
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded via  theblaze
 vageege  VioletWreck WALMART VS GUCCI IS SO CORRECT
 IrishCARBomb21 i just a copy at walmart
 karamelsriver Walmart wins every time '
 _dwaynenjazz Shane dawson Why i wasn't in youtube red, Shane dawson Kicked out of walmart, or the gabbie show a girl died in 7th period
I liked a  YouTube video Nag jogging papuntang Walmart 🤗
Perfect: lost jobs; lost low-priced outlet; increased strain on unemployment insurance; I love it when a plan comes… 
 Amber_Zeb I went to Walmart and i came back :p! I miss you so much ! Can't wait to see you sexy !!
 kandeejohnson  SinfulColors_NP  Walmart yay! I see myself in this collage!! 😘 thank you I had a blast!
 VioletWreck  The_Tricky_Owl im a prick but mchnz vs mcry to Me Personally is the walmart vs gucci meme in a nutshell
 _dwaynenjazz -   shanedawson plz react to shane dawson new video kicked out of Walmart its soooo funny
Picked up the last  singmovie gift set  Walmart had left! 💛 
Me: im going on a 2 week diet

Grabdma: okay, well remind me to stop by walmart I want ice cream

Me: 
A must or pass??

FREEBIE ALERT!! HURRY!! Free Hershey Kisses!  Freebie

CLICK -->> 
 TheOnlyCrW3 ya I just read the article  and it said ppl are going to amazon and Walmart but for some reason I though they were the goto lol
This cashier at Walmart omfg 🙃
Up to 70% Off Select  Warehouse  Clear-Out from  Walmart
Shop  Amazing Items at Super Low Prices.😍😍😍… 
*convo with Walmart cashier*
Him: do you think I can get your number?
Me: no thanks could you just check me out 
Him: I already did 
😐
Walmart worker sees my contacts.
"Omg you so scary...You look like an x-man"
Yeah bitch...Call me wolverine. I'll slay you... o_O
Walmart thinks they're training me to work in Electronics but really they are training me to become a Pokémon master 
 Healthier  Restored &  Stronger  Hair even after  Dying  BeforeAndAfter 1  week  HairGoals  FinesseHairCare… 
Just saw this old white timer in Walmart with a Kentucky hat on bro had his game face on lol
Car needed a new battery. WalMart had a 3 hour wait time. Figured I could learn to install the battery myself in that time. And so I did.
 Walmart Disappointed I paid for ship to arrive Sat(25) baffled now 800miles farther than it should and I cant get… 
Everyone who sells anything on Facebook in Alcoa always meets the person for the exchange at Walmart. Its like an unwritten rule.
 Meyekuel  Walmart hates you too bitch
 mattmckee_  dad watched me buy beer at Walmart and looked really confused/disappointed
Walmart: The place you go when you need to buy something for a weekend, then take it back when you're done.
Goodbye walmart!!!! See you in two days!!! Finally days off together!🙌
I liked a  YouTube video from  madymooz01 GIRL AT WALMART INTERCOM PRANK
 JamesA22 B yall got wangs at Walmart???
 Sv3nGay I live in a hella small town, 1 Walmart/bestbuy and a Costco. Everything else is mom / pop shop - this ramen shop is unexpected
I'm in Walmart with my publix uniform on and I keep getting strange look from the employees
I liked a  YouTube video from  curvy_lips MINI WalMart Haul | Makeup, Clothes, and Accessories!
Intex Friendly Caterpillar Sprayer Just  5.36!  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals  Intex
Concept’s Womens Sleeveless Flyway Cardigan Just  5! Down From  15!  Instagram  Walmart  Concepts  deal  deals
I don't think I've ever seen anything as poorly run as  Walmart photo center
I heard a kid bark like a little dog in walmart. Future furry.
 couvreur_20 is the Toby Flenderson of WalMart 
Shopping at Walmart doing nothing!!!uhh
does black twitter know about walmart deli's ranch wings?
If ya'll want a new horrible addiction... here yaaa go... it's at Walmart.. and no I'm not sorry 
I need to work at Walmart kuss these coworkers lawdd 🤤😍
Walmart is FUCKING WILD
I was in line at Walmart the other day and some guy walks up to me and tells me im beautiful and like it made me feel so good bout myself.
 FaZeRug I am a subscriber information I would to see a 24 hour fort challenge in Walmart
 banksIouise hahah yeah I saw her when I was walking around! I even went to walmart today, no belle there either :/
traptraptraptraptraptrap (  Walmart Supercenter in Washington, DC) 
The only store I feel comfortable walking around high in is Walmart
i'm going to walmart for 1 thing and 1 thing only
Would it be bad for me to go to Walmart lookin mildly like someone that belongs on Walmart shame site? I really want Ice Cream atm  adulting
Best Walmart find  wheninnebraska  wortheverycent  300cents  drewslaststand  drewmagee22  … 
I found a super sweet yellow lab today at Walmart on Bandera and Mainland if anyone is missing him or knows where his home is pls tell me🐶😔
 xo_syddneyy  Fathom_Imagine just go to Walmart or target or something!! No ones judging you girl! Treat yo self to a facial
HIS EYES AND HAIR IN THE AD IM SOBBING IN WALMART
Started with Del's, then mud riding where the truck almost flipped, Whataburger & stories, then Walmart adventures, & ended with movie night
if I see one more mf from school in Walmart 💀
I'm the whitest person in this county how is Walmart out of my foundation
 Walmart I REALLY need someone in the Walmart Corp. offices to contact me P. L. E. A. S. E!!
I'm gonna have to hit Walmart in a min fam
WALMART BRANDS 😂😂😂💀 
Stearns Adult Nylon/Hydroprene Vest [ Save 99% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
Walmart tonight for sure
 Publix We decided leave our full basket of groceries in the corner and leave. Going to Walmart. Still waiting for your  bull shit excuse
fyi: Walmart sells caskets.
3 guys offered to help me carry a 50 lb dog food bad in Walmart and I was so shocked like there are still gentlemen out there ladies. 😭😅
More Big Advertisers Suspend Google Ads Over Offensive Videos via  adage // 
 Starbucks Walmart and other brick and mortar closing a hint.It's about customer service,and employee attitude.
Starbucks & Walmart join advertisers boycotting YouTube 
 cdnpoli  Twitter  mcuban… 
 LiberalFAIL Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike 
Can someone please tell me why the Turlock Walmart smells like puppy breath
 twheat9 you work at walmart?
i cant seem to stay my ass outta walmart
 JoshuaKaufman18 If they're all there, who's greeting people at Walmart?
My total at Walmart came out to 4.20 then my bank account locked itself due to "fraud" why is my life a meme
I can never find a parking spot at Pineville Walmart.
With niche sites moosejaw,  ModCloth   shoebuy   Walmart  ups it's game in  OnlineRetail    via  WSJ
My mom got her Cadillac oil changed at Walmart and now her car is all messed up 💀
 FunhausTeam available at Walmart 
Attention Walmart shoppers, go fuck yourselves.
This dude goes "this is why I don't have friends. It's 8:15am and they're getting arrested in a Walmart parking lot."
Dream Team killin' it at the Timberlake Walmart today. Helping collect food for our pantry. 
We… 
i hate walmart.
Boycott de Youtube : Strabucks, Pepsi, Walmart 
 TRanger57 I really need to.... Im just waiting on the Walmart Emancipation Proclamation to be passed... My slave c… 
I don't know who auntie this is work in the deli in Walmart in Laplace but she works my fucking nerves with her slow ass
Bag blew out somewhere in albany. Now I gotta go get all new shit. Amazing. Fuck it. Bout to go fuck up a Walmart bill
this missing shit not even funny i been peeped a few months ago. walmart had like 20 recent missing ppl on they board.
Someone told me to explain why  Walmart  is better than  Target 
all of walmart's customers can suck my fucking dick i hate them all
Had to run to the Walmart behind my store because we ran out of trash bags. Now I'm trying to talk myself into goin… 
Walmart’s has acquired womenswear site Modcloth  mergersacquisitions 
We got kicked out of Walmart last night cause my friends said " I bet you won't make a toilet paper Fort and get inside"
People: "Where's Calhoun County's Walmart?"

Me: "Houston."
i was press to see them at walmart☺️ i miss them they want me come bck😫
Made the mistake of taking her to Walmart ... 
Here's how Walmart plans to use in-store drones to move merchandise - Redlands Daily Facts : 
I was walking through the tv section at Walmart and one of the staff had one of the tv start playing the Space Jam movie 👍🏼🏀🔥☄️
 phelan_hobbs nope. just 1 old guy. he charged me 11. walmart charged me 10 today and actually fixed it.
GM, Walmart, Pepsico, FX Join Wave Suspending Google Ads 
I don't like the same survets. I want the galaxy s7 not a gift caed to walmart. I really need the phone.     Love bill hoegler
America is Already Great™ 
Chanel vs. Walmart
Oh shoot, I meant to say Karamel vs. Supercorp... eh well. Same thing
Entire families in their PJs and teenage girls strutting through the parking lot like it's their runway... Walmart has so much to offer.
Found the  b_radiance  blackradiance creme contour kit at  walmart 😍👍 beautyblogger 
Cooler 3G Palmeiras 6 latas ou Long Neck - Doctor Cooler  Palmeiras  Ad 
 TheMissDucky I know that what I was looking for was significantly cheaper at Walmart
I do not feel like Walmart today lol.
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael WALMART SHENANIGANS SPEAKER PRANK! (COPS CAME)
People watching at Walmart is the best.😂
 joseph9love  itwitt2  FiliaultFrance  RoseAnnDeMoro  chunianello Ahh! So you don't shop at Walmart. Now Walmart is the enemy?
I JUST SAW AUDREY LIVINGSTON AT WALMART I AM SO HAPPY
 TheGoodSin my walmart belt been rocking since 09!!
Racist Donald Trump Supporter Follows & Harass Black Man In Walmart Whil... via  YouTube
I fucking hate Walmart
why the fuck i come to walmart on a nice day?
Faded Glory Clothing...Exclusively at WalMart..Spring 2017 available now! 
Best Deals This Week at Walmart 
 ryan_shaban  _richardV_12 I did this at Walmart before 😅😅😅
I almost just slipped on the floor at walmart. Oops
1/1,000,000 reasons why I love being in North Carolina: finding Roy Williams in walmart 😂🐑 
 beourguest wow I didn't know there were two posters out of the movie I just found the rose in the glass today in  Walmart thanks 😊💛💙❤💚🌹🥀👍🏼💕
 BreitbartNews WALMART IS ON BOYCOTT LIST
STARBUCK IS ON THE BOYCOTT LIST
MCDONALDS IS ON BOYCOTT LIST AND IT TURNED OUT MCDONALD IS FUNDING
 mnwild  Walmart  StPaulFireDept how is Walmart connected to the community in any way? They don't pay their employees enough to goto a game
Why is it that none of my expensive jeans fit me as good as my  20 Walmart jeans I wear for work 🤔
I just had about a ten minute conversation with a woman at Walmart about crocs. I've never been more content
 ealDonaldTrumpp  Walmart Lol, go away Drumph!
Mom-"You should go to Walmart for me." 
Me-"Ehhh, no."
Mom-"You can get a pizza for dinner."
Me-"You know me to well."
“HIV Virus” Detected In Walmart Bananas After 10 Year Old Boy Contracts The Virus 
Never thought I'd be spending my birthday alone, sitting at the kitchen table, eating a Walmart rotisserie chicken..go me lol
 BrianKeary they have them at Walmart
Boy somebody just ran out of Walmart with a whole basket full of makeup
Walmart stresses me out
just went to Walmart without a shirt on this is living
I want to love  JusticeLeague and the new Flash but since this is still very much a Chanel vs. Walmart situation wi… 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
Walmart Marketside Traditional Rotisserie Chicken Review  Chicken   Recipes -  
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
Pretty sure I was being followed by one of Walmart's loss prevention people the entire time I was just there. 🙄
 Walmart thank you!!! Can't wait to try the shampoo and conditioner
 LTrotsky21 and once I heard that I stopped shopping there.  I am not alone, the local Walmart is in trouble parking lot empty
The new poster representing Walmart employees. 
DrinkWell State Law Closes Malt Beverage Loophole - Vermillion Plain Talk… 
This lady at Walmart deadass tryna give me store credit instead of my money back lmaoooo girl don't make me cause a scene with this bs fam
 Great_Again__ My problem is that they sell Yoga Pants in Shamu The Whale sizes.  Been to Walmart lately?
Walmart trip with the bestie  runaway_potato 
i'm just pissed  Champion sweats cost  65.00 now, when last year, they were on sale at Walmart for  16.00..
 NiKNiK314 That's an excellent choice! Enjoy your first  BeautyBox! -Ania
[Secret Crush] Your team could sue Walmart in Los Angeles in Sydney and doodles.
Gave the homeless man at Walmart  20 and he wouldn't take a picture with me lolol
A trip to svl Walmart will show you a lot of folks who aren't fit to be parents but have 5 kids anyways
 parkerhawkk8 I know man! The good old Walmart days 😂
Saw a white family at Walmart with 5 kids and I'm pretty sure all five were named Tanner
When was the last time YOU stop while walking in or out of Walmart and even looked on the wall with those missing people, prior to now? 👂🏾👀
Was about to spend 60 bucks at Walmart, used coupons mom gave me.... 7 effing dollars I paid for everything. Mind. Is. BLOWN
 FoxBusiness  DonaldJTrumpJr Nice try, Varney. Charter deal underway for 2 YEARS! As with Exxon, Carrier, Walmart, GM -- Trump NOT A FACTOR!
Walmart what the actual fuck
Walmart Canada launches grocery delivery - IGD Retail Analysis 
Walmart Canada launches grocery delivery 
gone to walmart three times today 😂
I need to go to Walmart. Well at least I should
I'm at Walmart and this guy's name was Gerard and we bartered over a corn dog and I got two for the price of one 
 NiKNiK314 Wow! It looks amazing. What is your favorite item? -Ania
 Braungardtanner never been to an airport, but i have heely'd through target and walmart
Chanel vs Walmart 
 VIPDirecto 
Warning: there's a bunch of weirdos at the Alcoa Walmart rn.
 FunkoPOP Walmart Exclusive find.   OriginalFunko 
 Chase_Glorfield I have no idea. They also go to Walmart on Sundays after church. They're legitimately bonkers!!!
I’ve got a GameStop, Target, Toys R Us and a Walmart all within one mile of each other
Even if you could tell they were walmart bought he looked good. The sleeves of the shirt were rolled up a little and his lips were parted
can't wait to wear this to walmart one day 
Guys, seeing  _sammikay at walmart was honestly the highlight of my day. ❣️
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class as we know it via  YahooFinance
went to Walmart for me but left Walmart with everything for Payton.  lifeofamommy 🤦🏼‍♀️
back from walmart where i got my tire serviced. cost less than the guy who couldnt find anything, and took less time too!
my dad had me in a chokehold at walmart and people just watched 😂😂
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game &Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
The Girl Scouts outside of Walmart get me to buy cookies from them

Every. Single. Damn. Time.
Them- "So how good is ur self control?" 

Me- "Well, I just went to Walmart for one thing. They didn't have it... I still spent  53.47."
My walmart has 20+ registers and only like 4 open at any give time.

All I want are these cliff bars 😭
Wow! Planet Blue is selling airbrushed t shirts (you know the kind) for  66!!! Head on down to the Walmart in PCB for less than half that 😭😂
30 days of night girl. I could just take her to Walmart at 3 AM when she's hungry. We wouldn't lose anyone importan… 
We still in walmart and my phone on 3.
If Walmart don't give me my  150 back I'm tearing this mf building UP TODAY
 tlbxox809 IDC WHAT ANYONE SAYS THAT WAS THE BEST. Whenever im at walmart i just geek out.
I just gave someone a safe,  affordable ride from  Walmart in  cottagegrovemn to  EatAtPerkins in  CityHastingsMN .… 
I breakdown in the Walmart parking lot
Mix and Match Your Way To A Pretty Patio via  BHG  realtor
 LuuhhNaee bet bet Ima pull up after I fade Walmart
I bought my dog a special dog ice cream from Walmart...and my dad saw it and ate it 💀💀💀
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks join Google boycott after ads run next to 'appalling' videos --Sott.net 
 bigbigtruck They just got bought by Walmart, if that helps you dissuade yourself any
 skulleeroz Was at Walmart and they Had Chapter 1 CD (Only 1 Copy) on the Shelf so its now in this  backstreetboys Sister's Hand
Walmart now has 2day free shipping no membership needed. Uh-Oh Amazon ......
Walmart out here selling invisible laptops 
 JustinCalvinV3 We want all live fish to be treated humanely. Please share at & management will be notified. -Ania
When u go to the ghetto walmart 
Walmart Account Management


then I saw an old black couple roasting each other when I was at Walmart. it's like my non-existent future lol
I speed back to Walmart so fast the lady pulls up hands me my purse and says it's okay I was at the right place at the right time
Currently shocked bc all of the cash registers were open at the Bedford Walmart
Walmart just now sending me on my fucking break a hour before I get off
Yeah, Walmart etc basketballs are filled to 365 degrees round. They fit that song better. Less flat. More excitement.
 bigbigtruck if I tell you Modcloth is getting bought by Walmart, will that make your wallet come back to life? 
City of  kelowna  bylaw get rid of these people begging at driveways  costco  walmart
Seriously the slowest checker ever at Walmart..comeee on
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class 
 cannesfashionf all we have here is Walmart to thousands of people so if you want you can e mail me at mikelake1955… 
A lady gets on the phone and says I just found your purse at Walmart where r u so I can bring you your purse 😩😫😲😵
A random person in Walmart complimented me on my waves & we conversed for about 10 minutes about hair. My day has been made
2 people suspected of stealing 90 cans of baby formula from Walmart. by  titsahontas via… 
 allywellsx  Walmart how is this abuse 😂😂
 HuffingtonPost this is like the WalMart version of the Avengers  Marvel  avengers
 skulleeroz Aj Tap  brian_littrell for Me and show him this Message was at Walmart and they Had Chapter 1 CD its now in my Hands Miss you
Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers  zachdcarter +  ryangrim via  HuffPostPol
The person begind me at  Walmart must've done something really good today.
chanel vs walmart 
 allywellsx We want all live fish to be treated humanely. Please share at & management will be notified. -Ania
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Salem, VA 
 mercedesad_ Walmart
not that trafficking doesnt exist - but facebook is notorious for fake reports of "new methods of luring victims" 
when  ryankleiner and I go to Walmart.. 
 cannesfashionf if you want I can work from home to sell for you in which you are not known to thousands here all we have here is walmart
 Walmart_Waylon  kayla_laure23 love you more pal.
Another person in Walmart liked my Blurryface shirt whip
 kayla_laure23  HarshMarsh14 love you bub
So many ugly ppl here at Walmart. *sigh*
Witnessed a Walmart customer talking mad shit to a cashier 👀👀😅
 Caramiellas  RegK1tty yeah Walmart is basically a slave trade. They give you impossible tasks and barely let u have lunch if u don't finish
Went To Walmart & These Niggas Didn't Have A Drop Of Elmers Glue 😑 So Now I Gotta Go To Michaels. Never Been so... 
 Walmart The shipment was fine.. but I'll shop else where next time
Girl Walmart is always on go 
I just left my purse with my phone and wallet in a shopping cart at Walmart 😩
I saw really cute shoes at Walmart. Yikes
&IMG&
Walmart Grocery Shopping 3/11/17 ~ Price Matching, Coupons & Ibotta

 LouAPinto I think they still got the rainbow dip ones Walmart but that's it
Avery All-Purpose 1x3" Label 128-Pack for  1 + pickup at Walmart

just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Avery All-Purpose 1x3" Label 128-Pack for  1 + pickup at Walmart… 
The Costco in North Brunswick is like the Walmart in North Brunswick just a little safer. Wow this place should be condemned.
 HelenClifton8 I'm not sure. I'd love to find out. Apparently someone, you can get it at Walmart
"up & coming" Is what I call a knockoff soda when I don't have the💲for WalMart brand DrPepper
 DrThunder… 
Enter To  Win a TV, Slow Cooker,  50 Walmart Gift Card & More from Conagra  Sweepstakes Ends 4-3  SH
Dude in Walmart keep staring at me. Weirdo
GM, Walmart, Pepsico, FX Join Wave Suspending Google Ads | Digital - AdAge 
The pictures I receive when I let Joey watch Axle while I go to Walmart 🙂 
Between Sam's & walmart they take all my monies
Hey Reddit, what's the code for using the intercom at Walmart in 2017?  Q&A  REDDIT  ASKREDDIT  QUESTIONS 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 124 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/25/2017 5:31:05 PM
The lines in Walmart really make you wanna steal 😂
O.N.E.â¢ Coconut Water 33.8 fl. oz. Aseptic Pack [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
 everything in this  selfie courtesy of  walmart  Walmart 😅😂 
 hollygibson46 ☹ i cant go inside walmart?
Guy at Walmart thought I was stoned because he saw the reaction on my face when I saw that they had mini pies for 50 cents.
ROBBERY: Memphis Police are on the lookout for a man who robbed a store after passing a note to a cashier.

DETAILS… 
Walmart Exclusive Carnage Funko Dorbz! Coming Soon! -  Funko  FunkoPOP  POP  POPVinyl… 
So apparently nobody has hay fever cuz they going from home to shopping centers and Walmart.  What happened to... 
 bmoya25 I'm not taking you to Walmart
wtf?  Walmart is charging people  600 for a Nintendo switch in their online store.
I've decided I'm going to start a study on what store white trash/ghetto people perfer to cause scenes in more: Walmart or Kroger?
 Plebberon really at Walmart i saw one for your phone for  6.
walmart is wild don't touch strangers wth
Chanel vs. Walmart
 amici16 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Neighborhood Market, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 124 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/25/2017 5:28:51 PM
 dantheman8__ I got it from Walmart but I'm sure at Walgreens, cvs any drugstore
 YoanaVega10 Can you think of  better scapegoats than these 2?custom ordered for 1 stop blame shopping (like Walmart) - no thinking required
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content
 mru3841 
Shopping at Walmart??? 
At Walmart:  All-Bran - Save  2.50   onlinecoupons  printablecoupons  save.ca  save.ca  walmart -... 
Recommended read on  Medium: “Pepsi, Walmart, Starbucks, AT&T, Verizon, VW (and hundreds more) suspend YouTube/Goo… 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
why is Walmart a congregation of all the ignorant scummy people in the valley. I've been in here for 2 mins and already 6 people ran into me
 lilrongal It's Walmart. There are like only 5 rows of paperbacks so I get space is an issue but no dice. Also black romance readers already
 girlsday  shopping  bathandbodyworks  walmart ..ugh.  sprouts  barnesandnoble...  coffee and… 
LOOK WHAT I FOUND IN WALMART IT IS THE LAST ONE IM BUYING IT 
Well, that North Attleboro Walmart was a nightmare. 😬  werenotinsouthernRIanymore 😖
I should be went to Walmart. Got home and sat down &I don't even wanna leave anymore
 qweenpush  JayKenMinaj 😐 just googled Justin Combs... he already looks like a walmart version of someone 😢😢😢😢
 Digital  Advertising news...
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content 

Buggy full at one store- 50
3 bags at Walmart -  97.40
I picked the wrong lane at Walmart 😑
Think ima go to Williamston when I get off . I need to go to a Walmart with more variety of things. 👐🏼 cause ahoskie ain't got nothing
You can pick it up at walmart 3rd row behind the cereal! 
College is going to Walmart to buy ramen because it's 12 cents more at Target
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike  LosAngeles  maga
 KalleAlexis there's a non dairy section at giant eagle but they also sell coconut milk/almond milk ice cream at Walmart
This week I bought 3 fujifilms at Walmart wearing large-hole fishnets under my mom jeans but I'm more of an adderal… 
Every since i moved on my own im always in target nd walmart
it's 2017 why doesn't walmart deliver
Walmart: CHEAP Salad Dressing, Fair Life Milk & Stainmaster! 
Everybody loving this little outfit Khy got on 💜 little do they know it came straight from Walmart 😊😊
Just Skyped with this German beauty. She says she misses late night Walmart trips and Reese's the most, but I miss… 
 Roblox Will they become available at Walmart in Canada? Because I don't have a toys r us near me.
Hey  Walmart Please pay a living wage.
 jaydeez7 U can also share your experience w/ us   the link above or let us know if your concern was resolved to your satisfaction. -Ania
I was so shocked when my wife called me a lazy twat when I was in Walmart yesterday that I almost fell of my motorized scooter
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class via  BI_RetailNews
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Vancouver, WA 
Channel vs Walmart 
 JayKenMinaj  DJTELLY410 we so beautiful my chest hurt cause he look like the walmart justin combs
zach is calling Walmart to see if they sell alcohol
 Qveeng98 oh ion never go there i go to the one by gateway walmart
 BirdieSeeker88  Walmart  mnwild what was I just saying about us sponsoring more local sports...? This is awesome!!
I just walked into the women's bathroom at Walmart and I was wondering why a lady was looking at me crazy and left.
Literally hate working at Walmart. You have the most creepiest, weirdest, rudest people 😒
Waiting in line at the pharmacy in Walmart  Walmart
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards finally! Took everything out of the "vault". Never again!
 notedtocon well I won't shame u for it I'm too nice go walmart
Check your Frozen pizza if it was bought at Walmart! ~ Ricky B on the Radio 
y e s will  wear  friend walmart
Not quite Truth, If it were not for shoplifting Walmart, and many other stores could operate with profit. Was Asset… 
Dinner and a movie (  Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in Hamilton, ON) 
 Mustang67Mark Really was that way before. Even during hurricanes we get up fast. On same grid as Walmart Dist.
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? NEW recipes, Q&A, more vinegar(s) recipes
Stopped at Walmart to pick up my boyfriend. (not the driver) 
 RenektonBot my Walmart put an bunch of games on clearance too so I assume it's a result of corporate barking about the clutter in the cases
I was excited to get home but right when we got to Texarkana I had to go to Walmart by myself and it ruined my happiness.
 ChrisBelyk Sterling, Illinois obvious Walmart  PLUG 
Ich mag das  YouTube-Video: How to Beat a Walmart Security Tag
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART GAME OF SCOOT!!!
I just got hella crop dusted at Walmart. 🤢🤢🤢
 5 at Walmart and it's so much better than rubbing my hands all over my face like a gorilla?
Walmart store forced to raise minimum wage to  15; this happens IMMEDIATELY via  AllenWest  tcot  ccot  Libtards
Mason informed me earlier a woman at walmart tried flirting with him hardcore and he told her he was married... that's my man 🤷🏽‍♀️😂😂
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded - 
 TaylorrWesley I'm not go order that crazy lmao I was gonna go to Walmart 😂😂
Coric is a walmart brand Dominic Thiem. How tf did walmart brand destroy him 6-1
 ZitoGillian also saw ur parents today at walmart lol
 notedtocon that's like encouraging me to shop at Walmart more often
 clydienextdoor everything i named is behind the counter. the face wash & oil is   walmart & the soap is from the flea market
Ozark Trail Kids Chairs (blue) ~as low as  1.75!
Go Here--->> 
my favorite people are the elderly  people who greet you when you walk into walmart
Keyuna And Michelle Helping On My Route....And KeiKei Just Threw Me Her Walmart Employee Discount Card
My mom made me go check walmart for tires but their service always sucks😒
I get such bad anxiety going to Walmart 😐
 megangloede  DumbCatFace i saw a girl from my visit at cf walmart too 😂
what i bought at walmart:
- shoe polish
- mints 

Brother:  " are you on drugs?"
cashier: *laughs, but then gives me a look*
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards Mine appears to be working now.
 softlikewater Imagine most trumpers shop at Walmart for the cheapest shit made in China, that no Chinese person would buy!
Took  20 cash out and forgot it at Walmart. Quietly telling myself it's just money & maybe someone who needs it will find it.
Fraud against we the ppl...filmed by NY lawyer!

Just saw 2 women with babies  Walmart and they were white !  ThankYouJesus !
 lovrmendes legit gucci vs walmart 
every where my dad goes, whether it's to walmart or the auto shop, people are drawn in by his calm ass manner. never fails
 KalvinMacleod  AndyAsAdjective No, that's how we got Walmart.
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks join Google boycott after ads appear next to ‘appalling’ videos  
Walmart Increase Clicks by 80% with Weather Ads 
A  realsolution recipe for one heck of a week: Fish tacos with avocado!  LiveBetterMagazine 
Supply Chain News on Walmart and Amazon by the Numbers 2017 Part 2 
BE RIGHT BoeingCK IM THROWING MYSELF THROUGH THE WINDOW OF THIS WALMART  evileyeofdunn  jodithhlavaty 
So my local  Walmart said they wouldn't have kites until next Spring because they're seasonal. Huh? 😞
Hopefully BEAUTY AND THE BEAST is eventually sold with the documentary ZOO in a two pack at Best Buy and Walmart.
The boys playing basketball at Walmart.
 DumbCatFace This happened to me when I got out. I saw the dude at the CF Walmart and I was like "do I say something or?" Lmao.
No matter how bad your day is going, just remember you could be at Walmart after they've changed the location of everything…
 lystrahan have to be at Walmart 😂😂
Just like using essential oils, know your supplier and stay away from the cheap stuff! 
THIS LADY IN WALMART STARING👀👀👀👸 AT ME LIKE SHE NEVER SEEN A PERSON PUT ON LOTION AND PUT IT BoeingCK ON THE SHELF😑😑😑
Beware. I found dirt and dust in my gummy bears from  Walmart 
is this really the conditions fish should be kept in?  Walmart 
Big spring savings is here, yo. Classic  walmart 
 avi32_ right I bet shit I seen Sarah at Walmart when she was get donations
Man I hate Walmart lol
 HarshMarsh14  Walmart_Waylon Marsh is sorry!
walmart
Made a deal w/  Walmart to mandate 2 greeters in EVERY store! This will create 50% more jobs for our veterans!  justiceleague  ArchieMiller
If anyone wants to pick me up to make forts at Walmart made out of toilet paper hmu
 1ovepreet that's a lot of attitude from the walmart branded drake
stop selling/abusing fish  Walmart 
I'm in a Walmart that's different from my usual Walmart and I'm very confused. 
Admittedly e've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffeb in Ugg boots = Hell
 meli_fig Walmart is a loser   Just take it back. How could it go bad in 2 weeks?
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael FART SPRAY PRANK AT WALMART! (SECURITY CALLED)
White Chocolate Cranberry Layer Bars  FunWithGma  Yummy  GetCookin 
THEY BUILT A  wetzelspretzels INSIDE THE WALMART YOUR DAD WORKS AT AND I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER  justbeinaruu
q and a at walmart!! funny go watch it!! 
 DavidJo52951945  barbiesewandsew  I am a minority when I shop at Walmart.  Just like in this cartoon.
 RenektonBot  fyzzgiggidy and Mrs Potts is the creepiest. 
Okay Rodrick was my favorite character from the diary of a wimpy kid movie and now they got the Walmart version like WTF GET OUT!
Back then when were kids now where not kids anymore lol. Can you believe I just barley left Walmart like right now… 
 walmart is still using  linux 2.x Ouch!
 playboy women of walmart julie stiles sex scene 
DrinkWell Four Glasses Every Beer Geek Needs To Own - Willamette Week… 
 playerTBNL And if you're familiar with Ridgely/Tiptonville, that Walmart is the only connection to civilization
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist tips to Picking Up Hot Bishes at Walmart PRANK [GONE WRONG] 18+
 silver666v  ranigoback But it was just Walmart!
 Javimarroquin9 Low Blow comments on  Walmart shirts!   pregnantputa
I just want to thank  SinfulColors_NP &  Walmart 4 putting on the best meet & greet 2day so I could hug everyone, i… 
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded: Three men described by media sources as “cowboys” rode into a …
Baby Walmart is ridiculous rn
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded -…  equestrian  horse  equine
I asked my dad to get me a shower loofah from Walmart, you know the  2 colorful one? And he bought me a  10 sponge
 Cinaily Thanks for shopping with us! -Ania
 OakTreeStatus ahhh Dyersberg: where Walmart isn't just a store, it's a way of life
 CreamyKitty1 yeeeeees. Though you look like how i do when i finish working cosmetics for a week at my walmart. Destroyed.
 pacifictease at least he didn't die at Walmart...
Imagine the Walton/WalMart family had no employees.  Would they be wealthy? Where does wealth come from?
 zuma02  pixelatedboat  GayPatriot
Thanks for sharing  ryandirteater ! 
Kissing hands and shaking babies at walmart with these… 
Wow, Pepsi, Walmart, and Starbucks are incredibly ignorant... glad I won't see their ads anymore. This is a great … 
 Walmart  "you have called the wrong number, please call the number on the back of your card, thank you and good bye".I need my money to eat
♢☾ Selling on Walmart Marketplace: is it Really Worth the Effort? Get Results 
 bigrollsaz We apologize! Have you called 866-795-7597, opt. 4 for Money Card help? - Ania
WATCH: Citizen Sees What Muslim Welfare Queens Do At Walmart, Records Video For All to Watch 
 NotGrimey yeah across from Walmart
 IcePanda Is Walmart your backup or go-to?
How to Hire With Color Business Cards via  FixturesCloseUp  Wordpress  RetailFixtures  Walmart  SHRM
 FoxNews  jay_coulombe Damn right wing hippies, get off the streets! Can't you see I need to get to Walmart to buy some cheap plastic crap.
How To Hire With Chalkboard Sidewalk Signs via  FixturesCloseUp  Wordpress  RetailFixtures  Walmart  SHRM
Watch:  Texas cowboys ride  horses through  Walmart, security left dumbfounded: Three men… 
I actually love the view from the bridge to Walmart 
Walmart deli wings 🤔
JUST GOT OFF WORK AND WENT TO WALMART FEELING LIKE SHIT TO BUY TAMPONS AND THIS OLD CRUSTY BITCH HAD THE NERVE TO SAY "smile!"
at walmart for the 3rd time in 24 hours
a man is belting a tune
my cart has a wobbly wheel
Nice
 pws53069 haha that's all you got ? Haha repeat what you heard , too bad there is no sale for Brains at your local Walmart
 Walmart already have a ticket open for the Regional Manager to let them know. They said I should get a phone call in the next 3 days.
Looks like some dude shit his pants at Walmart and just had to ditch them. 
 MsVick_History we are carrying them around Walmart 😂😂
 Reflog_18 Walmart makes good cakes. Teach the boy the good old American value of outsourcing
Dude I see everyone at Walmart 🙃🙃🙃
i just heard a middle schooler at walmart say "yeah bro didn't you see that on 9gag" to his friend and honestly i'm in physical pain
When you get to enjoy Publix and other states just got Walmart 
Seymour has two high schools: Walmart and SHS
Next time at Walmart need new laundry bag etc
A guy had his new service puppy with him in Walmart today and he let me pet it and my heart was so full😍
You know when you walk out of Walmart and go to where you think your car is parked but turns out that was where you parked last week...
 Cheloga2  SARGSIG Fucking walmart makes a killing on all the Chinese shit they sell us. Workers deserve  5/hr just to deal with Wally Mngmt
 jaydeez7 We apologize for the trouble. Please share your experience with us at so we can improve. -Ania
shoutout to the dude who almost ran over me in walmart parking lot today. you the real MVP👏🏼
[Video] Man Rides His Horse While Shopping At Walmart

[Video] Man Rides His Horse While Shopping At Walmart!

Those cheddar biscuits from Walmart....OMG
eCommerce  Marketing  Manager - Walmart eGrocery at  PepsiCo in  NewYorkNewYork  job 
Our parents went against us at Walmart and want to make our ducks into a caldo😂  lunamontejano
I'm so mad that walmart is allowed to sell fish
 Walmart stop selling/ abusing fish 
Liberal FAIL! 
Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike 

If anybody goes to walmart today and wants to check something for me, that'd be rad as heck
my parents said they were going to walmart, but they forgot to mention that they were going to walmart in STOUFFVILLE
They're selling Girl Scout cookies outside Walmart how many boxes should my fat ass get
Need a CVS fix Walmart and Wawa fix
LOOK WHATS ON SHUFFLE I SUDDENLY LOVE WALKING TO WALMART 
 ljbama22 of course he's in what appears to be Walmart
 mutekitten fuck walmart
 karinadlopez03 LOL no 😂 these are Walmart fish so they're fancier 😌
Fucking hate Walmart
I hate this place (  Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in St. Catharines, ON) 
well guess i should go to walmart and get my dog a new chain
I have never been to as many  WallyWorlds as I have on this trip.  Walmart  MysticSpiralWorldTour
Wanted more stuff at Walmart but could not carry it all on the bus
LeeCamp: New post on my blog: Redacted Tonight  141-Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & … 
That's not a deal Walmart got em 10 for  5 
Meth much? 
Got pants at Walmart & laundry detergent
 debrinayuzon You're very welcome. Happy to help! -Ania
Mountain Summit Gear Cool Boy Chair [ Save 99% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
 Walmart plays catch-up to  amazon &  AlibabaGroup w/  SiliconValley incubator for  VR &  AR | 
 markblomsteel  Walmart  Marlins Cool hat!! Yay Walmart 😁
 Baca_Fl0cka  I was buying alcohol and pedialyte at Walmart and the lady in line behind me asked if I was old enough to own a credit card
28. WalMart or Target?
Win A  25 Walmart Gift Card In The March Into Spring Giveaway Hop! Ends 3/31 
 Walmart carries dead fish if you guys are interested 
walmart serves  1 store gold star clients   obamacare 
Interfaith Food Bank to rebuild loading dock with Walmart donation,  MelissaVHerald reports
 yql
 IFBLethbridge
Business: Walmart Canada launches grocery delivery - IGD Retail Analysis 
 punsandponies Walmart
 Willcboha64 Please call 866-795-7597, opt. 4 for Money Card help. Thanks! -Ania
I liked a  YouTube video from  spacejamgardenz DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART (COPS KICKED US OUT)
What time does the eye brows place in Walmart close ?
 Roblox you need to sell them at Walmart
 TheLordHasSpoke I think I'm good. People in Walmart freak me out. 😯❤❤
 alexlopez60606 for real. At Walmart at that😒
Dee was racially profiled at the PHARMACY in WALMART over dang allergy medicine.
😂✌️whateverrrrrr fuck you walmart
 DirtySteezo by Walmart what's good
I liked a  YouTube video How to Beat a Walmart Security Tag
Walmart Slaved My Ass Today Boy Oml .
 DashieXP look who i found at walmart... Thought of you maybe i should send it 
Went to Walmart for their famous fried chicken and some Amish potato salad:) — eating chicken wings
 OG_Buddah bouta go to Walmart right now
 Purrteen still at Walmart
Hungry and nothing quick to make, I need to go to Walmart
Wasting time at Walmart with Taylor. 
Something about Walmart just pisses me off
 Nintendo  3DS  Reddit  Livebroadcasting Didn't think overcrowded Walmart 1.4Mbs Internet would work, but here I a… 
 katzz77 You can find it at your local Walmart
Never getting my eyebrows waxed before going into walmart again
Nothing like a trip to Walmart to boost the old self esteem
 WalmartCanada just to update. Went to Walmart in the sunrise centre not there either. My daughter has a bed and mattress so needs bedding
jus trying to go to Walmart 🙄🙄
 meli_fig  Walmart Maybe a job for  DCAnews ?
I hate growing up in a small town cause you go to Walmart and see everyone you don't wanna see 😂
Walmart daytime crowd...... way different than night. Way.
Went to Walmart to get 3 things some tissue more body wash and deodorant and came out with 200  worth of stuff😩😩
 Jblu_fenty3 it's storming sis. I just left chalmette walmart
I leave Carrollton for ONE day and Georgi is calling me asking if she can get a dog from the Walmart parking lot....
walmart has the cutest little baby clothes rn for girls ❤😘
I'm now sitting in my car cause people in Walmart are annoying and make me wanna cry. Lol
I got this shirt at Walmart a couple of days ago. I love it. Do you think I should get another… 
 Willcboha64  Walmart  greendotcards Well mine just posted not long ago so I am sure yours will soon!
 Snitfit  EllenLWeintraub Definitely time for a career change, maybe Walmart greeter would be more appropriate!😂😂
Free Hershey’s Kisses at Walmart with Freeosk 
Star Wars Walmart Black Series Figure Lot Of 6 Loose 3.75 Inch Complete Mint 
Literally in heaven in Walmart right now - forgot how amazing American snacks and food choices are
New post on my blog: Redacted Tonight  141-Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More 
I hate Walmart. How are you not gunna have bottles of alcohol
 Nintendo  Game  Reddit  Livebroadcasting Didn't think overcrowded Walmart 1.4Mbs Internet would work, but here I … 
Andy: I'm going to Wallyworld after dinner you guys want to go with?
Madi: where's/what is Wally World? 
Me: it's Walmart.
 madisonshwayhat
Saw this guy   Walmart in ACU's with a bushy ass beard. Not even shaving profile let him have it that long. My friend almost said something.
 Chef_Chuckee  Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards it ate a good chunk of my monies that i put on it. :/ why
Avoid Walmart in Upper. It's a trap. They're selling girl scout cookies out front.
I went to Walmart to buy some hangers, this elderly black lady watched all these white people with full baskets walk by and stopped me
I fucking hate Walmart there's always long ass lines and the cashiers are so fucking slow
I wish they still sold fish at Walmart...my life would be so much easier.
Mattress Firm is like the Walmart of bedding. Every town has 4 or 5 now it seems 
My mom said take me to Walmart and I said nah we going to Target
 sumbitch13  Walmart  Starbucks  PepsiCo  YouTube I agree, just sucks Starbucks has really good coffee: (
Keep it steezy, y'all. Rider: ivebeenshoveling  steezy  whip  mtb  nodignoride  canon  7d   Walmart 
Love standing outside Walmart for 2 hours..
I liked a  YouTube video EP 75 - Vincent no Walmart em 1080p e 60 fps
Walmart about to be one employee short they keep fwm 💯
Going to Walmart on Saturdays is comparable to sitting next to Judas and Hitler in hell
 FedExHelp I could've also had it delivered to Walmart my time is limited with work that's why I opted for a delivery.
Let's play "is this an art installation or a bunch of trash in a Walmart isle?" 
My mom: that's why I don't go to Walmart u see everyone u know 
Me: I didn't see anyone when I went but I don't know anybody 
Mom: exactly
🏃🏽‍♀️running to nearest walmart 
I'm blind and I lost sunshine at Walmart..
Produce Associate - Walmart Canada - Halifax, NS Job Halifax CA
 Wes10 catch me at walmart how bout that
When krys and kelvin in Walmart without you 😔
How many people are affected by this new "technical problem" and how much money  has walmart made because of it??    walmartmoneycard
Purina Beyond Pet Food 50% Off at Walmart This Week! - 
steals cookies from walmart
kbye
The Redbox machine at Walmart is blue....cause that makes sense.
Is that why you quoted him?? No one cares that you just go back from walmart ok? 
Walmart CEO cites growing importance of private label 
I just went to Walmart and bought like the grossest shit imaginable 
24 cents today!!! greenlightavetcampaign💡💚🇺🇸   Walmart Bakersfield - Rosedale Hwy 
FBLA is the walmart brand of DECA 👀
I liked a  YouTube video from  aldosworldtv (CREEPY!) 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT WALMART FORT ⏰ | CHASED BY SCARY
About to go see if Walmart has that retro Ultimate Warrior figure. Really don't want to pay secondary market prices on that.
 baybaeboy en Walmart 😎😋😉
 GroceryOutlet claims they offer such low prices they don't accept  coupons. I've never noticed any great savings.… 
Sometimes when I dog sit, I go walk around the Walmart on 23rd street for entertainment
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded -  TCOT  conservative
I saw Gil's parents at Walmart and I wanted to cry bc I miss them so much and they said they missed me 😭
im not IM i just got back from walmart and saw this can you not 
So I'm picturing some dude hauling a girl over his shoulder the whole time he's shopping for groceries at Walmart… 
 Nick_Nicosia if you asked me to imagine what an outfit from Walmart would look like, this would be Exacty it
 randywatt walmart
 MagicalEmi We understand your frustration & encourage u to share your experience w/ a manager as well as    -Ania
Well look 👀 what I found for  4 at Walmart!  Oh it's on now! Summer is coming 😬!! 
Dude I just saw this little kid/little girl with a fricken furry suit head on and going to fricken Walmart. Why do I see the weirdest things
So i just ran into Mr. Young at Walmart and introduced myself. Cool guy. I congratulate him on all his success  WillsPointHS with the band!
everyone's all shook that there aren't any peep oreos where they live but there are shelves of them at my local walmart
 Saturday trip to  Walmart  countrymusic  dutchboy  Marlins 
 JiggaBuckets to Walmart lol where you was going
*convo w the cashier checking me out at WalMart* "you have cool eyes" "thanks" "they look like they are looking into my soul"  bishwuuut ???
SDJSDJVSDJ i just remembered i have a 1d notebook i got for .50 cents at walmart from like 2011 in my room somewhere
Someone get me walmart popcorn chicken
the beauty gives you society with the colloquial Walmart; the technical society with the panting capitalist 🐩
 Walmart's latest move confirms death of the American  middleclass decreased 95% as we know it 
Went to Taco Bell and Walmart back to back. What's wrong with me?
Automated screening causes problems .. PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content 
Just saw a cute girl at Walmart. How do I talk to her
In my opinion  walmart  Starbucks  PepsiCo should quit bullying, extorting and blackmailing   YouTube into censorship. Hateable companies💩🖕🏻
People who work at Walmart are fuckin tweakers
I got these and1s at Walmart for 15 dollars 
There is only one  WAYNEnBoeingLTIMORE It's "walmart" not "walmarts"
Hannah loves Shelby, her American Girl doll. We stopped by Walmart… 
Walmart bathrooms are always so grosssss
Me: "I don't like going to Walmart when I have the weekend off."

(Text Message from Work)

Tech: "They just got a… 
 FedExHelp it also makes me apprehensive from ordering from Walmart ever again because this is twice now.
chanel vs. trash... cause bitch even walmart is better than tHIS I WANT A REFUND 
Every store should be Walmart.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Man Shopping For Headphones In Walmart And Was Followed Around By
 FedExHelp one of my thieving neighbors now has  60 worth of merchandise and Walmart had to refund me
 theblaze The horses are probably cleaner than a lot of people in Walmart!
I'm pretty sure you can get all that at any local Walmart 
I haven't worked at dominos since December, but I'm here at walmart like, I remember giving you pizza
.  ObeyPanther you're just a Walmart version of this. 
You know what I like about  Walmart? Oh wait... Nevermind.
I swear my life is a TV show. I'm at Walmart and an old lady wants to buy 3 watermelons, but only has enough cash... 
A 3-pack of razors only costs  6.97 at Walmart but do you sis 
i literally went to walmart all by myself to buy something and wow i realized that i am such a dedicated person !!!
I hit every green light from Grand Teton by Shadow Ridge all the way down Durango to the Walmart. How? Lol
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards yep works now after 2.5 hours
 Opus2360  theblaze I shop at Walmart I love Walmart ❤️️🇺🇸
I just entered   WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Omg Walmart bread is so damn good and they just took it out the oven god damn
Went to Walmart to get an FM transmitter, since our car doesn't have an  aux jack and is an 04 Forester and they said to get a cheaper one-
"Walmart said you want a fenty, we got plenty" 😭 
 EducatedStonerz  theblaze why do they work for Walmart at that low wage
🙄🙄 let me get to Walmart before the night ends
I saw this girl in Walmart & she looked nothing like her pictures. My goodness.
I was shopping  Walmart in  Stafford
Never ever ever ever EVER having kids. Legit had to fix a shelve at Walmart cause 2 kids broke the damn thing. 😩
This nigga in Walmart just zoned tf out of me just now 😂
 marvc88  itwitt2  FiliaultFrance  RoseAnnDeMoro  chunianello  Gap walmart and wall st thank you for your support
Why are Walmart workers so bitter?
An old couple passed me in WalMart and said buy bleach. Minutes later the Klan coughed over wifi.  ViewedLikeAMonkey  Joyce
me, in a perpetual state of wondering how the fuq Donald trump is the president, goes to walmart in hometown: ohhh
I just went into Walmart with a 3X sweatshirt, leggings that have a hole in the knee, and slides on...
Look at what I found  Walmart  GalGadot  PattyJenks  amazonheroicon  WonderWomanFilm  DCComics  Mattel Excited to g… 
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (SHE WAS PISSED)
My version of walmart for something... If you want to use it  XYamahzTheCrapX you can 
need to go to Walmart tonight or tomorrow 🤦🏾‍♀️
I just brought a bra at walmart to stay at home in / sleep with... omg. It is soooo damn comfortable. I'm going bavk and buying 2 more 😁
Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage - Breitbart 
So..our 1st trip away from home while potty training was a success! Aldi and Walmart. So far… 
Headed to Walmart to buy poster board for submitting my  cliqueart to class Monday!
 Walmart sort of. I have an auto center appt for tmrw, but it's my 3rd trip just to get a walmart-purchased battery installed. Frustrating
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards nothing yet, very aggravating
this is like saying walmart is better than target 
 FedExHelp Walmart already refunded me. But this is the second time a driver has done this. The first time they hid it
Thought I was better and went to Walmart.  Nope still sick. Almost didn't make it out alive... 
This dude in Walmart got mad at hit girl a minute ago. Nigga you signed up for hour long trips here when you got together and moved in.
Sales rep in Walmart was all the way by the milk asking me who my cable provider is. Thought their jurisdiction was limited to electronics?
is this a joke? this is the walmart version of Diary of a Wimpy Kid. 
When you're walking into Walmart and your momma already told you you ain't getting a toy 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Cedar City 
i hate walmart with a passion.
 nohtaehyun Walmart Taeyong The Walmart Version Of Himself
ok walmart kyujin hecker xD
Found the wetnwild photo focus foundation at Walmart today. Finally decided to try it  GlamLifeGuru  jambeauty89 I hope it's as great!
Me: We need to grab some spray paint and chlorine tablets, let's go to Home Depot. 
O: Walmart might have it for... 
This old lady is cussing about Walmart  if this isn't me when I'm older 😂
 unityselena walmart lol
Because what you want to gouge your knuckle on is a rusty Walmart cart. 😐  Saturday
DIY  StarWars Fabric Covered Garden Pots &  50  Walmart GC  giveaway  ad  EcoScraps  BadFoodGoneGood  organic
While In Line At Walmart, Stranger Says Her Son Is Repulsive. Her Response Is Perfect 
Walmart 💛SKU: 53393439💛  21

Thanks to Adriana on Facebook for the find!

Check stock levels… 
 AllperAE I could! If I wasn't leaving to Walmart.😭
Yeah I shop at Walmart, I've spent lots of money on clothes that eventually get thrown out so why spend alot lol
Walmart store forced to raise minimum wage to  15; this happens IMMEDIATELY 
 nytimes how is breast cancer offensive?  youtube  walmart  pepsi  starbucks can you tell me whats offensive about breast cancer?
Sooo going to Walmart and coming back to cook dinner and tend to my sick baby💗💗💗💗💗
DrinkWell Uncorked: Wine ratings - WGNO 
[141] Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More 
 deplorable1976  andibeth012 Who does it hurt when people bing their dogs with them to walmart?
CoverGirl Clean Foundation & Powder  1.87 at Walmart! via Oklahoma's Coupon ... 
My man touched a gift bag with glitter on it at Walmart and let me know with a quickness. 😂
 Walmart  greendotcards  I am new to this twitter so forgive me if reply wrong but I got my money.. How about you guys?
Walmart sells some cute ass fashion items, before it use to look middle aged & basic but now it looks great, also comfy af
Just posted a video   Walmart Cromwell 
That moment when you're walking through Walmart and you realize that you meant to go to Target.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kemah, TX 
Trust in digital continues to erode..   PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content

 Chef_Chuckee  Walmart  greendotcards I got it... You?
The Skillets are in Walmart stores in CT, FL, LA, MA, NC, NY, OH, PA, and SC. Search our Where To Buy  VeggiesRule
*walking in Walmart in Kearney* 
"Abby lets walk around holding hands pretending like we're lesbians"
 boyinsideavoice 's aesthetic is Walmart,  suede, and caviar
 nalugal  Walmart  greendotcards my money is there.. how about you?
 Willcboha64  Walmart  greendotcards I just checked and money is there.. How about you?
 _TasiJanee I don't blame you lol if you have the patience Walmart is always hiring
The YouTube ad revolt continues with Pepsi, Starbucks, Walmart, GM, and others joining the exodus /
I need to get out of this Walmart line so I can go home and get down on some mac and cheese
Tracking Link for Email Submit: Walmart  500 Gift Card 
 Liberal FAIL! This is what happens also robot burger flippers, you have clerks making as much as a nurse

🤓🤔 
 ghaaast lord wALMart
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 20 Points! WOO HOO!!
Wait I thought this was suppose to come March 28 in North America???  KINGDOMHEARTS I see it here at Walmart 
 TheHonestOtter  Walmart  greendotcards Well I am not thinking scammed yet but if not resolved soon they will see my bad side lol!
 chwehansolo u tell me walmart taeyong hecker
Gunna take a nap in a Walmart parking lot after work. Lols   my shitty life
 AndersonFB94 only at walmart i swear smh
I'm at Woodforest Bank-walmart in Kemah, TX 
Ily how ya dewin — im bored at walmart waiting for my car to get its o... 
And while in Walmart. 
So we selling past date okay. 
Meant to head to Target and discovered a brand new Walmart. I love Target but this place is all shiny and new and super cheap.
 Starbucks and  Walmart join growing list of advertisers  boycotting  YouTube 
 HollisJody there's been lots of classy people in Walmart lately 👀
Watch:  Texas cowboys ride horses through  Walmart, security left dumbfounded - 
Cause  Walmart and  pepsi  have fucking morals? Please spare us. Your far worse than some racist assholes on  YouTube  slavery  obese  toxic
Mini wheats are a perfectly good substitute for potato chips. Don't judge my Walmart cashier.

Thanks.
Crazy Customers and Fights at Walmart (2017) via  YouTube
 FOX29philly who was the reporter at grant ave Walmart this afternoon.
 DanielB35896972  Walmart  greendotcards That is some bull there... I really needed to do something with that.. It is just wrong.
Um - I hope you're in a Walmart store. 
 MAGA! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all  YouTube ads over offensive content 
 joethomas73 I think I just saw you at Chardon Walmart
Janesville Police request public's help, information in Walmart thefts 
 GunGomz DO YOU SECRETLY WORK AT WALMART bECAUSE THIS KINDA LOOKS LIKE YOU/MEGAMIND 
 Free  Birthday  Cupcake  for  Everyone At  Walmart on  March 12  Free  
first time ive been to my local walmart since nashville and austin and everything is in a different place im so Lost
Dry Cucumber Soda, 12 Fl Oz, 4 Ct [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
Theft at Walmart Market on Taylor Ave. Adult female shoplifter is in custody.
 bunysliper You are braver than I am. I won't even go to Walmart past 10am on a weekday!
 ToysRUs They said they would restock TODAY. I would rather buy it from Walmart for  600. (great store btw)
Chanel vs Walmart  amici16 
Odd Dude Caught on Video, Standing-Up Sleeping In Walmart  
myAppliances->Rachael Ray's designs expand beyond the kitchen - USA TODAY… 
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
 _Brandon_2 in my defense Walmart was too far away 😭😭
I want to go to Walmart today.....I'll scoop lol
 matthewlynch91 something to try! This New Reese’s Crème Egg Gives Cadbury a Run for Its Money via  PeopleFood
A**holes should be charged with reckless endangerment.  Trump  Walmart 
 HeyyAyeJay not yet, but I really only been to Walmart lately..
If I'm not out in an hour send for reinforcements (at  Walmart Supercenter in Monticello, MN)… 
 ThePrincessRAMZ WTF... are you sure you're not at a Walmart ??
I was at Walmart and the lady in line with me complimented my eyes and asked if the color was a result of any kind… 
Stuck at Walmart for 2 hours while I'm getting my oil changed! Yay! 😒
 Walmart Done. Thank you. And thank you for the quick response
Walmart is now handing out awards at the Wild games?  _kateymatey_ 
Sorry kids! Was going to say HEY look what's being sold but  Walmart seems to advertise yet doesn't stock it! Oh we… 
For the next  MAGAMarch, you guys should have them in front of Walmart. There's already people there, so it will look like people showed up.
I guess too many was stealing out of Walmart 😭
 CRANKYCREWPROJECT  NOTCLICKBoeingIT I'm sitting in a Walmart parking lot rn taking pictures like a dumbass 
Example: 
 Korsoto I SAW THIS IN WALMART AND THOUGHT OF YOU 
Humble pie need to be on sale at a Walmart somewhere 😅
If you think Buffalo isn't diverse, go to Walmart. You see junkies, rednecks, old people, junkie rednecks, and sometimes even a minority
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Taylor, PA 
suppose to be napping but my mama got me in walmart and im buying all this baby stuff.. jesuss helpp
last night Alice and I sprinted across the Walmart parking lot to chase a raccoon and that's been the highlight of my spring break
 _M0rtifer_ Walmart
 DanielB35896972  Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards me too wth
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards apparently they are updating their system and never told anyone.  rude
A Powerful Call for Focused Ad Placement has Starbucks and Walmart boycotting YouTube 
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards I'm having the same problem.  except all my money is in my vault and i cant transfer it out.
Putting  jaimefardel819 and I in the same car together means getting lost in the Butler Walmart parking lot 🙃 happy Saturday 🤗
I like that when school isn't in session, the biggest gathering of people in Buffalo is at Walmart 99% of the year.
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class as we know it
Bringing Vicki (  Walmart Supercenter in Chandler, AZ) 
Found a free coffee at Walmart.... Score! 😂😂😂 
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded  Conservative 
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks join  US  Google boycott after ads appear next to ‘appalling’ videos 
 ShyanneGriffin3  YouKnowWade wade!! Didn't we meet Walmart terry?
In Walmart and this kid comes up to me and trust falls and I definitely didn't catch him bc wtf
Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage - Breitbart via  BreitbartNews
Craft beers sold in Walmart  NowThatCantBeReal
why do i always cry and have anxiety attacks at walmart
This truck was just stolen from Shawnee Walmart about 1 hour ago. If anyone see it please message me. Had a red 4 w… 
If you want to use honey as a moisturizer, USE NATURAL HONEY NOT THAT CACA YOU GET AT WALMART IN BEAR BOTTLES
y'all pray for kt ain't nothing wrong she just wore her pettipants into walmart
 Walmart It's 2017- and you list inventory online, for sale, that you don't have in stock.  It's unacceptable. 
Chanel VS Walmart  amici16 
I'm at  Walmart_br in Limeira, SP 
Alice the beautiful polka dot mouse from Walmart,
Walmart is the devil!!
When  Target is highkey turning into Walmart. Only 4 stands open. 200 ppl in line. 
 zay_bruuuh Go to Walmart online it's where I bought a gaming chair
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 124 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/25/2017 4:22:45 PM
smh i wish there was an article out there that could tell me how to dress like kanye but on a walmart budget
 kruzer Yeah I saw it at Walmart for like a week lol
 saks  Walmart Thank goodness for Corey, the one dude who was actually helpful!!
I guess my search for an NES Classic is futile. I was to Walmart, Best Buy, EB Games and The Source. Nome of them had them or had in months
 torynewman04 😂😂😂 we forgot more movies last night on our 11 o'clock Walmart trip 😂😭😂
This shiit been happening forever. Look at the missing person wall at Walmart. This is nothing new. They're just... 
Finally!! Drove to another  Walmart and got one with no trouble.. Local store ( 1652) lied and said they couldn't s… 
|| damn right ❝ This isn’t Walmart. ❞ 
Cat food (at  Walmart Supercenter in Tampa, FL) 
My parents just facetimed me in the middle of Walmart to ask me what chips I wanted. 
 OhHayItsKayy the top is from Walmart and the bottoms are from VS!
 Fig55V please follow and direct message us so we can assist you further. -Inge
Walmart physically pains me
Janesville police seek man, woman in two Walmart theft cases - - WISC-TV3 --=
 jennypeplinskie for those of you (none of you) wondering if i'm ok i'm fine i just went to walmart on a saturday afternoon
 harleygregory13 i literally went to walmart and bought sweatpants so i wouldn't freeze to death lol
Gotta make the best at Walmart 
 wingsofhumility 's aesthetic is Walmart,  The Chainsmokers, and grape soda
Tonight is the night!   Walmart Phila 
All 40 checkouts at Walmart being open.  NowThatCantBeReal
Why does literally every employee at walmart catch an attitude when you ask them a question?
walmart salads always sound gas 😫
 suheeeyv take a hot shower & when ur done grab the oil and massage reallllly good until all the oil is like gone. walmart has it for  11
Walmart never goes as planned.
So this is how we purchase cold cuts.......There has to be a better way  walmart
I embarrass my mom every time we go to Walmart.. she has currently disowned me
 rachdd_ hmmm WALMART
The guy in the woodforest bank in Walmart 😍😍😍😍gahhhh damn
 venture Walmart seeks last-mile ventures with new startup incubator ad:  incubator
those are 14.99 at Walmart. i may or may not have purchased one a few months ago.
 Retailer Walmart invests as American middle class shrinks.  
 venture Store No. 8 is Walmart's new tech incubator in Silicon Valley ad:… 
"so I walked into a  Walmart bathroom and...."  cool  wtf  pics 
 RealMuckmaker walmart money card/ green dot has denied access user funds for over 48hrs, no explanation , tens of thousands no food
There's more lanes open at premier than there are at Walmart
Cops: Walmart rampage suspect agitated after failed battery return.. Related Articles: 
just spent  300 at walmart😊😊
Don't have to see Walmart until Monday morning
More Big Advertisers Suspend Google Ads Over Offensive Videos - 
I look like a bum at Walmart  stephannniaa wya
I'm at Walmart for the 4th time today
i just spent  40 of my own money at walmart and all i got was junk food that i don't need 
I hate going to Walmart
Yeah I dunno   Walmart Las Vegas - E Serene Ave 
PRANKING IN WALMART!: via  YouTube
This shit had me fucking Deadson Yamagucci today, there's always Pros and Cons in going to Walmart 😂 
Me and a friend were fucking around at Walmart, mischief ensued 
 farrahrized you looked like a kid who lost their mom at Walmart . 
Walmart Productivity team 👊 
have you ever been this extra in a walmart parking lot because i have 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kernersville, NC 
 DidYouKnow pink eye eye issues/foreign bodies, anything not life threatening go to optometrist (like Walmart eye c… 
Walmart Is A Magical Place! LMAO!~
...17 FABULOUS Sexy Beasts! 😎

at walmart and of all people i see my ex boyfriends parents lmao bet
[Walmart] ROYALE Velour Bathroom Tissue (16 Double Rolls)  5.98 
I'm about to walk into a Walmart on a Saturday. All prayers are appreciated at this time.
Still...never a Leslie (at  Walmart Supercenter in Oklahoma City, OK) 
we were so dedicated to dis bitch, harassing people who didnt even hurt her, and she treated us like shit for her walmart quality solo stuff
I want to  win a  15 Walmart Gift Card OR PayPal Cash!   missmollysays2 
 ultchanyeolpark I'm sorry but I preferr Gucci over Walmart
Good. Way to go Walmart 
Walmart just upped ther game I see
Why did Walmart take out the fish tanks??
 OmegaKnights745  domisking323 lol my wife works as a higher up with Walmart
 haileyo546  urbandoll I've never had one of those cuz I never go to Walmart where they are.. plus I'm broke so I couldn't get it anyway
 TomMarkoski  noble1_lori Exactly why Walmart destroyed the hardware/grocery/dry goods jobber system by eliminating the middle man. AMC 🚫
 kylieriann_ go to Walmart you can find like a 30  one.
Walmart w the free two day shipping now...seems Amazon Primish to me
 bobbydetlene accurate. I really hate WalMart too cuz they only ever have like one person at the registers bit there are like nine lanes.
i'm the walmart version of tana lol
 JuneGrayy Canadian store lol lots of random things in it kinda like a walmart
 LostOnTheFringe The only place I've seen the mystery ones are Walmart, it took me a few tries to find  1!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lubbock, TX 
Saturday's are so busy at Walmart I want to die
I'm sitting in my car in the Walmart parking lot and this women in a huge ass truck next to me swings her door open and hits my car.
Me and Kamiah could be going to Walmart and I'll make a snap saying where the plays 😂😂😂
 Walmart store  01801 might single handedly be the worst store that you operate. Every single time I go it's something else.
someone go to Walmart w me
Avery All-Purpose 1x3" Label 128-Pack for  1 + pickup at Walmart - 
Walmart labs open sources their GraphQL library for Clojure: 
 FoxNews when is ice coming to bradenton,scarysota, Odessa,plant city? Duh ...get the damn buses rolling...go to plant city Walmart...LOL
 realsheepwolf wow they sell at walmart?
I'm  in Walmart and someone poooped in the makeup aisle grosss
So I paid with my debt card at the Walmart self checkout and it gave me change back 😂😂😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Diberville, MS 
This library looks amazing. We need more  libraries from disused spaces.  librariesmatter  weburbanist 
Stg Walmart has the slowest service.
RRGGH WHY DID WALMART CHANGE THEIR LAYOUT
 Starbucks and  Walmart join growing list of advertisers boycotting  YouTube 
As I finish paying, I see the old man leaving the McDonalds, pushing his shopping car with his cane into Walmart to do his shopping.
 DiggsandCo  LG_Blount J's r J's as long as they aren't   Walmart, TJ or Burlington CF they gone rock them, that market is weak right now
WOO LETS GO WALMART BRAND
I monitored Walmart's Samus amiibo at their house
Lee Camp--Redacted Tonight: Mainstream Media Sucks, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More via  YouTube
He sits down and eats. I leave the McDonalds and go into Walmart to see what new graphic T-shirts are in.
Uhhh, Walmart appears to be breaking street date here. 
Was walking out of Walmart with  Elo_Schumacher and some guy barked at us. 🙄
From Multiple Pedestrians Struck - Lynn, MA: IFO walmart 2 peds struck 1 with a possible head injury…  BreakingNews
Here's how companies like Walmart are fighting to keep workplace injuries secret 
Lmao sitting in  walmart vision center & listening to a "commercial"......"Nikon Eyes is working on a new design fo… 
 FoxNews I thought those were Walmart checkout lanes
 MerySkyDylan nothing to reply tbh idek cameron dallas. you can't compare chanel and walmart
I love Walmart 😋
About to take a Walmart trip 🤗
i'm having a pretty garbage day and my dad comes up to me and goes, "what DVD can i buy you at walmart to make you feel better?" 😭❤
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike – 🤑🤑🤑🤑  tcot  ccot  
I'm just trying to be as happy as my nephew when his dinosaur egg from Walmart hatched 😂🙊😂🙊 
 KimSmit88560918 ran in to a student at Walmart today! He acted as if he ran in to a celebrity! Little eyes are always watching.  rolemodel
Janesville PD looking for two people who stole items from Walmart 3/22. Two suspects, two separate incidents.  WKOW… 
 hvaca39 lmao!!! Dude! Walmart 
Went to Cosco, Walmart, filled up my car, laundry started and dinner in the crock pot. All before 1🤘🏼😏
At Walmart lol♡♡♤♤♤
Well, SUPPOSEDLY I met myself as Seil one night at Walmart but she was fat and old and I said nuh uh. I did think I saw a few lookalikes in
 Walmart Always!
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded -  Horses  Horse
Finna go drop a bag in Walmart nigga ! 😂
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Burtle – Purple/Teal Egg is in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals March 25, 2017 4:05 pm 
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded: Three men described by media sources…… 
 Notorious_MAX And you can get it at walmart in a bag huge bag 
 Kathbum 35 whole jobs... Great day, indeed. Should just build another Walmart instead.
Everybody in Walmart just went off lol
Suisun City Walmart is giving out free cupcakes today. 😱😱😱
Bye for now, will have to steal a charger in walmart I guess 
Pretty sure everyone at Walmart has no idea who is in my shirt. I'm getting weird looks. 
Amazon, Wal-Mart and Alibaba Jostle for Title of Most Valuable Retail Brand 
 kaylacoxx Yukon Walmart
DrinkWell Press Clips: The Top Funded Beverage Startups by State - 
 leaahhmeaghann3 Walmart has them all colors
- WISC-TV3 Janesville police seek man, woman in two Walmart theft cases…  Janesville
Man Walmart hire people over the phone
Woke moment in the laundry detergent aisle of Walmart while listening to Daring Greatly: w… 
 Cardinals  Goods 2010 ST. LOUIS  CardINALS TEAM BoeingNNER. NEW IN BoeingG WALMART SGA WITH MOLINA, LARUSS… 
 MaoLor2  jkkaale  BrennanKurth Karl bought it from Walmart 😅 still pretty good
 Collectibles  Buzz 2010 ST. LOUIS  Cardinals TEAM BoeingNNER. NEW IN BoeingG WALMART SGA WITH MOLINA,…… 
I'm at Walmart in Hamilton, New Jersey 
Money making Command Hook at Walmart~~~>
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded via  theblaze 
56% said Scan and Go from  Walmart is "much easier" to use than conventional checkout. 
Walking out of Walmart with 5 30 packs of busch light being asked if you want to buy Girl Scout cookies by 7 year olds is awkward
 MrBeastYT I dare you to dare Chris to run into Walmart and buy a laptop, after he buys it, smash it and yell Mr.Beast in front of a crowd.
I entered the McDonalds in the entryway of the Walmart at San Dimas. I sat down at a corner with a direct view of the cash register counter.
BUTTERFINGER Candy Bar 1.9 oz. Pack [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bloomington, IN 
Watch: Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded: 
lol I drive farther than that for Walmart 
 Chef_Chuckee  Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards sounds like fraud to me.
 Bruning_15  Walmart_Waylon grub would be bad rn ;(
Texas cowboys ride horses through Walmart, security left dumbfounded 
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards walmart scammed you.  Lol.
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks join Google boycott after ads appear next to ‘appalling’ videos PepsiCo, Walmart,... 
FOUND: A Snowshoe on Mar 25, 2017 at Walmart. Please contact us for more information.
If you can go through the seneca Walmart parking lot without seeing one confederate flag I'll give you 100 bucks
I liked a  YouTube video from  domtracyy TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART! *SO FUNNY*
 Ky1eLong  YETICoolers ripoff....walmart brand is like  60 and its just as good
He's pretty damn fast! 
myAppliances->How to plan a perfect kitchen layout - 
 zeynep Walmart, Amazon, McDonalds will all hire robots once they are dependable. It's not just about hourly wages; it's about much more.
 3lectric5heep  20Steele20  TruthFeedNews Way to go Walmart!!!
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards Call you're attorney general and BBB
I'll soon be working at Walmart  MichaelfromWalmart
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 4/30/2017 
 TheMeemStreams tunnels walmart..fema..
Walmart discounts can't be beat tbh 
 Walmart well done. 
Boy we have sonic and Walmart!! What more could you ask for??? 
Fam if you under 6'1 and work for the city leave the IG model alone, you can't afford her, go for the Walmart cashier, you'll be lit
Walmart bathrooms are beyond disgusting
 grays_ee  guardian never shopped at  Starbucks  won't be shopping  walmart  FreeSpeach  StopCensorship
Outfit brought to you by Walmart 
they're basically the reason i'm still sane rn   robotics   Walmart Altavista 
So I'm so tempted to grab this 55" tv from Walmart for  429
 BYGxME today it's paper. Later it'll be miscellaneous Walmart crap. Tomorrow, who knows?
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards will do
 wsnouffer_ now you can really go the Walmart University 
Target > Walmart
THERES A GIRL AT WALMART WITH A TWENTY ONE PILOTS SHIRT
 MrBeastYT I dare you to play porn noises on an intercom at walmart
Just posted a photo   Walmart Fresno - N Ingram Ave 
 nalugal  Walmart  greendotcards Well if you hear anything please let me know.  Thanks.
 Walmart  BBB_RVA can you help us since Wal-Mart wont?
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards any response yet?
ATTI:  ML09Purple 294 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 3/25/2017 3:53:28 PM
[141] Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More via  YouTube  ResistTrump  stoptrump
 NewssTrump Good for Walmart!
If you go to the Walmart at university town center, donate to the kids raising    for their music dept! We need music more than ever 🎶🎶
Walmart is swamped right now and I just need everyone to go home! Before I flip the fuck out 🔫😑😑
I'm at Walmart in Fresno, Calif 
Then the same damn car is holding up the line in the Walmart parking lot! I was walking in & they're still looking for a spot.
At Walmart and this kid has the longest Mullet I have ever seen I mean Joe Dirt comes in a distant 2nd
I made the responsible decision 2 not go into Walmart rn n now my mas been in there buying cat food)wallet for legit 30 mins I luv this gal
I want to  win a  15 Walmart Gift Card OR PayPal Cash!  missmollysays2 
Pissed Off Citizen Sees What Muslim Welfare Queens Do After Leaving Walmart And Starts Recording In Shock via  Freed
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards I have the same issues, please let me know as well, this will never happen to me again
free download ppt slides for walmart PPT Slides -   powerpoint  templates  free  download  ppt  slides  for  walmart
 bartmckinley WalMart is the devil.They run out small biz with help of govt subsidies.Take advantage of Chinese in deplorable conditions.
TENNESSEE WILLIAMS, PEVELY DAIRY, CHELSEA CLINTON: BOYCOTTING YouTube: Walmart…  stlnews
 Walmart what's up with the money card system?
Man hands over 'give me all the money' note to cashier, robs Northeast Memphis Walmart 
Wal-Mart to launch investment arm in e-commerce push 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 294 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 3/25/2017 3:50:53 PM
Transformational time    walmart. Great opportunity, impact, strategy, and people! 
 clarkewolfe look what you can buy cheap at Walmart :p 
the smell of Walmart is so nasty
Today I found out you only have to be 16 years old to buy an axe from walmart. Welcome to America.
GETTING THE WRONG ITEMS IN THE MAIL...THATS WHAT I GET FOR ORDERING FROM  WALMART
 mnwild  Walmart  StPaulFireDept poor guy, send him somewhere fun!
I pray my mom doesn't see anyone here at Walmart. Then we'll be here forever 🙄  Central_RYS17
 Walmart my replacement order you said be here Today and it's NOT! What is going on? Got my money and I get no merchandise that's robbery!
 SheriHerman10  TruthFeedNews Walmart is the largest corporation in world hostory. But they play by the same economics, hike wages, close up
 d1DuM1SSm3  sawmilltaters and our politicians  want to outlaw guns. My ink pen is lethal. Cost  1.99 at WalMart
 suhthernspice We want nothing but a great experience for you. Can you share the issue at 800-924-9206 (7 days, 8am-10pm CT)? -Inge
It's not fair 2get cheap goods from China where workers make  80/wk so clerks can make  15  Walmart- SenSanders =  Hypocrite  3lectric5heep
Depended upon by the poor, low cost food/clothing Walmart closing in L.A. due to liberal elitists . .. 
WATCH: Citizen Sees What Muslim Welfare Queens Do at Walmart, Records Video for All to Watch –   SenFranken voters.
 porn no legs girls of walmart nude 
 mnwild  Walmart  StPaulFireDept Yeah, nice job disappointing him.
I LOATHE the self-check out at WalMart but I always choose self-check out 🤔
Man Shopping For Headphones In Walmart And Was Followed Around By Security! 
I liked a  YouTube video from  lessjunkk Towing our Airstream From a Georgia Walmart to Tennessee
 mikeforbes21  Walmart shop somewhere.  logic
PepsiCo, Walmart Among Latest Brands to Pull Ads from  YouTube  
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
102.5 KDON at Walmart in Marina, Ca 
Today’s  Walmart Community Playmaker is Bob Kipples, a 25-year veteran with the  StPaulFireDept. Thank you for ever… 
 toninifranco1: Pray for Pope Francis. He is working at the Vatican like he would at WalMart...He can't do it alone, only with God's help.✝️
I've just posted a new blog: Walmart Gift Card Hack  1000 
I've just posted a new blog: How To Get Gift Card Codes I Amazon, iTunes, Walmart Codes and More! 
Walmart run
 MAGAMARCH so that's why the Walmart parking lots are empty right now
Finally found a walmart with the originalfunko bin setup and scored some great  disney… 
 swollycig lol no one is like that anymore we would order from the deli and just walk around Walmart and never pay
Walmart gives me anxiety.
 Walmart ORDER MEN'S BOXERS AND WAS SENT BOY'S BOXER BRIEFS???!!!!   ARE YOU KIDDING ME??
The things you see in a Walmart parking lot. 
Just bought this movie at walmart — watching Boo! A Madea Halloween
 Walmart  1 person for returns. Separate line for money grams. What happened to 1st come 1st served. Terrible setup 
I had to go to Walmart today and it gave me anxiety 😩
 Walmart YOUR APP SUCKS.  WRONG PRODUCT SENT.
Also there are still a few items on the Golden Girls registry! if you would like to help, here's the link 
Walmart acquires niche online retailers ModCloth, Moosejaw & ShoeBuy under the radar

 MrBeastYT I dare you to scream mrbeast in Walmart
 Walmart HOW DO YOU MESS THIS UP???  I trust your app and your fulfullment workers and this is what i get in the ma… 
Was going to buy dog food and other things  Walmart . Went to tractor supply when I found out Walmart won't advertise on google  FreeSpeech
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
Sold a bad car battery by  Walmart - confirmed by Nissan and in writing from the dealer but Walmart says they need to do their own test 😡
 _2dalvyy lol I stay in that Walmart
 debrinayuzon In the meantime, can we ask you to send feedback at so we can improve in the future? -Inge
 Walmart called that number -they say call chip company - who tell her to call you. It's running circles, and reps are being rude too.
My mom and I just sat in front of Walmart in the car eating fries and listening to go the distance 😂
 Willcboha64  Walmart  greendotcards Well if you hear anything please let me know because I have anger issues so I need to step back lol!
 JoryGallegos ahhh dude we were there every single day then go steal something from Walmart 😂
 FoxNews  VP Walmart non living wages for all. Let the taxpayers pay the corporate welfare difference.
Walmart truly is a family experience here. You bring your kids, parents, aunties and uncles... jfc
Avery White All-Purpose Labels 128-Pack Only 98¢ 
I live at walmart 😂 I just left here a couple hours ago and back again grocery shopping
I woke up n remembered who did me dirty I feel like I'm at Walmart trying to get a refund on love bc I don't like it anymore
 saaav_3 can y'all take me to Walmart to get the truck ?
Pepsi, Walmart, Starbucks, AT&T, Verizon, VW (and hundreds more) suspend YouTube/Google ads 
Come help  AOII_YSU support sisters for soldiers at the Boardman Walmart until 5! 
 positivebiscuit I know I shouldn't have taken these guys to Walmart, I'm never going to get out now!😂 
Walmart boycott advertising on Youtube due to "appalling" content  digitalmedia  
Avery All-Purpose 1" x 2.75" 128-ct. Labels  .98   Amazon or Walmart 
 RevWar Action & Intrigue   Walmart:
The Patriot Spy! 
Book one in the Yankee Doodle Spies series...… 
People only go to price cutter for stuff they forgot at Walmart or the commissary
My sister move so slow I can't be in Walmart all day cuz I gotta bring my momma to work
 MagicalEmi Sorry to hear that! Did you get the help you needed yet? -Inge
 Walmart I notice that the 12.11 was dulynoted on your accounts, so you guys are looking out for yourselves.No error monetarily for you guys
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist 10 Strange Walmart Items!
 _2dalvyy I be seeing you at Walmart
 Walmart so I'm still waiting on order that was last week! We have now got a Big Big Problem Wallmart!… 
 EscudoDenali I've done that a few times and I had to uber to a walmart or something to get a new set (not under armor, I'm not crazy)
Going in a store like Walmart with a female or just shopping in general is so damn long and they say "it'll be quick." But Issa lie.
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Come help AOII support sisters for soldiers at the Boardman Walmart until 5! 
I'd like to thank  Walmart for being terrible at everything. If it wasn't for the south, they would be out of business
Pre-order Now at all  online stores    Target  Walmart  FYE and  Bestbuy - Available in retail stores April 28th |… 
BLAM 👌🏼
CHANNEL VS WALMART 
 PepsiCo,  Walmart,  Starbucks suspend all  YouTube ads over offensive content  CSR  hatespeech  onlinedefamation 
My  Walmart beauty box came today! My first one!  beauty  firsttimer 
Amazon is moving toward becoming a high-tech WalMart --- WalMart moving toward Amazon. 
I read this as more growth in middle class. Or does  Walmart know its customers? 
99 cent Walmart flip flops here I come 😂😂😂😂
someone go with me to Walmart:(
 shanedawson they didn't have them at my walmart but I FOUND THEM AT TARGET!!! my life is okay now 
S/o to the random woman at Walmart who gave  _Jennalombardo & I cash for our change bc Walmart wouldn't accept it
 irlgarfield even tho walmart owns asda............. but wilkinson's sells basically everything tbh
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards Yeah the customer service  now says they are updating systems for a couple of hours and hangs up on you
Never ever ever ever go to Walmart with a female unless your really patient!
 Walmart ok 😡 very upset you guys still mess up my order I been waiting for my replacement to come and still not here! Call me tweet me
lrt  irlalphys thats the vine i was talking abt while we were in walmart
Goin to Walmart 🙄
 Walmart  I raaaaaan I was scared for my life
people always call asda the uk equivalent of walmart but imo wilkinson's is more of an equivalent
I was just at Walmart and the guy next to me said to his kid "don't worry, David. We'll get some at Uncle Dad's house later." Uhhh
 TylerLbrtyorDth  WhatTheFFacts much worse - you don't have to mortgage your future to buy something at Walmart or target
Admittedly I've never bevn very good at math, but I'm prezty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in  om jeans stuffed in Ugg bootsc= Hell
 Walmart how much money have you made by denying access to thousands of peoples moneyWill you compensate me for your mistake? Please help me
 baylie_deviney i knowwwwww beyond ready for it! Walmart has it to where you can order it too!
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards I know so pissed! Now no one will answer! Grrrr
Stopping for lunch before I bite the bullet and head into the Hell that is WalMart. 
Happy Saturday everyone!!
Roynell assit mgr  Walmart  Great people who do a great job in Baton Rouge. Thank you for your kind service.  WalmartAction
damn ma you got them jeans at walmart??hmu
 thunderfrick ELF zit zapper. I think it's just witch hazel but it works for me and is like  3 at Walmart 
35 dollars for them 5 dollar Walmart slides and 2 dollar cotton balls 😂😂😂😂🤦🏾‍♀️
My mom is making me go to Walmart later sigh 
Janesville police seek man, woman in two Walmart theft cases 
Walmart check outs Suck!!
 jackieevancho  Walmart  It's my big dream dear Jackie..! I've ordered it & I really hope to get just autographed...! Can'twait.. so much..
 joesupacool bless up  Walmart
Siberian Mountain Cat, Walmart Wars & Free stuff in the mail from ” Nasty ” Vlog…… 
 dv418 Chanel: Windsor Spitfires
Walmart: Rest of the OHL
Nothing say tweaker like speed walking in a crop top with a muffin top  BeaumontCa  Walmart
Have you ever noticed that a lot of crows hang-out at Walmart?
Shopping at my favorite store with my favorite types of people (at  Walmart Supercenter in West Mifflin, PA) 
Walmart invests as American middle class shrinks - Business Insider  SmartNews 
 Walmart what's wrong with the money cards 😡😡😡
Or I can just buy one right now…

This Walmart also has a bunch of grey Switches in stock. 
something you always do when you go in Walmart 😂 
 Plasma9Snake  JaeRoar Gucci vs Walmart
Just tried  Target self-checkout 😡. For God's sake, go use Walmart and BJ's self-checkouts, copy them and get it right!
If your sister doesn't flip off your ex in the Walmart parking lot, is she really your sister?
I'm at Walmart in Oreamuno, Cartago 
ANGRY Citizen Sees What Muslim Welfare Queens Do After Leaving Walmart And Stars Recording In Shock - DISTURBING! 
Who the fuck let Taylar and me get Dale jr shirts at Walmart 😂😂😂😂 
Looks like my last option around here is to work at Walmart
When it's summer break and the squad finds each other at Walmart 
 Walmart I have  165.55 in my vault account that you will not let me access.  12.11 in my available  account. I need to feed my children
I just published “Pepsi, Walmart, Starbucks, AT&T, Verizon, VW (and hundreds more) suspend YouTube/Google ads” 
 drainer14 Oh no! Did you speak to one of our associates for help? -Inge
 CBCNews BS!Walmart etc have beenTOLD 2cut adds People r being influenced/forced 2 rethink every word used 2 avoid scrutiny MIND CONTROL🤖
Just seen the cutest girl with some purple hair up at Walmart
in walmart pervin
Love  Target and am a stockholder. Hate that Walmart killing us with better mobile app and self-checkout experience...
MED researchers create network with Walmart Foundation grant to ease transition to civilian life for… via  3BLMedia
Shout out to Walmart for selling  3 candles that actually smell good.
I saw em at walmart 
Thanks for having me Walmart Ramsey st, it was nice  djlife 
My mom is making me brush my hair bc "it's all messed up" I'm going to fucking Walmart you think I care what I look like 🙄
Super annoying that the only place for men's dress clothes in Marquette is an overpriced Kohls or half-assed Walmart selection.
why they changed walmart so much?😂
 kvistvsha twerking the night shift at Walmart bruh
 mikeforbes21 We do request ID for everyone in your group. We appreciate your understanding. -Inge
Take a look at Walmart, World's fastest growing 12 step group.  nascar  chi  hou  mi  pa  or  phi  florida
I wanna live in the country so bad. but like the country that's not too far from a Walmart though.
"The ModCloth brand has come a long way since founder Susan Gregg Koger started the company from her dorm room in... 
Cageball Bladders, 36" [ Save 99% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
wait is this why you said cucumber weird at Walmart hahaha??
also ps I legit loled thinking about Tim grabbing that… 
Walmart ordered this fun Easter basket photo frame. Perfect for their grand opening of their garden area.
 PepsiCo,  Walmart &  Starbucks have also decided to pull advertising from  YouTube amid controversy.  technews 
 saturdaymorningi forgot how busy walmart in Chilliwack is on the weekends all the rednecks come to town
2015 Walmart best selling Classical Design Terry Pure 100 Cotton Fabric Hand Towels 
Do the “veggie shuffle” on  saturdayshop. Try  tasty  Dominex Skillet Meals. Ready to eat in 12 minutes.  Walmart… 
The walmart on 35 never had enough fucking lanes open
 Walmart Tried calling your Great Value CS line and says closed when you still have 2+hrs. Where's the rest of this… 
Fix a flat (at  Walmart Supercenter in Canton, OH) 
DrinkWell Cocktail of the week: the rue bourbon – recipe - The Guardian… 
A little vertical integration anyone? Walmart subsidiary to buy ModCloth for less than  75m… 
 jackieevancho  Walmart That's Wonderful dear Jackie...every Yoiur new song makes me feel so happy..!Can't wait to get it..! :) ❤️
. tdgarden included in coast-to-coast marketing deal with  Walmart 
Fat kid deals is the bargain in at Walmart.  You can't help yourself so you dig through it and buy stuff you'll never use or need
 ayaahKaya  Walmart lol, thanks. I managed to make an appointment for tomorrow, and it's free :3
I checked in at Walmart on  Yelp 
People watching at wineries. It's very entertaining. It's like people watching at Walmart but with less butt crack showing.
Asked for a pound of turkey, lady at the walmart deli said .9 is close enough..  Oh she had me fucked up 😂
My hands always feel gross when I leave Walmart
 5hourenergy Bought a 6 ok from Walmart and there is any empty container in the box. Seal is still good...
If anyone is trying to donate dimes to the football team come to Walmart and you'll see Matt Coe and myself flexing
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads after being put in racist videos  YouTube  racist  cdnbiz  yql 

I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Erie, PA 
Whaaaat?!!! 
I was just thinking this, yesterday at Walmart. not worrying about bumping into someone I know 😅 
Grocery Price Comparison: ALDI, Walmart, & Sam's Club | Find out which stores have the best and chea 
*wears bright pink silk night gown to Walmart to buy face masks and fake eyelashes*
Greeters need to be like 'Hi, welcome to Walmart. I hope you're dressed well and ready to smile cause you're gonna see 12 people you know.'
 K_AliceC  I like your hair and such. I don't know how I can pull off being topless at walmart
 Liberal FAIL!  Walmart Closes  LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike - 
Here Are 26 Very Strange Things You’ll Find at a Chinese  Walmart  UnitedStates  China 
off to workkk.  walmart  walmartlife
Janesville police seek man, woman in two Walmart theft cases  News3 
My ass going to Walmart in house shoes
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Rochester, NY 
Let it never be forgotten that on this day I WENT TO WALMART FOR ART STUFF AND ONLY BOUGHT WHAT I CAME FOR.
 ladariaaa but it's ohdee , been stuck at Walmart for like 30 min. It didn't used to be like this, it's like everybody moved here lol
this lady working at Walmart is named batman... ..
 aprrilnicole remember when we were young we were at Walmart and we bought our gold fish on our own😂 the ones that lived for like ever
This is what I end up buying when I go to walmart 
Don't kid yourself, Walmart is looking to undercut the designers stores.  
What happened to the good ol days when you would see who could get kicked out of Walmart the fastest
 hucklebearer1 you think Comcast, Walmart, etc. are the fruit of free markets? You're delusional
 Walmart all I know is you're losing a customer because You guys jacked up ALL of your game prices. Unreasonable prices
Walmart crazy
I'm at  Walmart in Sachse, TX 
When u can get a gun at Walmart 
 Parasite 
Saw this guy at Walmart in NJ could've sworn it was you too shy to ask
Found some sexy ass black men in Walmart that make me feel short 😍
 lorenal0206 Yes, we do ID for everyone in your group. Pls speak to a store mgr if you have further concerns. -Inge
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Friendswood, TX 
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
"The content associated is completely against our values" dice WalMart. Debían ser videos de sindicatos.

Spent a bill at Walmart and I still feel like I ain't get shit 😭
Shopping (at  Walmart Supercenter in Amarillo, TX) 
 Walmart what is this?! I don't see on here where to send it
 GrnEyedMandy I went to a party at Walmart like that once- what happens in Walmart....
 clentch15 walmart
 jenny0101  Walmart  cherveny  SwarmApp I need eggs, salsa, chocolate chips. Got me?!?! 😄
Why does Walmart gotta hoe me on my paycheck. Like damn, I have plans???
Proof!  MinimumWage hike reduces  jobs.  A lot of jobs in this case.   Walmart can move to a more favorable… 
Spent too much at Walmart but only because their  5 movies were too good to pass up!!
If Ra'Jané ever go in a public place with a bonnet in I'm tear her ass up! Rise em rachet they gone be rachet...  Walmart
 danisnotonfire I'm in walmart I can't watch it ugh
||: I just got called "mommy" by a strange child in Walmart.

Whoa am leavin
TOUR DATES:

3/29/17-Walmart
4/5/17- Toys-R-us
4/10/-Target
4/15/17-H-E-B
4/20/17-Behind abandoned building. Blaze it up 🍁💨🍁💨
Every Walmart is like stepping foot into Florida. 
Ann & Harriot Johnson 20yr old Black/White skin cyborgs are in  Walmart Mont rt30/Douglas rd
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Boerne, TX w/  cherveny 
Chemong Walmart is gonna be selling beer soon🎉🎉🍻
i gotta go to walmart later too
 Willcboha64  Walmart  greendotcards On a long call ....LOL!
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike – TruthFeed 
 Cinaily That looks fun! Did you find great deals while at the store? -Inge
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 124 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/25/2017 3:21:50 PM
Someone bring me to Walmart
What happened to people getting picked on for wearing Champion I remember it being sold in Walmart
pedi, tanning bed, walmart, target, laundry, cleaning
Was supposed to go to Kroger but my high ass took me to Walmart.
good pooping morning i raping at the bar and after i being silly at walmart Love u all
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Copperas Cove, TX 
 Walmart wins most consumer  s in air cmft/qlty w 21.3%; see who their competition is w our  infographic 
 mmpadellan  mitchellreports I saw Donald at my local Walmart store buying a cart full of bleach. lol
 nalugal  Walmart  greendotcards I was on hold for hour and next call said technical difficulties lol! Go figure!
 K_AliceC  I did go to Walmart braless today
Bigboo Deycantstopme Foster Stealing Walmart  Socks ......Facebook 
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Walmart is 'best positioned' in online grocery battle against Amazon 
 Chef_Chuckee  Walmart  greendotcards It's crazy! They can take the money but not fix the problem!😡
It was soooo crowded and stuffy in Walmart, like I had to take a breather outside cause I would've passed out
 Korsoto ikr that's why all my makeup is under  10 from walmart
 Bro_Pair  Uber  travisk  manoftomorrow01 Like Walmart?
 pepsi  PepsiCo  Walmart  WalmartNewsroom  YouTube ALL OF YOU, you should feel ashamed of yourselves, you lost a client today ☝🏽
 renomarky  CIndyStarbuck 
WALMART SUCKS
They can't survive w/o govt corporate Welfare
Pay SHIT- we pay what they don't
FUCK WALMART
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike  Conservative whoops 😂😂😂😉😉
Dear  Walmart, Stop hiring cashiers that don't want to talk to people...at all. Communication is a needed skill for the job I'd guess.
 BryanGa02113597  Walmart  greendotcards At least we all know we aren't alone! They have to fix it!
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards I'm sure!
PSA: there is cookie dough at Walmart that you don't cook you just eat and it taste like regular cookie dough 😍
You can earn a  5 Walmart eGift Card when you buy  10 worth of Diet Dr Pepper®  ad 
 Willcboha64 That's a bummer! Okay, can you provide more detail about the issue so we can help? -Inge
 BryanGa02113597  Walmart  greendotcards I just left Walmart and no help there. They said the receipt says it was loaded
Wow I just realized me and Edwin are old af. We just went to Walmart to buy stuff for our house. 😂
 saks What happened to customer service at your store? I feel like i get treated better at  Walmart. Your alterations lady needs a taking to
 Walmart 50¢ “Hotheads” Candy at Walmart with Peelie ~Check Your Store! 
OH: You should see the skank the baby daddy's with. She has a criminal record, and a BoeingD one — not like a retail theft from Walmart.
 nalugal  Walmart  greendotcards it sucks for real!
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content:  breakingnews 
 Willcboha64  Walmart  greendotcards  I just left Walmart and no help there!  They didn't mind taking the money though!
don't like nobody in this fucking walmart🖕🏽
 MatthewAmmons We appreciate feedback. Can you please forward this info via -Inge
the yukon walmart smells like straight vodka
 Walmart  has the worst customer service 👎🏽
 mattyglesias  jbarro In other countries, Walmart is unionized. Other countries don't allow corporations to pay their workers crap.
How can the dealership get them off no problem, but Walmart nor my dad can't.  DontUnderstand
walmart on san bernardo dont ever fail on smelling like A1 backed up toilet bullshit
 TruthFeedNews Demanding a wage they did not earn! No wonder Walmart going under!
At this Walmart they have carts that don't go pass the middle of he parking lot which pisses me off so bad 😭😭
Sometimes I just sit in the parking lot at Walmart and watch people try to find their cars.
Starbucks And Walmart Join Growing List Of Advertisers Boycotting YouTube •  Technology • ►
I've been at the mall for 20 minutes and 3 people have asked me where I got my shoes. Lmao they are my Walmart nonslip work shoes y'all
 Walmart's  Science Based Target: A Game Changer via  sciencetargets
i feel so bad for this lil worker dude at walmart, i know daddy t is scaring the shit out of him
 laurDIY look what i just found at Walmart😍 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 158 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/25/2017 3:14:40 PM
I need them container draws from Walmart 🤔
 nicolette_ok walmart got hoodies and scissors for  10 total
just cleaned out most of my basement to be a party zone ayy now probably going to target or walmart 😛
 _theclip23 Walmart too
 spaghettibrat it is different but my friend also has a job at Walmart making like  800-ish a month, plus a job over the summer
 TruthFeedNews Walmart's reputation has suffered over the years. So many shootings in their parking lots(Orlando) that I don't go there.
Couponing at Walmart:  giftcard  freebies  couponing  dailydiscountcouponcodes  coupons 
Really hope I don't see anyone I know at Walmart right now 🙈
Really Big Data At Walmart: Real-Time Insights From Their 40+ Petabyte Data Cloud via  forbes 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Mount Pleasant, MI 
PSA never go to Walmart in a crop top bc 9/10 Amish ppl will stare at you
More big advertisers flee  YouTube, other Google properties over offensive content  contentmarketing
Just treated myself to a  Walmart Gift Card on shopkick. Want one too? Get the app here: --Geovanni
 BestRebateApps
Walmart has the worst service
 HectorEz but you didn't go see Vic at Walmart...
Going In Walmart & get buku fruits
LIBS PUSHED FOR  15 /HR WAGE AT WALMART, NOW THEY'V ALL LOST THEIR JOBS; THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND ECONOMICS OR BUSINESS;  DUMMIES R JOBLESS
Why pay money to go to the zoo when you can go to the Biddeford Walmart for free
 CNBCMakeIt  CNBC no the retailers already did that i.e. Walmart moving into areas and crushing local small business
Walmart is such a dreadful place man. You always see somebody you don't want to.
 FaZeRug  toilet paper fort in Walmart
Walmart on a Saturday is like the DMV, sucks.
if Hell is a real place, it's 100% loosely based off Saturday afternoons spent in Walmart
Jade Helm 15 Tanks & Rocket Launchers Is NOT A Dril  jadehelm  martial  law  walmart
 HuffPostPol ..Bye Bye Blum...I hear there are job openings at walmart.....
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike  maga  trumptrain  trump2016 via TruthFeedNews
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards I have called all of my local tv stations in an effort to find out what is going on
That one time my dad pretended I was a lost kid at Walmart and had them call my name over the intercom 😂😂😂💀💀💀
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike
 
Lmao been in this walmart line for like 30 minutes. I finally reach the spit where the cashier is and I see a White Label... I want it.
She Walmart Me Money When Im Ona Trip😜💸
Starbucks and Walmart join growing list of advertisers boycotting YouTube - Major companies pulling adverts a sign… 
Ah scusate... Chanel vs Walmart  Amici16 
Chloe dropped off her car at walmart to get her oil changed and she called to ask if they finished and they said they can't find her car😂😂
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards They told me that their supervisor is on a "long call".I have over  600 being held hostage and no food
 TruthFeedNews are liberals aware of how hypocritical they are? They aren't competent to write law or policy; get a job at WaWa or Walmart
This woman hair line with this sew in here at this Walmart is a hotmess but she acting like she have a  beyonce sew… 
That guy in the  Walmart dancing & singing can't stop the feeling by  JustinTimberlake ... That's me! 
I have some fun at Walmart today😄❤️  MAGCONTOUR  magcontakeover 
 S_Renee__ Walmart , target , cvs anywhere
if you're ever curious what Walmart would look like as a person, it's  richharddd
its 2017 and green days good riddance is playing on the radio at walmart
 KTXZB I'll look   the box and send you a pic of them when I get back home. I got them from WalMart
this lady in WalMart got me ready to risk it all
I cannot believe I just got my eyebrows threaded at Walmart and they look better than ever
The eye doctor in the Walmart here is so fucking hot I'm wet
 JudicialWatch Capitalism at its best. Industrious American Drug dealers keeping their supply lines cost effective.… 
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike  maga  trumptrain  trump2016
 TruthFeedNews Walmart has always under paid their employees and very few are full time, to avoid benefits.
why does it smell like weed in walmart???
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Semmes, AL 
the cashier at Walmart was oddly distraught when I paid  65 on chicken broccoli and eggs. she underestimated my power
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content  CorporateCensorship 

The first thing I'm doing in April is going to Walmart and buying every copy of Vogue.  queenselena
In  Walmart I once observed a guy quietly singing along to "Here in the Real World" with a tear on his cheek.  OfficialJackson  countrymusic
People at  walmart scare me... Especially when you wave at someone when it wasn't the right person....
FREE Hair Color with mail-in rebate! I had the wrong rebate link, so be sure to print the one good thru 12/31/17~~~>
 ThereseBrown - It was fantastic. I picked it up while I was at  Walmart , yesterday.
 hurricanegracie I'll try H&M! I can't ethically support modcloth because they're owned by Walmart now but thank you!!
The liberals will celebrate this as they hate Walmart. Too bad for the poor people who not only shop there but also… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Woodbury, NJ 
Architects renovate abandoned Walmart building, transform it into the biggest public library floor in the country 
Why did Walmart have 2 have this point system 🙄
They can afford to pay that. Ban Walmart F them 👉👉Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike 
CoverGirl Clean Foundation & Powder  1.87 at Walmart! - 
 CheaKid Walmart PA system be like: Clean up in women's washroom please. Clean up in women's washroom...
TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART 
Found some gold at Walmart 
I think we should all be allowed to park in the handicapped spots in Walmart parking lot because, I mean technically...  YouKnow
 Lifehack
 _captainmorgg seriously it's bomb. That's what I use every day☺️ the NYC brand is so much better but Walmart no longer carries it😔
Wow, saved  30 on same item w/free shipping  Walmart vs  ToysRUs. Pays to research online.
as far as i know, Amazon website has them in stock 
Wal-Mart website has 5 left 
 Willcboha64  Walmart this is bull💩
Starbucks and Walmart join growing list of advertisers boycotting YouTube - Major companies pulling adverts a sign that many doubt Google’s…
 FaZeRug do a video of doing dares at Walmart
Walmart run with Nieya💁🏾real quick 
I'm at Walmart Carretera Sur 
 TrumpSuperPAC  BI_RetailNews 
Walmart & Amazon have done more to destroy the retail market than demographics & owned by
 Uber billionaires
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards they are having issues I can't access mine at all and they have turned off the phones so no answer now
 darla_mc17 every time she goes into Walmart to get "one thing" 
did my app for walmart, i'm calming this one🤞🏾💰
 business I've seen Walmart shoes with better style.
would rather take 12 swift kicks to the cookies everyday for the rest of my life than have to spend an hour Saturday afternoon in Walmart
Cheap Suave Body Wash~~~>
I just used Valet parking at Walmart, lmfao i have reached boujee at it's finest
LANCASTER ALERT - EPHRATA BORO E MAIN ST  AT THE WALMART FOR A VEHICLE FIRE  BLUE MINI VAN USE CAUTION IN AREA
 djBIZ bringing you the Walmart mix! Let's go! Out at the Walmart in Marina 12-3p! Come by 😉 
And now at  walmart. .... a  scavengerhunt
 Walmart well the price of a video game is 49 in this store and online it's 29 and online on Microsoft it's 24? That's a little much
 D_Desss girl I'm at Walmart
[Walmart]
Later i'm gonna put on a blue vest & stand at least 20 ft in front of the greeter & greet people before that fucker gets a chance.
 SoleDreams Walmart is where I've seen it but I haven't tried target or other grocery stores or convenience locations.
 NotClickbait DARKIPLIER? (IN THE HOOD) (BLOOD??) (HAUNTED??) (KICKED OUT OF WALMART!) (OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE??) (GONE SEXUAL??) (DEATH)
Because of overpaid CEOs and greedy Big Business. Walmart for one.
- Daily savings center - Your hottest offers of today at Walmart
Exxel Outdoors Summit 35-40 Degrees Sleeping Bag, Burnt Orange [ Save 99% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals 
Selling Walmart Best Buy Starbucks  Office Depot many mlre  bitc… 
Walmart couponing vlog. It’s not what you think.

Walmart provides  157 million in bonuses for employees
Read More  globalretail… 
 TerriMarsh11  FranklinJaso Walmart only prosecutes over 50  same here in fla but stores can prosecute just say what the hell let them steal
 FaZeRug i dare you to go into walmart and try to get kicked out
WALMART HAUL!!: via  YouTube
Is it just me or every time I leave out of Walmart I don't remember where I parked.. 🤔😂🤦🏽‍♀️
 Walmart is getting into the VR AR game! 
I wish I could send somebody to Walmart for me lol
End Walmart's Extortion Scams Today! - Walmart’s Restorative Justice Program first involves suspected... 
 cliffski The idea that they're only half the market share of Walmart is a bit arresting. You'd think it would be way higher.
Shew Sam's Club, Fresh Market, and Walmart.... I'm done with grocery shopping!!!! 🤗
Found two more today! You're "it" Walmart.  hidethegungame  WalmartCanada 
Dammmnn I spotted his car while we were leaving Walmart lmao I hate myself 😂😂
I came to Walmart to buy my cats toys even though they've been huge assholes lately  catmomoftheyear
 Walmart's Anti- Union Video Is a Reason Why No One Should Shop There via   p2  labor
Walmart Supercenter 
I'm making my  taxrefund stretch for miles by shopping for Samsung electronics  Walmart.  ad… 
 sale Ematic 11.6″ 2-in-1 Touch Laptop, Intel Atom Quad-Core, 2GB RAM, 32GB Flash Storage -  169.00: Walmart offers… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Henderson, TX 
CATCH ME AT YOUR LOCAL WALMART
 frankoceanhafiz they sell it at Walmart and Sally's Beauty at a good price 😌😌😌
Police Seek Walmart Attacker 
That early morning pickup  walmart  donyourmotivation  committoself  finstro 
WATCH: Citizen Sees What Muslim Welfare Queens Do At Walmart, Records Video For All to Watch. - 
 MrBeastYT Go buy some toys at walmart and review them
Was at Walmart today and got a green long sleeve turtle neck dad shirt for  3 and I'm so happy with this purchase
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike via  truthfeednews
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike
EARN A RAISE

 ashton_locklear I present the Luna Locklear statue thing I found at Walmart😍 
what's a good eyelash glue for fake eyelashes from like walmart?
 Walmart Why can I not get access to my money. I have to eat. What can you do to help me?
DrinkWell Boston Bars Are Considering Banning Glassware Due to Frequent, Violent Bar Fights… 
Only at this Walmart is there crazy shit happens. And rude as ppl working there
Truly no place I'd rather be today than Walmart 😍
I need to go to Walmart🙄
 ReptileSamurai which walmart is that
I'm at  Subway inside Walmart in Cleveland, TN 
 sam_brou damn which Walmart you got to?
Walmart stands in the same relation to the study of the insensible diamond ring as masturbation to sexual love 🤐
a  Walmart commercial just advertised that they have "no membership fee" as if most websites charge you for the right to buy shit online
Need to go to Walmart.
 taylorschmidt__ Walmart
My grandma and I shouldn't be allowed at Walmart together ... or any store if that! 😂
*passes open ice cream shop on the way to walmart to get ice cream*
Libby: "shall we double fist it today?" 
😂😂
 MLB  Baseball 2010 ST. LOUIS  Cardinals TEAM BoeingNNER. NEW IN BoeingG WALMART SGA WITH MOLINA, LARUSS… 
 Kim91726, Or these?!?
Breaking hearts 💕at Walmart!!
Awwwww...Enjoy!!😋💥😊💥 
 collihn i lost my wallet after fucking around in walmart before
 shastanlanae They're outside of Walmart! I could cop you a box if you want!
I bought the movie collection at Walmart lol
If you have  3, want to help a local group, and can make it out to the Neighborhood Walmart at… 
 _LadyHouston I don't remember lol, I only found out about it bc I found a coupon for it at walmart 😂
FREE FREE FREE! 

Go here -> 
This lady taking my order at McDonald's seems to think i care about her Walmart employee story, lady I know they aren't good to employees
20% discount - LEGO Ideas The Big Bang Theory, 21302

Walmart invests as American middle class shrinks 
 paulkrugman If it further impoverishes Walmart shoppers who rely on cheap imported crap to get by, that alone will give Rs a reason to live
I JUST SAW NOAH NIKZAD AT WALMART MY DAY HAS BEEN MADE❤
Dear Walmart,

Do you use stale pee to mop the floor in the men's bathroom? Overwhelming is a useful adjective.
his grades bad asf ... she taking him to walmart for some wrangler jeans 😭
 ReyRey__ 'bout to show up at ur Walmart and scream at some mother fuckers. 
All the trash blowing around in the Walmart parking lot is disgusting. Just throw your stuff in the trash. 🙄
 AntonioEffinger *walmart
Got a seahawk 2 from Walmart to try and go fishing on the lake. Wind started blowing which made it take for ever to… 
At Walmart in the Shores and there is this couple with 8 kids. The mom goes, "Follow Uncle Mitch/Dad," and that sums up Marion County.
 baileywwalker correction: Home Depot has good taste in music compared to walmart
 NarcoReus got this from Walmart! It made the inside of my face burn for like 10 minutes but it works! 
WATCH: Citizen Sees What Muslim Welfare Queens Do At Walmart, Records Video For All to Watch - 
50¢ "Hotheads" Candy at Walmart with Peelie ~Check Your Store! 

Go Here -->>   
50¢ "Hotheads" Candy at Walmart with Peelie ~Check Your Store! -  coupons  free  htsff… 
 Scarletr0seTV I forgot lamps as well!  Walmart has decent lamps that are like  10
 MatthewAmmons Could you let us know more about your issue? We're here to assist you. -Carole
I feel a bit overdressed here at WalMart because my pajamas match.
The motherfucker asked me for a Walmart gift card..And to add  3,000 dollars to it.. 😂 😂
 BestBuy  Walmart tweet respond-NO DIRECT CALL tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya  TALKS OVER ME.boilerplate canned
Instead of paying a boatload of money to go to space & potentially see aliens, go to your local Walmart. The creatures there are spectacular
 amazon  Walmart tweet respond-NO DIRECT CALL tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya  TALKS OVER ME.boilerplate canned
14 Biggest Walmart Fails Of All Time 
Threat that evacuated Yorkton Walmart 'unfounded,' RCMP say  Sask  Canada  
 geekcartel just look at  Walmart and  SamsClub as an example of minimal worker to  customer  interaction. Still a top 10 business.
Mom: Need anything from Walmart?
Me: Hmm, maybe deodorant?
Mom: I thought I just bought u some. What, are u eating the deodorant?! 😂
 Target  Walmart tweet respond-NO DIRECT CALL tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya  TALKS OVER ME.boilerplate canned
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike  Nationalist 
when yo leave iupattys to go to walmart and get hella food
 WalmartCanada  Walmart tweet respond-NO DIRECT CALL tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya  TALKS OVER ME.boilerplate canned
Why do people think they can ask other people for money in Walmart parking lots I'm so tired of this
 _walkingdread : Walmart: "cleanup on isle 9"
 WalmartToday  Walmart tweet respond-NO DIRECT CALL tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya  TALKS OVER ME.boilerplate canned
This guy is just blaring music in Walmart and sitting in the aisle having a little party with himself 😂
Someone please take my card from me. I went into Walmart for pull ups and glue but left spending  200. 😩🤦🏽‍♀️😒
Just waiting for when stores like Walmart or Home Depot start delivering a la uber. It's gon happen...
 CBC News |  PepsiCo,  Walmart and  Starbucks are the latest to...  YouTube 
 WalmartAction  Walmart tweet respond-NO DIRECT CALL tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya  TALKS OVER ME.boilerplate canned
Walmart run... 🏃🏾‍♀️
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards yep I loaded money and it hasn't shown up yet
 veronicagriman  saamprater good for WALMART, if you want  15 hr get to jobs or an education to deserve that money.
 Best  Toys Hasbro  Avengers Movie Series Loki  Figure Walmart Exclusive Marvel Legends 6" 
 Roblox are roblox toys available at Walmart in the US?
Me and and my brother had a photo shoot in  Walmart with their flowers 😂😂 
 FamilyMobile   Walmart tweet respond-NO DIRECT CALL tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya  TALKS OVER ME.boilerplate canned
 Sprint4Barry  SP&G_JB  AnesihW  slangeret  collierjeremy Winning in Walmart!👍🏻
Just looked at a girl in a Midnight Memories shirt in Walmart while I'm wearing a Zayn shirt. Definitely felt some tension.
Bruh these old people rocking some hilfiger in Walmart 😂😂😂 arickoo7
 Walmart   Walmart tweet respond- NO DIRECT COMMUNICATION tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya  TALKS OVER ME.boilerplate canned
49% discount - Spalding NBoeing 54" Polycarbonate Backboard

 SantosFortrump Instead of MANY WORKERS earning a lower min. wage at Walmart, now ZERO WORKERS are now earning  15.00 min. wage! Makes sense
These walmart lines are ridiculous
 WalmartNewsroom   Walmart tweet respond- NO COMMUNICATION tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya TALKS OVER ME.boilerplate canned
My  walmartbeautybox has arrived! Only  5 shipped. Love! Thank you Walmart! ❤️😍 bioré  colgate  dove  johnfreida… 
Help make a difference in a Homeless child's life by Joining Walmart & Ross. By making a Tax Deductible donation to 
Running into  rodrigoobruh  at Walmart. Omg high school friend/lunch buddie / always threw carrots at me lmao.
PepsiCo, Walmart and Starbucks are the latest to stop advertising on YouTube! 
 Culture  _15_minimum_wage  Chinatown  Los_Angeles  Walmart Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum…… 
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike  Culture  15minimumwage… 
so i was looking for a yellow power ranger toy at walmart n i didn't find anything relating to it i just want my gay ranger
look who i ran into today at walmart 
Club members got new shoes, a hot lunch & had fun 2day thanks to  Walmart Distribution Center & their Samaritan Fee… 
 Pisces3in05  Walmart  greendotcards same issue here. Any results yet?
It's crazy the amount of people that'll stop and talk to you in Walmart when you have 6 cases of beer in your cart 🙃
The shirt I bought at Walmart looks better on me than the shirt I spilled coffee on today and had to buy a replacement shirt for.
Juvenile gets nailed shoplifting at Walmart. Probably reported missing.  missingdcgirls
My life is about as organized as the  5 DVD bin at Walmart...
no see i went to MY walmart to buy it yesterday but they were out so i went to a DIFFERENT WALMART TO BUY IT & ITS EXPIRED i want to die
i saw my ex's mom at Walmart rn, yup she still loves me 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Shopping at Walmart then I'm going to go to the mall having fun this weekend
 jhelm102288 - Hey, I shop at Walmart! Lol 😂
so i got burnt yesterday and we sat and made ridiculous videos of us singing to music at walmart that's us wbu 
 ShawnMendes I'll go get it later on today from Walmart I'm not trying to be mean or anything I'm friendly and kind sweet girl you're fan
Guess going to Walmart gonna have to wait 😒
my manager gave me a  20 gift card to walmart
 sex in walmart lezbian pussy 
Hilarious people in general even talk like ghetto morons online... sad

Sorry I don't speak Walmart
While sitting in Walmart parking lot bored as hell, I found out that Siri can rap. You're welcome.
 SenWarren I worry that you are truly mentally retarded. You really should consider another career. Perhaps Walmart greeter?  maga  trump
We gotta bitch tryna flex a  5 ring from Walmart that her boyfriend got her with fake diamonds in it all over Snapchat. Getting that block;)
Dear Walmart, I'm not in the mood for your shit or the people.
You know the noise the lady makes in the vine where she sees the rat in Walmart thats how I feel about people
 Rinasoir  NightoftheLark  Capt_Wolf_Kick I hope we get to go to a Walmart supercentre. They don't have those here.
THE ICED COFFEE I BOUGHT FROM WALMART LAST NIGHT EXPIRED 8 DAYS AGO I WANT TO PUNCH SOMEONE i'm still gonna drink it maybe
 agbkehlani ulta but they have it at walgreens walmart and target too
Get ready! Meet us at the Walmart grand opening here in Marina! Food, drinks, music, tickets!  djBIZ  1025KDON team out here 12-3p!
Way to go Wal-mart. Fighting back.:
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike 
 Walmart you don't sell enough cans?? hire me pls
4 years later and I still can't catch a damn ride to Walmart ☺️
Here   ross and walmart.
 Obamacare  Trumpcare  SaturdayMorning  amjoy  satchat 

Liberalism , the job killer!
◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼◼

 
So,  ho is the genius that thought it would be wiye to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
I love walmart for there wifi
New walmart stock 
I legit hate Walmart every time I come in here I know it's gonna be at least an hour 🙄
Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More 
Starbucks and Walmart join growing list of advertisers boycotting YouTube - Major companie… 
 100FREE FREE Lens Cloth & Cleaner at Walmart Vision Centers! 
 Walmart respond-twitter NO DIRECT COMMUNICATION tells call 866-224-1663  Escalate 1Juan 2 Nikiya  TALKS OVER... 
 just_muff you quit walmart
 Rinasoir  Capt_Wolf_Kick I'll take you to Walmart.
Who's  bowl is it?   Walmart Supercenter Spring - Riley Fuzzell Rd. 
But his shoe brand still sells at Walmart 
Threat that evacuated Yorkton Walmart 'unfounded,' RCMP say 
"Do you work here?" Does it look like I work st Walmart lmao
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Jacksonville, FL 
 ReTweet  BabyFood  Gerber 2nd Foods Turkey and Turkey Gravy Baby Food 
 Nelric4 Try walmart
 Walmart so if I had a kid and went into the store to buy beer would you ID my kid too?? The lady wouldn't even look at my ID.
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike  Conservative 
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike  TrumpPence2017 
my AAU team is outside of walmart rn in AC if you wanna help us get money for all our tournaments anything will hel… 
Another sign of greater US  economy polarization:  WalMart offers new upscale  clothing:   retail  consumers  Walmart
 DJIA WKLY Best performing  MCD  Apple  DIS  CVX  KO  MSFT  Intel  Walmart  CSCO Worst  GS  JPM  UNH  NKE  Boeing  DD  JNJ… 
Amazon's Latest Move in Grocery Is Nothing New  AMZN  COST  KR  Walmart  TGT 
3 Top Retail Stocks to Buy in 2017  HD  Walmart  BBY 
 Valuetrap13 I look at it more simply... Are profits (measured in a real way) growing faster than the economy?  Walmart = no,  COST = yes
. BoxedWholesale  100M in revenue. Today "value is price AND convenience AND brand"- maybe  Walmart  SamsClub acq tgt? 
'Dogs in the Hedge'  64 -> 'The Money Path Podcast'

LISTEN HERE -> 
 HAS  MULE  Walmart  FDX… 
 Read my JBP review - following his stock alerts I made  50K !!  BBY  FSLR  Walmart  WNR
Battling  Amazon,  Target doubles down on stores while  Walmart invests in  eCommerce.

Bearish this retailer.  Walmart 
 SHLD  Amazon Found Guilty In The Murder Of  Sears  AMZN  Walmart  Apple  DIA  SPY  QQQ  stocks  stockmarket  investing
 AI  ML  HPC  BigData  robotics  VR  iot t hugely  disrupt  retail  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  KR  BBY  COST  HD  LOW… 
Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
Sam Walton and Building a Business Empire:  Walmart  walmart  entrepreneurship  business  innovation  empirebuilding
5 of 5  UNH  UTX  V  VZ  Walmart  XOM and install them on your computer. Skype: gemsbot for info. 
Commented on StockTwits: 5 of 5  UNH  UTX  V  VZ  Walmart  XOM and install them o... 
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class as we know it  Walmart
3,393 Shares in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Acquired by Ullmann Financial Group Inc. 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Position Boosted by Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. 
Guardian Capital Advisors LP Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Tyers Asset Management LLC Buys New Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
What Does Continual Low Volatility Mean ?
 GTE  AMGN  DJT  IYT  IWM  RUT  UNH  Walmart  XOM 
 Walmart,  PEP,  DISH,  GM,  SBUX suspending  Google,  GOOG non-search ads: WSJ 
 PEP  Walmart  DISH  SBUX  GM  KO  AMZN  MSFT  SBUX YouTube is facing a full-scale advertising boycott over hate speech 
Real Estate Investing: How to Flip a House as a Real Estate Investor:  realestate  HD  Walmart  SPY  LL  DE
Walmart, Dish Ntwrk, General Motors & Starbucks are making a big mistake not advetising with Youtube  Walmart  DISH  SBU 
The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life:  stocks  investing  trading  KO  Walmart  BRK-A  SPY  Apple  P&G
The View From The Top  Apple  APPLE  GOOG  Google  MSFT  BRK.A  BRK.B  FB  AMZN  XOM  JNJ  WFC  JPM  GE  Walmart
 SPY not only are  dept. stores getting squeezed, but all retailers i.e.  Walmart   can anyone say deflation? 
 AUY not only are we dept. stores getting squeezed, but all retailers i.e.  Walmart   can anyone say deflation? 
Wal-Mart Launches Tech Incubator for Virtual Reality & Artificial Intelligence
 Walmart  XLP… 
Wal-Mart 'best positioned' in online grocery battle against Amazon  Walmart  AMZN 
 Walmart Shoppers get mad as hell when their favorite brand is bought by the big guys 
 Walmart Possible short. - S:  69.54 / SL:  70.16 
 Walmart Wal Mart Stores : Ash Road and Old U.S. 20 intersection set for long summer of cons... Read more:  Walmart
Wal Mart Stores :  Walmart stabbing suspect arraigned . Read more:  Walmart
[Free Trial] Jason Bond picks will make you a better trader..try his alerts FREE now!!!  Walmart  FB  FDX
Cellairis Mobile Device Repair Services Now Offered Inside Glendale  Walmart. Read more:  Walmart
Coca-Cola,  Walmart Latest to Pull Ads From Google Amid Concerns About Offensive Content. Read more:  Walmart
 Walmart Wal-Mart buys acquires ModCloth in effort to compete with Amazon. Read more:  Walmart
