i have one of these things from walmart and it's way too small and i've had it for like 7 years now so it's breakin… 
Don't struggle with sleep. Get some Napz at  WalmartcomUS  sleep  sleepless  Walmart  walmartadventures… 
Dear  Walmart_Store Nope. Still not ready.  wtf 
 Southern_Living  Walmart We need more people like this!
 Walmart To be clear, he's talking about military boom operators who do in air refueling. Not Hollywood sound specialists.
Gotta go to Walmart
Went to Walmart &I was going to buy you some natural products just didn't know what you use 
 BryanTurnquist What, you don't like the Walmart special? 
Seriously don't understand why people don't like buying clothes at Walmart. Comfortable clothes   an affordable price.
Sarah found a gold Pom Pom in Walmart and wants to be like the cheerleaders and use it at pep rally's 😂😂❤️… 
 SJonesBP  dead_rhetoric  WrrrdNrrrdGrrrl  hannahjwaters I'm not doubting this is part of it, but it's not the whol… 
Left Vader in the car for 7 minutes to run into Walmart to grab something for the new place and had a couple telling me how to raise my dog
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
All it also takes is a quick trip to WalMart or the welfare office to see that they do...🙄 
Paul is officially a Person of Walmart. I think he was trying to channel Morgana in one of them
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
There's no way I walk out of a WalMart without hating one group of people.
 Taylor_Niicolee Too far for me to drive to the one near you guys ): and Walmart has the cheap giant trash bags I need
Steven went to Walmart, came back and said "here's pizza rolls and here's some water" I look up and see these beaut… 
If you want a Grade A shawty go to Walmart nd surf up nd down the fresh produce isle!
I liked a  YouTube video "Are You Following Me?" Prank (GONE WRONG) Walmart Edition
Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike  Google: BBDC3.BR  Walmart.US  S&P 500 Index  NASDAQ 100 Components  Stocks 
Facebook post calls out suspects in Bellingham Walmart gaming console swap - Milford Daily News  facebook
Apollo Crews defeats Mojo Rawley via the Magic Killer in a Monster's Ball Match at Walmart
 Walmart sucks. 
My  3 Walmart 2L water bottle is leaking and Walmart doesn't sell them anymore. So so sad. ☹️
Nah y'all know I'm tired cause I'm not even making Sunday dinner. I bought a rotisserie chicken from Walmart 😂😭😂😭
Thinking about suing Walmart for this hit and run earier
 USCCA Walmart but i keep my eyes open for deals on quality ammo.
Go look up " Lil Walmart " up on SoundCloud 😂😂😂
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God via the  FoxNews Android app
So I finally went into filtered messages on FB and found this gem from Randy Bishop who now works for  Walmart.… 
"You cannot attack the representative of the Walmart voter, but you can attack the billionaire who represents them." -Ann Coulter
 thenamesmaddiep Walmart!
Saw TOO MANY people in mineola Walmart
i've been to walmart 3 times in the last 24 hours , for no fucking reason.
I stamp!!!! This older  black lady in Walmart asked how to get her hair like mine 3 weeks ago and I been feeling et… 
Just saw about everybody I know in Walmart😂🤦🏾‍♂️
 TaylorSwift  Music TAYLOR SWIFT Beautiful Eyes ONLY AT WALMART Big Machine Records  CD/ DVD NEW 2DISC… 
It is amazing the way I am treated and spoken to by not only co-workers, but MANAGEMENT as well here at Walmart.
Get up get my hair braided, go get my transcript from ECC run to walmart to get some lashes ! & make stupid ass take me Benihana's 😊😊
Walmart has an endless supply of screaming children whose parents then start screaming at them as if that will get the kids to stop
Image from ToyWatch VELVETY CHRONO BLACK AND SILVER VVCM03BK - 
 olemajorlyindie  Walmart Why can't I buy this song?   HaleyReinhart 
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
THIS is my America!! Nice work young man.  
Well that's an odd place to have this sticker. No thanks Walmart 
 headfallsoff I can do without the Walmart Lover
 cjamesmcnamara  CNNSotu  SenSanders  realDonaldTrump According to millions that use it, some in my family, it work… 
Found MLP the movie merch at a Walmart!!! 
Walmart plates are the best 🤤
 dwright3  Mr_Eric_Alan  DutchDk  realDonaldTrump Not really.... WinCo competes for the Walmart customer. They pay… 
do y'all ever wonder if kylie jenner's been to walmart
why ddoes Walmart have 20 checkout spots and only 2 open everytime???????
I just signed this petition on OrganizeFor with  ColorOfChange. Will you join me?  O4 via  ColorOfChange
Almost cried at Walmart 😖
 DavidMayhorn25  WTFWolfy only walmart ones this time.. but it's still donuts
Got a few things off the registry 💞💞💞💞 So happy!! 
Listed as Taylor Pachecano state of Texas. DD 11/17 at Walmart... 
Running into all these people in Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️
 lexcc__ Walmart , dollar tree , family dollar, dollar general ... do I need to go on ?
//Dad bought a cheap grill from Walmart thinking it would be assembled in box. It's in like a hundred pieces. I have been -
A POUND of boneless hot wings at Walmart cost  4.95. Bdubs is dying for a reason.
My stomach doing backflips and my dad just had to stop at Walmart
//May or may not have pranked the everliving crap out of someone at walmart.
 Im_Nayann Awe what a fuckin babe got me smilin all up in Walmart
Again, just look at my phone as I walk by, and I keep hearing in an extremely aggressive tone, "HEY LADY WELCOME TO WALMART. HEY!"
there aren't many things that are more annoying than getting a cart with a bum wheel at Walmart
 BigDusa They have wall patch kits at Walmart and stuff
 foreverrHER__  DopeUpOnGaby_ Bby yu got til nov/dec & Yu can always go on amazon or Walmart
All of a sudden, I hear, "Welcome to Walmart!" again, so I just think you know, somebody else walk in. No, nobody else walked in behind me.
I know most of you heard the news, that you can shop online at Walmart and go to the store and they will bring it... 
 yuppgio idek who roadtrip is but they deadass look like the walmart version of wdw im laughing
i'm at walmart and africa is playing :')))) 💖💖💖💖
I had so much fun today with my best friend we went to the movies and we went to Walmart just to walk around
The greeter says,  "Welcome to Walmart." and I kind of look at my phone, trying to remember what supplies I need to get.
. sprint your service I will never recommended to anyone ever I'll tell them to get a Walmart phone before yours. This signal is trash
She just bought her first camera from the Walmart clearance rack, one retweet could jump start her career. 
Got no union
Got no say in anything
Work all night and day
for little or no pay
Got the Walmart blues
 poem
Walmart it is
Facebook post calls out suspects in Bellingham Walmart gaming console swap - Milford Daily News 
Check out Funko Pop! Heroes Dr Harleen ( 135) Walmart Exclusive   eBay  funko  HarleyQuinn  dccomics
I hate Walmart! be having two fucking lanes open WHY?!
Buy Zestra for her at  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid… 
Casually going to Walmart with Francis's mom without Francis because she asked and I feel bad saying no 🤦🏻‍♀️😂
I casually walk into Walmart this evening, I have to get some craft supplies. I grab my cart and I walk in the doors...
I'm at  Walmart in Columbia, MD 
Let me tell you all a story. I got verbally assaulted at Walmart today.
You’ve got low prices
they’ve got big profits
and I’m left with empty pockets
and the Walmart blues
 poetry  poems
The shit that takes place in Walmart
 sweetpenez SOMETIMES U HAVE TO WALK IN WALMART OR KMART AND FORGET ITS WALMART OR K MART
Walmart Sells Concealed Carry Clothing - The Truth About Guns 
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Cruelty free finds at walmart! 💕🐰💕 So cool to see cruelty free brands so easily accessible… 
 gayprotag Oh I get you I always accidentally steal makeup from walmart, wink wink~
  Walmart Black And Decker Car Battery Charger Pc4294   
 CallMeDimplezz this lady in Walmart was so in love with my hair 😍😍😍
 icterid  MikeLevinCA  DarrellIss A better question: How can Darrell Issa be elected into Congress? Time to out-vot… 
Curious George Storybook Collection (CGTV) Hardcover  5.14   Amazon or Walmart w/ Pickup Discount… 
My mother just threw an absolute temper tantrum at dinner because she didn't want to go to Walmart afterwards 🙃
American Dynamic  czerina  LockheedMartin  GCHQ  IsraeliPM  BoeingESystemsInc  DeptofDefense  Walmart 
Meth Japan/Europ… 
Literally just picked up one at Walmart 5 min ago when I went grocery shopping 😅😅 
Alex told me i need to wear s bra to walmart and i was like .. no i don't we live in seneca county
Can't wait to go do exciting things in Ceres... like go to Walmart 🙄😂
I'm at Walmart in Naucalpan, MEX 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Lmao these females  be drinking  that cheap ass Walmart wine thinkining they  cold ☠️
 risaeats1960 ...apparently they decided to release it as a Walmart exclusive anyway. Curious to hear how it is. :) [2]
My favorite part about shopping at  Walmart is the pickup service. It's so fast, reliable and convinient… 
Win A  25 Walmart GC In The Scream for Ice Cream Giveaway Hop Ends 7/31 
example of research paper topic  walmart business analysis
I'm sick so what does my stupid self do?? Goes to Walmart to get even more bacteria to get even sicker😭😭 FML😢
 sick   Walmart  UFC214
 solidstomak there's no publix in my small ass town, and ingles is too expensive, so walmart has to be my option
 RoadTripTV  LoganPaul do you guys need the u gud bro survey. i'll give you the walmart version
 Walmart great support for the home town team!  UHCougars  UHpres 
Arkansas is just a really big Walmart with trees
Lmao I think I was the first person to steal a Walmart cart and  bring it into heritage at CAU😂
Here’s  10 off groceries! 
Me: sorry guys can't go out I'm trying to save money

Also me: *buys the Lego Star Wars Millennium Falcon set at Walmart for  120*
 M8dis0n "Why am I not getting any darker??" *uses  5 walmart lotion and tans in a level 1*
Facebook post calls out suspects in Bellingham Walmart gaming console swap - MetroWest Daily News 
If she still goes to Walmart to mess around at night, she's too young for you.
One of my worst decisions was not copping an ICP tee from Walmart when they had them
Just got out of Walmart. My hip hurts and I no longer know what year it is.
At Walmart looking like this getting hit on by a young dude that works there lol 
Facebook post calls out suspects in Bellingham Walmart gaming console swap - Milford Daily News  Facebook  SocialM…
Should I go to Burger King or Walmart for cheesecake 🤔🤔🤔
 Keyuhh__ Usually if I walk into a Walmart I can expect a panic attack
Lady at Walmart thought I was a Milner sister today. Best compliment everrrrr 😍❤️
 urgrounded_ Ok lemme know before you come bc I may have to run to walmart in a bit
headphones in at walmart to drown out all the screaming children
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Paragould, AR 
MY DAD SAID "WHATS WALMART. huh. hes joking tho
 TheMeso  oldickeastman  caterhamcr3  catoletters Exactly! Walmart exists because people don't have money. Thank you 😊 John! 👍 🐸 ❤️ 🌹
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Alvin, TX 
Headed to Walmart to buy black dye to dye my pants y todo
I'm at Walmart Desamparados 
 deeroldrick you tried it sissss , all you need is a name for walmart
somebody take me to walmart
Her opponent looked like she just stepped out of  Walmart, but damn she could take a hit.  ufc214   kfc 
Just picked up this recommendation from   sierra_furtado at Walmart❤️ hopefully I can start to clear my skin🤗… 
The Walmart in Athens is hands-down the worst.
Going to Walmart to get snacks , then home with Papa to watch power. 🤗 My Sunday has been so good.
ebay  Are you ready to start making  500 to  5000 a month if so click here and start earning.… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Midlothian, TX 
77% of porn I've watched the girl always says idk if I can take this I'm so tight... Then proceeds to ram a Walmart building inside her 😂
Got some switches for sale at walmart. First time I've seen them in the store. 
 theSteven_Lee I'll forgive you for comparing the best store in America to Walmart
 Johnpdca Seriously??  she has a skinny mirror from Walmart.
 _King_Vanity_ Where that video of the dude cuming on ole girl ass in Walmart I wanna show alex
Locked my fucking keys in my trunk and everyone who could get me in the house is out of town and Im stuck at Walmart. Awesome.
Walmart has the best macaroni
so this random little girl shot everett w this fake gun in walmart and he fake died, this man is my bestfriend forever
All Acosta Retail positions supporting Walmart and Sam’s apply here* 
Accidentally walked out of Walmart without paying for a loofah. I don't know how you deadbeat thieves steal all the time. Not a good feeling
Thanks to  Walmart and  walmarthelp, I now have to pay  300 for a  SNESClassic cause they're too fucking dumb to honor pre-orders.
"Valparaiso Walmart vision center this is Katelyn can I help you?"
"Yes, is this the valparaiso location?"
Blue Bell ice cream from Walmart and Pat's milkshakes can only hold you over for so long.
I didn't know what stress was until I had to pick a line at Walmart on tax free weekend
and rolling around on the floor... IN THE WALMART BoeingTHROOM
chanel vs walmart

 RoadTripNeverStartedParty 
Thanks to  Walmart for the awesome  tote you know as a teacher I love a good tote! All sizes! I… 
Went to Walmart and found back to school stuff, I think I died a little inside
If you search "fart" on the  Walmart Grocery app it brings up milk & ground beef, which really speaks volumes about American dietary habits.
Porcelein Pin Worlds hottest Electrician Lapel Badge - NEONBLOND - 
Just went to Walmart to renew my hatred towards people.
alright so walmart to walmart? 
I hate Walmart with a passion 😑
Helping out the girl with "electric shopping cart". 🙄🙄🙄   Walmart Neighborhood Market Pantego 
my granny don't know how to go to Walmart and get what she need and come out
If you need me I'm just at Walmart, walking through the baby section & crying over all the things Bea no longer fits into.
So I'm in Walmart a few minutes ago, I go to the bakery to get a slice of cake, see they have a new kind, my fat ass is hype.
I received  20 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
ladies & gentlemen i think we've found the real walmart one direction 😤  RoadtripNeverStarted
Ya boy has a magic bullet Ima use the fuck out of this On my way to Walmart now bitches 
 nickandbeth Noblesville Walmart next to the paper towels!
 kroger  Kroger Don't make me go back to Walmart to get a bigger size. I hate the lines at  Walmart
I promise u  Walmart/ walmarthelp will announce & itll sellout and most of the originalcustomers wont get shit and we'll have 2 deal w/ ebay
Standing in Walmart and  backstreetboys are playing lol "I want it that way"  AllieDub617
Oh now he's bashing walmart.
If he jumps on womens right to vote I'm walking back to texas
 larissa_clouse  ClarissaUdavee In AZ there's a Walmart in the center of the Outback Steakhouse pentagram which makes perfect sense
Walmart is Hell on Earth. I'll gladly pay more anywhere else
 wishsartorius ur edits are like 19347291017472920147291010382838319101472x better than mine .im walmart comapared to ur gucci edits .
Be careful what you say! Mom Claps Back to Stranger in Walmart Who Feels Sorry For Her  momspiration… 
I need to make this grocery list and go go to walmart
Stock up on Crest Toothpaste With  2 off Coupon at Walmart and Target via  dorkysdeals
Diary of a Wimpy Kid 10-Second Challenge Game Just  8.55 via Couponing to Disney - ... 
I feel like I'm the only person I know that buys 94% of their makeup at Walmart lmao
Safe Inside Portable Security Case for  11 + pickup at Walmart
http:
im bored im gonna go to walmart and buy a fuckload of condoms
Walmart outlines policy for manufacturing in the America. Great, but let's make those good paying jobs, and union.  
i was leaving walmart, heading toward my car, & some woman almost hit me. She rolled down her window & said "HOE, WATCH WHERE YOU'RE GOING."
Having a daughter is great until you're arguing with a bossy, sassier version of yourself about why she has to wear pants to Walmart 🙃
 Kinah_KM3 i reccomend ordering off walmart's website. the stuff comes in SUCH good condition w no cracks or scratc… 
 feelingonsfire SHUT YOUR FUCKING MOUTH YOU FUCKIG BELIEBER IM TIRED OF PEOPLE WHO SUPPORT CHEATERS FUCK OFF WALMAR… 
 Walmart aye fam . Let me borrow a iphone charger . I'll bring it back 😂😒
 hheeheee would let tom hardy raw me in a walmart parking lot at 2 am
I LOST MY MOM IN WALMART I
Literally could not find a parking space at H-E-B, so now I'm here instead. (  Walmart Neighborhood Market) 
 AmyMek  PaulVictorSmit1  Walmart Get out of here...is this true? If proven, I will never step foot inside a WalMart Store again!
 TheJuanFranco Isn't that Walmart?
Was too many people in walmart .. i forgot so many things 🤦🏾‍♂️
Ni🅱️🅱️a I'm at Walmart already 
 KKeefer120 would be pissed if he pulled into Walmart with the carts lookin like shit 
 splinter_news 65 teens get stabbed with pencils every year. They sell them at Walmart!
Having Walmart in my backyard is convenient.
Idk if it's just our Walmart or what but damn it's sooo fucking HOT in here!!' Like damn can y'all get this shit fixed!
current mood: crying in the middle of walmart
Little kid in Walmart...Wow,he must be a football player    MadeMyDay
Well done  Walmart on reminding us to make memories with our kids. Love the new commercial!  sappy  momlife
 rowunist that's why i said walmart ugh
 Deliriums_Fish  PPact  Walmart PP serves less than 1.5% of women's health care. It's a political organization, not a necessary HC provider
My mom said irvine changed me and i was bougie cause i didnt wanna go to walmart alone at 10pm LMAO 
 kylelarnold  odanghummus  Walmart Wall artt in North Carolina please
1966, I-10 expansion at DeZavala looking towards what's now Six Flags and The Rim. Today, you would see Walmart, Wh… 
Why are more Walmart stores selling guns again? 
 MMFlint Fuck u Moore!! Go back to making poorly rated movies for DVD bins at Walmart ! Call your sister Rosie and she can help you...
Just had the most trash  Walmart deli chicken. Gross
Nothing makes me uncomfortable like greeters at Walmart
Dear  Walmart
Fuckyou 4 cancelling my  SNESClassic preorder only to open them ina few days. Pls block me so I dnt have 2 see ur ugly tweets
just went to walmart with my ma and she threw a helmet in the cart and said "in case you want to take a shower again"
It's so hard for me to spend less than 100 in Walmart every time I go 😭
I'm got expensive taste, and by that I mean I won't shop at Walmart for produce 😷
new hair bought to you by Walmart hair dye and a lack of impulse control 
I love how you talk shit on Cody Johnson's music then go buy yourself a pair of Walmart boots to wear at his show the weekend after
Gucci vs. Walmart
 RoadTripNeverStartedParty 
I just spent  100 in Walmart on nothing. These grocery prices are getting out of hand lmao
 Walmart For years, I have LOVED your pizza. Idk what you did with it, but it is DISGUSTING now. Why change a good tasting pizza?
Walmart, what is up? 😦 
 قسم_المشتروات Munchkin Click Lock Sippy Cup 2-Pack for  3 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the... 
my concept of 'rich kids' was SERIOUSLY SKEWED by how poor my school was. The 'rich kids' were the ones who went to JC Penney, not Walmart.
In the USA you can buy  CannabisOil from  walmart, but in Australia,  AUSPOL makes sick kids suffer on..  epilepsy

 قسم_المشتروات Munchkin Click Lock Sippy Cup 2-Pack for  3 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the 
 __GoodGoneBad__ Walmart lol
Throw a cashier trainee on the line during rush without any actual training  wic  Walmart
OKSDDKJG HE LOOKS LIKE A WALMART SUGAR DADDY ITS KINDA HOT 
 kalpal40  Katiebell331 I feel like a kid who loses their family in Walmart
 mkayitsdavid Target Walmart and meijer. I need it all
Im at Walmart and I hear someone playing spaceship coupe on their phone so naturally I was like 💃🏻💃🏻💃🏻💃🏻 down the aisles  jtimberlake
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Novi, MI 
Walmart Issues Massive Announcement –  
if you can't go to walmart with me at 2:30 in the morning, you not the one for me boo
R u ever like hm my period is like a week late,, then all of a sudden ur cramps have u doubled over in the middle of Walmart, bc wOw
EverStart PowerSport Battery, Group Size ES20LBS - 
Star Wars Sphero BB-8 App-Enabled Droid  64 Walmart In-Store YMMV - 
OMFG. I AM IN WALMART AND LISTEN TO WHAT THEY ARE PLAYING. 
there is NO STRAWBERRY MILK at WALMART what the FUCK
Me during Walmart runs. 
Idc what anyone says "Sir Carter" is literally the Walmart brand of "Saint West" and it's terrible 
One blaster of platinum at Walmart so figured why not. First a judge and then an upside down card 😱 
I really came to Walmart and forgot what I came to get 🙂 wtf
I remember seeing that first one in Walmart and thinking wow... 
Who trying to go to Walmart with me that's in Flint? lol 😂
 RoadTripTV WDW has made it bigger than you in 9 months than you have in 2 years right? You only went to Logan to g… 
Smartphone Apple iPhone 7 256GB de R  4357.14 por R  3699.0
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
 liamkausten Defo walmart
 AmyMek  flgal4trump  Walmart Whats wrong with Michigan allowing this crap to get started in first place everyone s… 
I checked shop rite I'm on my way to Walmart that's what popped up on google lol 
I liked a  YouTube video Road rage incident turns into fist fight in Walmart parking lot - TomoNews
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Gonzales, LA 
 DFX1701 Congratulations, Dustin! We're happy to celebrate your 20th anniversary with you. Have some cake and party favors! 🎂🎉 -Zoe
 MG__Hammer I completely understand.. I CANNOT wait for the health mart to open.. Safeway and Walmart are both so terrible
 Joe_Ray_103 Fucked up part is that I paid that much at Walmart, it's usually cheaper there but not today lol
 Baasically Walmart has some on sale flower print 10/10 recommend
 doych89  Breyers oh that DOES sound incredible. dammit, a walmart run may be in order
 pacmantiggy21 That's how it is with the 1st one...I did a lot of Walmart, Old Navy, Target and JCPenney..they grow so fast 😏
 PapiSaysYes Get first 3 remastered for  20 at Walmart and Uncharted 4 at GameStop for another  20! I promise you, it's so damn worth it!!!
Enter to win a  50  walmart gift card  giveaway  contest  freethings  gumdrop 
 hmb712 What's that called? We never go to Walmart 😂
chanel vs walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Raleigh, NC 
TFW your cheap walmart black friday HP WinXP laptop from 2002 still boots up, connects, and runs.
Groceries....feels never ending. (  Walmart Supercentre in Oakville, ON) 
i was w/ my mom in walmart and she told me to get milk, 2 min later "TAYLOR GOLT TO CUSTOMER SERVICE"
i get there and she's laughing   me
 theenctr I'll say it with you, FUCK YOU WALMART
*kid running around crazy in Academy*

kids mom: "hey, calm down. this isn't walmart" 😂😂
 AmyMek  flgal4trump  Walmart This should not be allowed inside the USA Sharia anything has no place here.and what… 
Old Ass Walmart Cashier Scanning Shit Slowly & Shit, Wtf
i saw hatsune miku outside walmart
she beat me up and took my wallet

i cant believe i met hatsune miku
LIKE  WALMART HAVE AFTER HOURS YAH NOW 😒😒😒 
It really is an art form at how easily I can lose my mom in Walmart.
i'm bored sooo i'm gonna go to walmart
FREE Rave Hairspray At Walmart!


 MatthewStroud10  donson_jay  whatshaneblogs  alllibertynews  DrTabio29  RSHastingsIV  hokeisit  disturbedsauce… 
 HACmovement I do neeeda go to Walmart lol
So uh these are at walker Walmart 
WALMART WILL BREAK U..................SCHOOLSHOPN
sorry i collapsed in a walmart when landslide came on the radio
 LacePuta Legit less than  5 at Walmart.
I will never move to a city that doesn't have a Walmart or Target in it. I don't trust it and it's too small 😭
Walmart 
If you haven't seen somebody in along time just go to Walmart 😂😂
Thomas Wooden Railway Light up Annie & Claribel  8.86   Amazon & Walmart 
 UnpopularOpinion Walmart got top tier hot wings
Company tonight...dinner for two means I'll use the nice dishes instead of my 6 for  1 Walmart plastic plates...I'm… 
We sorted all of the wax in Walmart in exactly an hour. 
I love when a pillow tells it like it is  Walmart. 
Walked into walmart thinkin "im just gettin one thing", saw BoeingCK TO SCHOOL, turned my ass right around and got a cart
I love my job that I'm so anxious to start my shift  walmart
 9x19 If people just wore  10 Walmart specials, I'd never say a thing about it.
When bae get off I gotta go to walmart
 Walmart Now Sells A  Cannabis  Rosin  Press  industrial  concentrates  extracts  CloudN9neDabs  GanjaG0d  marijuana
Struggling Mom Found Hope Taped To A Tree In A Walmart Parking Lot 
This nigga Trey be taking forever to get ready like we going to the club but we only going to Walmart 😒
 Richie_The_Folf Walmart doesn't even go that far xD ahahaha unlike some other corporations that give the illusion… 
Hey  walmart when you going to bring these to Tulsa? Thier not selling here and I want one :( 
Amazon dominance will backfire, Fmr. Walmart USA CEO says - Fox Business 
my tia wants me to go to walmart & after saying no 47 times she said " if you go i'll make you tacos"... looks like i'm going to walmart
Idk why  Walmart is trying to play me into paying 3¢ more/sheet for the exact same product 
Foster Mom Takes 3 Kids To Walmart, Gets To Young Cashier In Line And Says, ‘I’m Sorry’ 
 Chrisspymakeup Back to school commercials always remind me of me trying to get the most Lisa Frank gear at WalMart
This young man displayed true boldness and spoke out!

Imagine the world filled with people like this! 
I was sniffing coco butter at Walmart and it went straight up my nostril 😂😂😂
Don't forget to laugh at your embarrassing moments in life. Like when you slip in Walmart and fall into the chips 😅😂
 TheClassyYinzer A professor at IUP always told us if you are ever feeling low go to a walmart parking lot at 5:00 am
everyday   walmart   6:31 pm Whitney Huston comes on
I just wanna go to Walmart and print pictures out ... I'm so bored
fabric shower curtains walmart on  bloglovin
 JenBxrton Lets see... Destiny2 is bullshit, Nintendo asking Walmart to cancel ALL snes classic pre-orders, Nintend… 
How he rolls around Walmart 💙💙 
I'm at Walmart rn buying groceries & I s2g if 1 more child  runs out in front of my heavy ass cart the momentum WILL run them the fuck over
 thesearesongs  _lizharvey tbh, and i said this a lot, i think shitty nylon walmart clown tim curry works better th… 
Just went from the new house to Walmart without getting on the highway.. I think I'll like that.
I always feel like I need a shower after leaving the Walmart in Pascagoula... 😷
 _torreskaii Lol no it's not, btw take your picture at Sam's or Walmart it's cheaper
This  7 bottle of wine from  Walmart is ranked as one of the best in the world!🍷 via  POPSUGARFood
Every Walmart Is Poorly Managed
 Kinah_KM3 way better and large selection than HMV and walmart just carries the same albums which i already have. 3… 
 amazon  Walmart maybe wal mart can get my stuff to me on time without having to pay a membership
Mass, ceviche for lunch, Walmart stop, and a good snooze! Thanks be to God!  catholic
 Kinah_KM3 i used to go to HMV and walmart, but since HMV closed, they replaced it with this canadian record store… 
I absolutely hate Walmart....I went in only to get my nails touched up ,in guess what ?I started school shopping
 beechloren02 try to get kicked out of Walmart.
I went to Walmart and didn't get everything I wanted 🙄 I hate spending cash on food
Check out my video 💥 Christmas Tree Shops, TJ Maxx, & Walmart ☆ CANDLE, WAX + BEAUTY HAUL

 JoshTHowell Agreed, Josh! Money saved? Check. ✔️ Time saved? Check. ✔️ It can't get better than that! 🛒 -Zoe
 Walmart why has it been 5 months since I sent my ring in for a resize and I still haven't received it 😐
 wtf  walmartsucks
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Bakersfield, Calif 
I went to a Walmart with a McDonald's connected into it and then when I got in my car I realized I didn't get any chicken nuggets :(
 jakepaul you might want to rethink your opinion on who's the walmart one direction 🤔 RoadTripTV  whydontwemusic  RoadtripNeverStartedParty
 tcsorr  PPact  Walmart WalMart doesn't prescribe them. You can buy them there, sure. But who is writing your prescription?
I'm a miss all the ass that be seen around Walmart 😅
They disrespected tf outta my sister at the Walmart on Wilkinson. Stg if I was there it woulda been another story.
Walmart's Facial Recognition Tech Would Overstep Boundaries - Forbes 
Theres some fine ass women working at this Walmart
How tf Walmart ain't got nor more cabbage . Wtf
 QueenOfAllGods /always the Walmart
 lauryngraceeee How are you a hoe for standing in Walmart
my mom verbally attacked the cashier at Walmart because she said "wow you're mom doesn't pay for anything of yours?" nope she doesn't 🙃
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God via the  FoxNews App 
 Deliriums_Fish  PPact If PP is so good why does such small % utilize it?  Walmart has 12 prescribed BC meds for  9or less per month
 misstrinity3n1  MeanCatholic Walmart. I got notebooks, sticky notes, a planner, and nice pens for less than  15 
I swear I hate Walmart so much.
Just sometimes 😂😂  villtalk  longline  cashier  walmart  store  roadtrip  roadrage 
 ChrisFranjola Went to Walmart today, just for you.  Boring experience compared to yours!  HA!!!
So my parents left me at Walmart and now I have to wait for them to pick me up
 HerobyTrial // The sketchy Walmart where I live xD
 ParkerKane46  CaraDalton13  SenatorCollins  jaketapper  CNNSotu Get them better freakin jobs in better economy so… 
Just when I thought we were out of the "My House" phase, Walmart has to go ahead and plug Flo Rida in their commercials  Killit
 TheBomBrittney Not just "Totes fresh", but also totes adorbs on that bag! We're glad you enjoyed trying Walmart Gr… 
I don't feel like going to Walmart but I have to .
BWW>Walmart Chicken>Wendy's spicy nuggets>Wing Stop 
 Chatman_Jay Yeah, this is a cheapo Walmart one, but it's adequate.
*Avery walks into people's cart
Me: Avery! You can't just walk into people's carts
Guy: It's Walmart! Do what you want!
 Walmart I think I'll pass on buying a fish today. 
 alozraT  megynkelly Whoops!  Well, she can always get a job modeling for Walmart stores 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
 fdc_rokninja  bahnism Man take them to walmart it's in the 5 dollar bin damn it
I litterally almost ran someone over at Walmart wtf who gave me a license?
 fsolomon75  MDWDFW By the WalMart on 78 in Wylie (not the one right by us).
UNLOCK GoPhone + BestBuy + Walmart PrePaid Phone -  
Walmart craft section, really any craft section/store. I just got some pretty craft string. 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Westworth Village, TX 
Hispanics just dropped a cool  600 in Walmart.  175 on clothes. So I been in like for 20 mins .. just off that
Walmart one direction?? More like the walmart version of Why Don't We🤧😩✋
 RoadTripNeverStartedParty 
 ___eccX3 Walmart and text me
i sent my mom my care package list and she goes would you like me to send you walmart instead?
I swear Walmart is like the devil's playground
 KailynReagan Dollar tree** Walmart is a bit high priced 😂
someone please take me to Walmart
Look what I found at Walmart  Bri_Prevail  eric_prevail   IPrevailBand 
In Walmart house shopping with Bae ...
Also in WalMart I saw what looked like a four year old wearing a "I speak fluent sarcasm" t shirt, I really find that hard to believe
I saw the most Indie looking boy in Walmart I was in love in that moment
 rw11279  RoseAnnDeMoro  OurRevolution  ShaunKing  jimmy_dore  kthalps  BernieSanders  SenSanders  MarkRuffalo… 
"We're gonna put a McDonalds inside of a Walmart."

-William Penn
 stephw0472 I agree. The TV way too much. I just bought a laptop for  129 at Walmart .
Safe Inside Portable Security Case for  11 + pickup at Walmart 
Comcast Xfinity is a horrible company I only wish they didn't " Walmart" other area internet providers 39.99 for 11MBPs sucks! bad company
We need a Publix of the airline industry. Instead, we have a whole bunch of Walmart airlines
Greetings Twitter,
Currently we are focused on the two companies (Amazon and Walmart) and their effort to be the leader in ....
Don't even invite me to hang out unless we plan on getting banned from a Walmart
 GeorgeTakei not surprising. She needs to grow up and do something substantial with her life, like being a Walmart greeter.
Loving today's lesson from Crush soda "How to get a  5 Walmart eGift Card". See our promo at 
 Meggles_xoxo That's awesome, Megan! Nothing beats the sweet, delectable taste of Oreo O's. Mmmmm...crunchy. -Zoe
 marygerdt  adkaromatherapy  pb_joan  Kkigar  BrightMoments  spacedfairy  KitBTV  firstuubtv  GoodwillIntl  Walmart… 
I liked a  YouTube video TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART! (COPS CAME)😨🚓
happy birthday! i'm still sorry i didn't invite you to walmart that one time 😂❣️  _jaredsilvas10
I'm at  Walmart in San Diego, CA 
somebody make a butter krisp run and bring some donuts to walmart 🤒😅
I was at Walmart and he said "omw" and he actually sent me a snap saying "wya" but I'm home now ☹️
"Why Don't We is the Walmart one direction"
who has the British accents? who has the American accents? What I thought.  RoadTripIsOverParty
Y'all know where I can find good accent pillows for my living room? Walmart ain't for me
 lilshitpost  ky9er No kyler flexes walmart
 wobblystan Throwback memory to the time I saw an open can of viena sausages in Walmart.
Are they still selling  Pepsi fire at  Walmart ? I need a couple cases!!
Dear  Walmart. Would you ask women leaving the store if you can  Check Their Purse. After I pay for merchandise it's my personal property.
SEGA explained Walmart's Non-Existent Roy Nintendo™ amiibo while searching for Mother 3
I entered the  GoAndGrowAtWalmart &  SheSpeaksUp giveaway for a custom photo book from Walmart Photo (
Wish I would've never taken alondra to walmart because now she is in such a bad mood 😅🙃
WET N WILD HIGHLIGTERS IN STOCK AT WALMART AT ZARAGOZA!!!!!!
A walmart employee just told me I dropped my pocket..... and I actually checked and embarrassed myself in front of a group of people yay
Stepped in chocolate pudding in the Walmart in portales and had to walk around barefoot 🤦🏼‍♀️💩
 94hersheysbaby Lmaoo no I missed him hella much , I've been holding him all day lol plus that hoe at Walmart was annoying
Ima take you on a date to Walmart — As long as I get to ride inside the basket imma be ... 
Walmart’s got you if you need luck or love. 😂 

“Alleged Lucky Flame Candle” is my fave part. 😛  witchcraft  humor 
 RoadTripTV  LoganPaul You guys are the Walmart Why Don't We
For those that believe, we know that He uses every single individual for some purpose at any given point in time. 
 KillerQueenVGC these were at walmart. I forgot to check target 
 timfossett98  swiddd when he threw me into the recycling bin at Walmart 
Ryan just screamed that I farted in the Walmart parking lot. I hate him
i'm that kid that finds a football in a walmart and tells you to go long
I was telling Lexx about my Walmart story & she rudely interrupted 🙁🤷🏽‍♀️
I can never find anything in the Walmart near campus bc of this. 
Im finna have me a walmart sugar mama by the end of August.
This lady in walmart stopped me to ask me what part of Africa am I from ...
 MattBotset Woohoo! You found us! Thanks for stopping by to snap a pic of the Walmart blimp.💯 👍 -Zoe
I have to go to Walmart wish me luck
The  Shocking, Unmatched Pains That  WalMart Took to Avoid  Unions
 COVERUP  DECEPTIONS  CURRENTEVENTS 
 Vannah_Right Walmart 😂😂😂
I liked a  YouTube video (CREEPY!) 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT WALMART FORT ⏰ | CHASED BY SCARY SECURITY (ALARM WENT
Who told me to come to walmart knowing school start tomorrow 🙄
RoadtripTV is the Walmart Why Don't We.  RoadTripNeverStartedParty  JonahMarais  ImZachHerron  jackaverymusic  SeaveyDaniel  corbynbesson
Dear  Walmart_Store what's the point of p/u later today if the local store won't get it ready?  sevenhoursnow  FirstWorldProblems
A  Walmart may save you money but they are in no hurry to take your money!! Lines out the wazoo!!!
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart is fun v2
Boy me and nana was supposed to meet at Walmart & I can't find the lady lol
Never thought I would say this but.... I wanna go to walmart
i really gotta stop shopping at walmart, i waited 40 fucking minutes in line, both people infront of me took for god damn ever
Going to Walmart when I look bad and seeing everyone I could possibly think of. 
What's  your mood?  disneyland  beachtime  costco  walmart  famlife… 
I understand when you gotta go you gotta go, but you don't have to grunt in this Walmart public bathroom miss
 idatchica87  Walmart IntelliDent Toothbrush Shield Disposable Toothbrush Shields, 10 ct


GUYS I CAN BUY CANVAS FROM WALMART 😂 
Casually strolling through Walmart and walked past a man with a swastika tattoo... why
can't talk if we can't be headass in walmart
My brother and I are shopping at Walmart for stuff for our new house/apartment.
 birdhseinyrsoul welcome to RedneckVille USA, may we offer u a beer can served from a truck bed in a Walmart parking lot
 haylieee_white Road trip is the Walmart one direction. They even look like them too
im in Walmart looking like who did it & why . 🤦🏽‍♀️
 idatchica87  Walmart Only online. You can find the at 
Me gustó un video de  YouTube demi lovato & joe jonas wouldn't change a thing 2010 walmart soundcheck
Currently in a Walmart with an escalator.  ThisIsAmerica 🇺🇸
it always seems to amaze me that Walmart has like a billion registers but only one open :/
 DadBurnett7 Wow! You saved a lot! Thanks for shopping with us. -Zoe
A  5 Walmart trip QUICKLY turned into spending about  50 🤦🏽‍♂️ smh. I'm NEVER going back... until I need something else lol
i can't go to walmart bc i got caught stealing pizza rolls 
 OKBromo I blocked her and her  4 Walmart box hair color
 PRT  PainRelief  Excedrin Migraine Geltabs 2 Pk Pain Reliever/Pain 
 Bo_Dirt_ Ohhh haha!! Walmart and Sams Club!
Can someone explain why  SunbeltBakery granola bars are never in the granola bar aisle?  HyVee  Walmart
 Walmart  walmarthelp hey are you guys gonna be getting a restock of the Oreo o's cereal? Been looking to get them
2017 Elite Football Ezekiel Elliott Spell Bound "T" Walmart Exclusive Green SSP! Sooooo... 
Register Now, bid to save up to 99%. Fun promos await!
Brands: Walmart Gift Cards, Samsung, Apple.
>>>… 
 mkobach  Y_Mark_Y  Bonobos  bonobosninjas Could be an interesting distribution efficiency play. Walmart is distrib… 
How Walmart not have frisbees
Trying to figure out why the restrooms at this Walmart always smell like wet dogs
 KailynReagan more like Walmart The Wanted 🤢
Uknow ur store SUCKS when customers utter, "maybe we should've gone to  Walmart .." ~ Lady of couple passing us in  Meijer  jeffersonville
An old lady just came up to me in Walmart and started braiding my hair and idk I thought it was the cutest thing
Remember when Walmart had the lobster tanks? Those were the shit.
 KovachSydney For real! Did you find anything you'd like for the new college season? 📐 📚 -Zoe
Fuck it Walmart run with the kid 🤷🏽‍♀️
 sooatwoo  mediapolitic  stevekraske Walmart has more of an interest in not sickening customers, their food quality… 
Screw you interwebs. Walmart had what I was looking for.
 DailyCaller Wall won't stop Walmart from TRUCKING them in ! HAHA
WALMART MATCHUP 7/29 - 8/12
SAVE on Nutella, Pace, Frigo Cheese, Kleenex, Lysol, Colgate, BIC, Crayola & more!

 BrittanyUSABoom  66ssur  realDonaldTrump  gatewaypundit Shut down Walmart and the see how they like it
 jazzi_mack  morgancasey24 walmart has bikes
 janesays420 Can't wait to try this!! Is it on shelves now  Walmart now? Or only online?
 nirvball2813 And Walmart has a bunch of Disney clothes on clearance right now too
Image from ToyWatch Toy Mr Hyde Red and Leopard - 
WALMART HAS A SUPRISE FOR YOU
 MsAvaStClaire Love how you keep it real. Can't wait for the pic of you wearing that Walmart dress while trying out… 
 Antny2X Nah, you calling! You be in Gucci shirts and I be in Walmart.
 JohnTDolan  tedhood16 I hear Walmart is hiring greeters! 😲😉
I love Purell.  It is already on my daughter's backpack for school.  No school supply list yet.  PURELL  GotItFree  Get yours at Walmart
Dread Walmart trips 😤😩
 Walmart I made a purchase of this product recently at a local Walmart and was charged tax. Still have the receipt,… 
 BecauseOfMarais  RoadTripTV  LoganPaul Like Walmart has all styles and it's cheaper
 Dat_Dude_Rell  Arsonall I was in Walmart.
 benchten Trump's the heartless owner inside on a JazzyChair and America is the labradoodle suffocating in a Yugo i… 
Walked 10 miles today kms. 
1) to Walmart just for a USB 
2) walk back home -_-
3) I can barely walk 
4) my moms pissed lololol
5) I'm tired
Wow, Walmart had all summer to call me for a job and they just now do it.
I wonder if there's a Freudian theory behind the number spot you choose at the  Walmart grocery pick up...  MineChangesEveryTime  TodayImOne
 juliekellyroge1 the reason I ask is bc he was told they had a  mgrs meeting & the answer was no. My atty said that was  incorrect  Walmart
 GentryTrotter Walmart has a thing where you can fix that right then and there.
 ironspjdey takin my ass to walmart tf
 voidwolfie walmart 👀😩
 notemmalee They were on the clearance rack at Walmart.  You thought I was about to pass that shit up?
Walmart confirms it’s canceling every single SNES Classic preorder: The horror ​ On Friday it…… 
 MarandaDeshae14 goodwill, Walmart, and a store that was going out of business!
No Trade with China = No Walmart = No Trump Voters  rallyTheBase 
OH MY GOD THEY'RE PLAYING FUCKING ROUNDABOUT IN WALMART
I hate when my cousin take the way around by McDonalds just to go to Walmart 🙄
I wonder if people go to Target to ask if they can fix something they bought at Amazon, but pay Walmart for the monthly subscription 🙃🙃
Walmart should really have an express lane tho
I’m. In. Love. With. This. Type R. 😍🤤  

thanks to the girl   Walmart for letting me take pics of her car! 
Are you from Walmart ? Cause you are great value to me hehe 
I could walk around Walmart for hours
 fedoraman1994 You're welcome! -Zoe
 realDonaldTrump Why would an insurance company want to sell in a community in the south where everyone buys there… 
Chanel vs Walmart 
 LarryIsReal 
your amiibo wasnt at walmart yesterday im sorry ........ 
 JayteHamilton Not gonna lie today at Walmart I saw a water bottle that plays music
Paw Patrol Action Pack Pup and Badge, Apollo the Super Pup - 
Hey  Walmart ! How about switching to a plastic bag that doesn't give out once you put more than a pack of gum in it.  AlwaysLowQuality
I know most of you heard the news, that you can shop online at Walmart  and go to the store and they will bring... 
Also trip back to Walmart cuz my mom feels guilty cuz the cashier didnt checked an 30 pesos item.
 AshMcheck saw some motherfucker sweeping the floor in a new hampshire walmart wearing a damn utili-kilt
It was a handful of moms at Walmart that could get the whole pipe
Exults CEO Zach Hoffman Explains Why Sears Can’t Compete with Amazon and Walmart 
I typically hate myself after leaving Walmart or Target. Shit okay basically anywhere I can spend money.
 KeithOlbermann  ChrisChristie  ChrisChristie Did Walmart not have pants that reached your shoulders? Only got up to your man boobs, huh?
My mom was super pissed off at a jerk in Walmart parking lot, she waited for him to be far enough so she could shout: "Stupid!" At him😂
 headdwya Walmart got it it's just not blue bell 😭😭😂 that bihh still good tho
Prople love to rob from Walmart
"Wanna go loiter at Walmart or something?"-croquet  emilyblackwell_
So today at work, danielle was super grumpy and was greeting people and I told her she looked like a Walmart greeter
 mego_rex We had a case around me recently of a mother leaving her child in the car at Walmart. In that case though… 
When u only wear the  5 shorts at Walmart and they have them for  3  blessed
 KENNEDY2UGH is Walmart classy to begin with
I scan Walmart more for people I know than for what I'm there for
Crayola 128-Piece Letter Magnet Set Just  9! Down From…  Back_To_School_Deals  Instagram  Walmart  Crayola  deal
Things you find at walmart... 
Walmart knows what's up  BTS_twt 
OK has anyone seen the "time of my life" Walmart commercial? Amazing. The little guy falling asleep and letting go of his balloon? BRILLIANT
 juliekellyroge1 it's  Walmart fuck it he's been there 17 years they cut him to 32 hrs
 TaylorSwift  Music Taylor Swift  CD &  DVD - Beautiful Eyes - Walmart Exclusive  CD/ DVD - NEW, SEALED… 
Me: asks little kid how his day is going in Walmart 
Little kid: I pooped my pants today
Me: ....
I be telling y'all niggas that tryna get at these hoes on twitter ain't the mood ...Catch her ass in Walmart not around her friends
I enjoy my walks... now to Irving by McDonald's from Walmart... another 3.33 miles down! <3 :D
Mines was horrible I was sick everyday bruh.. Walmart didn't even want me there lol 
I hate Walmart!
 HOWBTCOWBOYS  Walmart 1, but it got canceled
i'm the walmart version obviously cause i ain't british 
I just saw a condom in the parking lot of Walmart. Classy.
Walmart has Switch's in stock... 
Are there any eclipse glasses available at Walmart before August 21
 TillyCapsFan It's in the organic section at the Giant I shop at and in with the ice cream at Walmart
 KillaOreo So I may not have my DS fixed but there is a really pretty galaxy edition of the new 3DS at Walmart and I'm trying to get it
walmart online pick up in your car
 Remember to support our communities 
and be sure you're in the website… 
This lady followed me and my boyfriend around Walmart because she didn't like the shirt he was wearing
I hate Walmart 😡
 medinagaly_ Walmart finesse people all the time lmao
 nicole__hoyle Literally me in Walmart today.
 MelodyLayne68 At Walmart which is where this is posted they had translators in three different languages with no r… 
Why do Walmarts in NoVA have so many [musty] international customers?! Then again, it is Walmart and there's no reason for me to be there.
I found  heyimbee at Walmart 
 Imstadiumguy Just a 5pointed screwdriver to open the phone, everything else is a tiny philips head


 MisheylaIwasiuk Go for the American Walmart sponsorship. They have liquor stores.
 FatKidDeals  Walmart got the L for that one. but 29th was supposed to be the official release date by  Walmart in the email.  fakenews
 niiqule yes.  5 at Walmart. whata steal
IM IN WALMART & I JUST SCFEAMRD 
She buying frozen packs in Walmart and selling 2/ 5. 😂
Josh met Miss Jenna, a sweet  Walmart employee. She also has  autism & totally gets him. We're honored to make her… 
It took four Targets, a Toys R Us, and a Walmart to unite the League. BvS Superman is in the place of JL Superman.… 
i accidentally stole makeup from walmart cuff me
Order Buy Zestra local  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid… 
When you're trying to use a Target gift card at Walmart and the cashier rudely tells you that you cant 
 whineyassplaystation   Walmart Anderson - Charles St 
me getting ready to walk into walmart 
Today in Walmart I was told I have nice Pussy eating lips.
Walmart  - 
I'm high as hell in Walmart and there's so much noise boy I am overstimulated
I work at a restaurant yet went to Walmart to buy peanut butter for PB&J🤷🏻‍♂️
 bachmanetti Come to Virginia I can walk into my Walmart any time of day and get it
 Think4Freedom  CaraDalton13  SenatorCollins  jaketapper  CNNSotu Hyde Act (1977) no taxpayer money for abortions.… 
Cute necks in Walmart have 3 carts loaded down with alcohol...where y'all staying I'm coming over 😜
 ChuckTheCondor  Walmart  KelloggsUS 2-for-1 deal for you, my friend. Shipping free 
 cayleytuck33 😂 I got one of the shirts, the skirt, and 2 of the dresses at goodwill. Other dress from Walmart.
Crosman Wadcutter .177 Caliber 7.4gr Airgun Pellets, 1,250ct - 
 loni_lani Still Kan... I Don't Play Sports, Jus buy me a deluxe box of baggies & 8pack gatorades frm Walmart 🤣🤣
We were allowed to have a Walmart run after dinner but I'm laying down instead. This defines me as a person
 moneyskywalker Go get a couple the  1- 2 ones from walmart ,
 PkmnRangerRyan  TEEZBabyCakes  Walmart // it's primarily because a bunch of people abused a  1.25/ 1.50 Guardians… 
I'm at  Walmart in Sunrise, FL 
 realDonaldTrump As I walked thru the Walmart store today looking at the prices. I thought omg! There's whats wrong. All bad deals.
 CozmoLAGalaxy  Walmart  KelloggsUS How can I buy one? Lol!!
Today on squad trips to Walmart: Charity almost wipes out old lady with mini box of cereal
 ReTweet  VideoGame  PSP  8GB Memory Stick Micro Media + M2 Duo 
Trying to print pictures at Walmart but trying to not let the people behind you see all the weird pics you have on your phone 🤷🏻‍♀️
 brian_littrell It was a phenomenal!!! My first meet and greet, (excluding Walmart in Arkansas in 97) and y'all were so sweet and welcoming!
Save  1.00 on ONE (1) KC MASTERPIECE Barbecue Sauce Item (18 oz. or larger) Redeemable at Walmart.  Coupons
this the walmart version, khike moury 
People of Walmart July 2017  1 
Why on earth are there only 6 lanes out of 20 open the evening before  backtoschool tomorrow?  Walmart.  Terrible  business practice.
I was told we were going to my grandparents house. WHY ARE WE AT WALMART.
The "privileged" woman responded with "I'm not gonna come into Walmart screaming like some "backwoods ghetto inbred"
"does walmart sell wigs"
If you want to get rid of the crime in America we must install Black women Snipers on top of every Walmart super stores roof.
85%of products sold byWalmart are made in china, cause walmart's policy is to bankrupt local producers by not allowing them to sell anything
 JTArchives Walmart is clearancing out the smart R2D2 for  34.99 with batteries...FYI. 
Every time I go to Walmart I almost get hit because people have still yet to realize how that intersection works
Facebook post calls out suspects in Bellingham Walmart gaming console swap 
most of you heard the news,shop online at Walmart, go to the store, they bring it to your car. Walmart (click… 
Walmart, Sprouts and the 99 cent store run is done. Ready for my nap
I don't know why people stand so close to me in Walmart. Like gtf.
 AskAmex i had to return a item to walmart when will i get money put back on card
How is every Walmart out of the toothbrush I use? Madison's next
I'm   Walmart and I just saw season 1 & 2 of Tokyo Ghoul in DVD I'm in tears
Rowdy wins  KyleBusch drinking  Budweiser  Walmart  10 bathing suit 👙 
Socks are only  9.48 for 10 pair! Please help!... 
ok now I'm rlly about to go to Walmart to get myself some face masks ! Thanks Mitch
do you think love can bloom in walmart at 2 am?
Overheard on the scanner: 'Can we not call them Security?'
'Oh, yeah. Observers at Walmart.'
I just had the weirdest encounter at Walmart
Coolest Walmart find in awhile! STEAM in the kitchen!  TCEcardinals 
There's hella Filipinos that work at Walmart damn
I spend more time at walmart than at home 😭
Going to walmart with yo lil brother😂😂wtf he doing
 Walmart Why can't you get your crap together and have enough cashiers at the Indianapolis Pendleton Pike location? This is ridiculous. 😑
Wichita needs at least one more Walmart
Only Walmart will have the population of a small country in the store with a handful of lanes open.
BoeingCK TO SCHOOL WALMART HAUL: July / August 2017: via  YouTube
Look what I found in Walmart!
 TheMilesLuna  kerryshawcross  IAmLindsayJones  bdunkelman 
 realDonaldTrump Went to Walmart today cause it has stuff I need the other stores don't carry. Couldn't find a better deal..
 ChefResha When my son was 2 we where  at Walmart. my son said excuse me why are you so ugly to the cashier.  I hav… 
It Must suck to work at Sanger Walmart ...
Now I gotta go to Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️ 
The Kansas City walmart got some cute ass clothes 😂😂😂
Buys pleather, dyes it, doesn't work. Tries different method, nope. Goes to Walmart just to find the right colored pleather 🙃🔥🔥🔥
Finding someone who can open this cabinet is harder than finding waldo 😡  Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart's CEO on the Impact of Globalization and Culture
unos rednecks me sabrosearon afuera de un walmart ???? if i wanted pink dick i would fuck a dog, jeremy
 POPSUGARHome  Walmart Cute stuff
Curious George Storybook Collection (CGTV) Hardcover  5.14   Amazon or Walmart w/ Pickup Discount 
 _MallyMaal  KinggLeonidas44 Meet at heights Walmart right now
Going to Walmart and knowing u don't gotta buy that school bullshit>>>>>>>>>>
 CNN nah, they could do a few more skits of Spicy in hiding, or on a new job as Walmart greeter...LOL
Listen to Employee Of The Month - Lil Walmart by Coty K.  np on  SoundCloud 
I'll have some of the two parents fighting in Walmart is like the start of a family guy chicken fight
walks into target "omg im a second class citizen plz don't look   me."

walks into walmart "THESE ARE MY PPL 🙏❤🙏."
Walmart just canceled all the SNES Classic pre-orders: Last Friday, a lot of people felt a rush of relief when they… 
FREE Rave Hairspray At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** FREE Rave Hairspray At ... 
Walmart haul, pls subscribe to my channel. 
Awkward conversations in Walmart make me want to die
no i just shop at walmart & target  khoa_nguyen  kerenswan 
 Psalmus_ Nice. So you got it from Walmart?
i absolutely hate going to walmart
Glory Be to God! 🙌 Thank you for working out your goodness in a  Walmart through Nicholas Tate! 👊

 JesusWins
 
i invite you to walmart with me everyday do you love it???  Rae_Fitting 
We're lit just going to Walmart and my grandma's making us wait until she puts on makeup 
 mariasandlee ❤️❤️ I miss our Walmart and Target runs 😭
Walmart Issues Massive Announcement 
Screaming "FOR NARNIA!" in Walmart and knocking down random things off shelves... YOLO
Walmart confirms it’s canceling every single SNES Classic preorder: The horror ​ On… 
Bought two packs from Walmart and each had my very first GX cards 🙌🏻🙏🏻😩  HBomb94  PokemonIsLife 
You make  8 an hour don't worry about me stealing. You should be stealing!, bitch keep following me around the store smh  gosteal  Walmart
Walmart is like a scared straight program for people who don't want to go to the gym
Chicken paws? Walmart sells chicken feet as chicken paws! No thanks.
Just left Walmart. My visit reminded me how friendly its employees are and how much pride they take in their jobs. /s
Also PSA: Berlin Walmart has fall candles out 🍁 🍂🦃 🎃
 ddmaycare2 I go to Walmart for one thing only...Blue Bunny ice cream.  Only store in Bay Area that I know carries half gallons.
 jeff_gluck The 'spicy' at the end of this tweet just made me laugh awkwardly loud in the middle of Walmart 😂😂😂
Join 6 people right now at "Back to School Deals at Target & Walmart"  cheers  shopping  deals  bargains  sales…… 
there's a little girl crying in the school supplies section at Walmart, girl me too lmfao
Note to self: do not go to Walmart during back to school season.
The Walmart in South Carolina has an airbrushing place in in just like the one at the Dirt Mall.  _pistol8  johnisttot  JobberJoe
Glory be to God! Wonderful young man listened to God! 
 morgspoon I was literally just at Walmart
"Aunt Nicki, how's New York City? I love Walmart!" - my 5 year old nephew
I found  Simba at walmart. You can buy your own for  20 
DELAYED FROM 1454/ CAMBRIDGE/ 2775 DORCHESTER SQAURE MALL/ WALMART/ SMOKE IN BUILDING
Classic  Walmart  2062 trying
 2 locate office items, I ? an employee do U work here he responds, yes but I'm on lunch!  Nick_Vera
what are our thoughts on suave shampoo..bc I was using suave from Walmart for a while too but not anymore lmao
Maccas run? How about a  WalmartRun instead! Check out our same-day grocery pick up service today… 
 TambourKing Ah yes, the flame thrower weed be gone. Available at your local walmart 😃😄
 PatriotCzar  JohnTDolan  Marines4MAGA  SenJohnMcCain  Walmart Our VA hosp (75 mi) so busy they opened a clinic jus… 
It be them babies in Walmart 🤤
 carolynnnjeanne  Walmart Not fucking cool, Walmart.
 Lovablejerk07  nikkihaley Tell Walmart...
Woke up to pickups at Walmart 💰🦅🤣
People of Walmart never changes no matter where you go 😂
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Loss Prevention Stops A Customer Who Paid For All Her Items & Accuses Her Of
Warning! Walmart and Others Selling These Contaminated Products via  Freedom Health News
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God.

I got a fruit bowl from Walmart one time and almost threw that trash out the window.
 _ardnuek At Walmart with mama .
 bitchmam69 That niggas in a local Walmart somewhere 
Next to WalMart, we saw the the restaurant. They have the Mexican stew we crave for. This trip we ordered lunch pla… 
 MaxineWaters Mutually exclusive issues. Silly tweet. Job fair coming up at Walmart...if you get in, you can do something useful?
 dosafyre  algore  aitruthfilm  MayorOfLA  LiveTalksLA  Walmart  amazon  Google  Apple  Microsoft That's awesome. W… 
I met this couple while I was working & they were from my town. They ended the convo with "See you at Walmart!" It's so true it hurts.
 16- 35+/Hour Companies Such As Walmart Hiring: (Apply Here)  Boardman  BoardmanOR  FindDreamJobs  jobsearch  hiring
 VonKnowledge  erwingerrits  LeoDiCaprio  Google  Microsoft  amazon  Apple  Starbucks  IKEA  HP  Walmart And who ar… 
Fruit Punch Pickles are Now a Thing at Walmart 
I love the old Asian man who greets at Walmart 😭😭he's so adorable and told me I had beautiful hair today❤️
Walmart just pissing me off in general, might just say fuck it.
 ffancybottom  Walmart Heeeyyyy so it's super new but no excuses. DM me the store you use. The grocery p/u mgr will… 
 Twilightlove24 oh fun game. My turn. You look like you ask to speak to a manager at Walmart semi-regularly.
This walmart I work at just terrible man. Customers fuckin retarded, management retarded, a nigga was shootin in the parkin lot over a spot
I liked a  YouTube video HOW TO MAKE A WALMART SCOOTER A CUSTOM SCOOTER
 tialyn636 Face it: They're "Grab'em by the pussy" level of stupid. A grand jury might indict a ham sandwich but Wa… 
WALMART GIFT CARD  500 will ship 8/11 
 WickedNerdAngel  Walmart uh take that back
 stephenhunter21 People really don't like Walmart cashiers. Especially Jewish ones... diversity?
purell kills 99.99% of school illness, and can reduce school absenteeism by 50% So here's to the new school year
 purell  gotitfree  walmart
at Walmart, some lady just cut in front of me and asked for clear tape. She got it, stuck it on her forehead and walked away. Da fuck??
New Walmart Men's Grooming Box Just  7.00 - 
Image from Psycho Bunny Mens Classic Red Black Watch PB1001BLKR- 
Walmart Be Looking Like Legends 2.0 on Sundays
Had to replace my mouse because Ive worn it out refreshing  amazon  Walmart &  BestBuy in hopes of seeing live Super NES Classic Pre-orders.
Walmart got some fye ass chicken 😋
Higher gas tax if Walmart gets its way -  dumbwislaw  BadWILaws 
Some Collector fixed Walmart's Mewtwo amiibo during  Nindies
Samsung HG32ND450SG 32 polegadas LED Plana de R  1386.0 por R  1169.0
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Multilaser M7s Wi-Fi 8 GB de R  510.96 por R  229.0
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
help me help you write some better songs bitch
numbers don't lie
roadtrip is shit
and roadtrip is the walmart why don't we
"your lotion is way too expensive, i get mine at Walmart it's way cheaper!"

Yea it's goin 2 give u a Walmart lookin tan too
3observations from vegas
1. Its Fucking hot 
2. Almost every women is attractive
3. No matter were u are in the world walmart attracts trash
Who's the Walmart one direction now?  jakepaul 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 30 Points! WOO HOO!!
One last thing. They said they been there since 12. How walmart gonna kick them out 5 hours later when im tryna get one shiiiit
 Ozzy_Mar So is Walmart I think Walmart is easier
help me help you write some better songs bitch 
numbers don't lie
road trip is shit
and road trip is the walmart wh… 
Safe Inside Portable Security Case for  11 + pickup at Walmart - 
I HAD 2 MINI SANITIZER BOTTLES AND SOME OLD BITCH WITH A CART FULL OF GROCERIES CUT ME IN THE SELF CHECKOUT LINE AT WALMART 😂😂😂
 pinchehonkey  CoryRitter The walmart of giddyup.
My mama say some guy in Walmart called her "auntie" I died!! 😭😂😂 Fucking hate Atlanta lol
 maiuckhaemlple  ChelseaClinton Chelsea needs to go to work maybe at Walmart as a greeter
These immigrants are fuckin' stupid, all believing in the american dream, and then they die at walmart. haha!
I've literally been to Walmart 5 times today
Walmart has the best ranch wings😩😩😩
Lol at me. Grabbed a cute dress and outfit for family dinner. Forgot cute shoes. Walmart flip flops it is
 Dexluger Walmart sell some if you ever do
 jeramye Started sweating walking from Walmart to the car.
 JessieJDecker I have the same cup!  5 at Walmart! I like your style and realness Jessie!
 bailsss01  daggersfool  urbandoll i cant bc u have ur twitter set up so nonfollowerd cant dm,so just google "sulfu… 
i got popcorn chicken from walmart :D
now please enlighten me on what this walmart version of every boy band ever to exist have accomplished please, try again
This time last week I was sitting pretty with my  SNES classic preorder.... damn you  Walmart 😰
My das sent me into Walmart by myself and I felt so overwhelmed by all the responsibility I was just given...
every hispanic/latino man over the age of 35 that comes in to walmart flirts with me
I'd rather shop at the 99cent store if this is what Walmart and Chanel are serving. 
We got The People of Walmart now we're going to have The Books of Walmart... same same 
My only wish today is that I don't see anyone I know at Walmart
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist BoeingCK TO SCHOOL WALMART HAUL: July / August 2017
Woman in algood Walmart shopping while wearing sunglasses after 5 pm. It's Walmart. You're not going to class it up by wearing shades.
My Moma a G she skipping the whole Walmart line 😭😭😭
Walmart got me sick as a dog 😒
8. Stores I'd like to die in: T A R G E T, Wawa, Walmart, 7-11
"I am Publix, and she is Walmart, note the difference" 🤔😂
 PunishedAvian The video is a giant southern walmart shopper with a fit young man in chains. And the VO tells the w… 
Image from ToyWatch VELVETY BLACK AND YELLOW VV03BK - 
I've literally been waiting 25 minutes for a propane tank refill at Walmart. This is exactly why I never come here.  worstserviceever
 WWETNAfigures  WWEMattelRetro  TOYSPOTTING Still no series 2 of  Mattel  wweretro in Connecticut  wewantretro… 
I liked a  YouTube video DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART 2 (INTERCOM PRANK)
Spent my Saturday night at Walmart buying matching toothbrushes with my best friend and shopping for  SHAYkeandQuake and Lani 🤗🤷🏾‍♀️😩🤙🏾😂
oomf said he's gonna nut on a bitch in walmart 
 phadreanna  John_Kain7889 Sounds like Walmart
 little_bigwood  algore  aitruthfilm  MayorOfLA  LiveTalksLA 100% Solar Choice/Green Power...all the big corporatio… 
 businessinsider Congrats. You've invented...the toaster oven. Available at Walmart for  40.
I think it's Walmart's policy to never have anyone to open the fitting room for you
I love walking into the Sango Walmart and seeing Whitney. Like damn, how are you doing my fine little Walmart associate
 cselley Watches are nice if you work outside for durability and not running out of battery. That said, just get a  10 Walmart special.
S-so beautiful..🙈❤️
 SonicBoom  bestbirthdayever 

You can actually order this from Walmart's bakery. 
i should beat every body in this walmart up
 ryannminajj Ryan honey you have to warn me before you drop selfies because now im sCREAMING IN THE MIDDLE OF WALMART
 BoozyBadger  Walmart selling fursuit heads may not be a good idea. Most of us want a unique look that you can't ge… 
the world would be a much classier place without walmart
I really hate when Walmart cars go dead ..
Just saw the finest dude in Walmart
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
 BeebrandedbyGod Is that Walmart brand?
losing ur mom in walmart *that gif of john travolta in pulp fiction*
 TeddyBear_Riggo  MsAvaStClaire Your stereotyping walmart shoppers is not appreciated. Some of us shop there so we… 
Thx  Walmart  KillianRd Assoc. Auto center Sharon for perseverance and Mgr. Nicole for Resolve. Way to make things right!
Chels: "well fuck you too then" talking to the phone.
Guy at Walmart: "okay..............." 

But then started talking to his friend 💀💀
 survivelevi  RoadTripTV  LoganPaul There gonna be like that tho against each other that's just Walmart happens whe… 
Okay tbh I hate living in the middle of nowhere mainly bc the nearest fabric store other than Walmart is an hour away
Someone save me from Walmart 🙏🏽
The neighborhood walmart is always out of fucking cilanto i'm really about to explode
"these bracelets are from walmart but they make me look boujee so it's fine"
 christinekohle1 will have to look into it.   the best i could find was normal leather soap/conditioner at zehrs and Walmart
 LenaCorazon  ShanJeniah  laurengarafalo Got to walmart 15 minutes after the hair place closed. ☹ was hoping to get my hair cut
I don't think boys understand how simple dating is. You can surprise me with a  4 hamburger and a flower from Walmart & I might cry 🌳
Chels and I have been in Walmart for hours 😂😂😂😂
 KailynReagan help me help you right some better songs bitch
numbers don't lie
roadtrip is shit
and roadtrip is the walmart why don't we
 MelissaMackie9 i think sallys in bedford by walmart has them but im not 100% sure. They generally any hair things… 
 milanicosmetics Finially seen these in WalMart yesterday 😍
I need to go to Walmart.
BBCAN gave us prada, Gucci  worthy showmance, BB19 gave us walmart showmances  BB19 
Ford, GM, Chrysler, Sprint, Lockhead, Walmart, coalminers, Foxconn... 
We go afterwards to get one, but while looking at what toppings, a walmart "manager" comes to yell at the guy
 goldmadoka Started talking about how great Walmart was basically also he said he loves capitalism and consumerism
A group of Mexican guys whistled at me a Walmart and it was so awkward
 Walmart runs with two sets of twins be like... 
fixin to head to Walmart n restock on face mask n makeup remover
 Walmart are you guys doing christmas layaway this year and if so when does it start
i need to wash my hair and do it, find something to wear, clean my room, pack my stuff and go to walmart. all before 9
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART CRINGE COMPILATION  2
im at walmart and all i have are COINS
Holy fuck i hate walmart
Walmart | Job Fair | Help Wanted from Farm Forum - 
Walmart | Job Fair | Help Wanted Jobs from Aberdeen News - 
Pretty sure you have to speak English to work at walmart anyways fam. Miss me with that
The guy in front of me at Walmart just unloaded 50 gatorades onto the conveyor belt in the express lane
At the walmart near my home they had a eggo truck outside giving free waffles and ice cream. My mom was like "lets go after" and im like kk
gucci vs walmart 
 TDS(Stream Up)

 atlanta  Kleva_13 details Memoirs of a man with a 9-5 pursuing his rap dream stream! 

"WALMART"


Nintendo Switch Neon Console Gray is in stock at WalMart!  NintendoSwitch July 30, 2017 6:15 pm 
 Walmart in Corona, CA has the worst customer service and the most insulting CSR's ever. And "I'm sorry" by the MOD is not worth anything!
 Rattnip You likely paid too much for your husband, whose tasks can be completed by a lesser priced Walmart fan ;)
I accidentally stole a pair of glasses from Walmart bc I put them on my shirt and forgot about them but I don't want to go back inside
I fucked up this ladies cake at walmart & honestly I could stab my eyes out right now
 HOWBTCOWBOYS  walmarthelp Yeah, Walmart accidentally posted the  SNESClassic pre-order page earlier than intended… 
This man tryna have a damn conversation in the customer service line in Walmart. Nigga just return your shit and go
Just a quick reminder everyone as we are only 22 days out from  EclipseDay. Eclipse glasses can be purchased at Low… 
I swear the line at a Walmart checkout is longer than any amusement park🙄
P.S. Walmart has wifi
Never mess with my boys they are talented and sweethearts unlike ur irrelevant Walmart "band"! RoadtripNeverStartedParty
I liked a  YouTube video CASH or TRASH? | 10 Ridiculous Walmart Items!
The Amazon-Walmart Showdown That Explains the Modern Economy  shopaholic  shopping 
Walmart Matthew Dellavedova blocked me 
Why does Walmart have so many checkout lines when they only ever have 4 open
Came to the realization of how sad my life has become when Charis and I became defensive about Shawnee's Walmart in comparison to Ponca's
Going to Walmart, what y'all want ?
 Lexyloopoo27 Coming home now and making dinner. Wanna go to Walmart w us
Someone come on a Walmart run w me , nyds , and Millz
A slightly intoxicated lady in Walmart last night said to me "girl you're so pretty and you got a fat ass too, you keep doin you!!"  blessed
Someone just scream "I'm adopted!" in the middle of Walmart...
I think Jake meant Roadtrip is the Walmart One Direction. 🙈  RoadTripNeverStartedParty
These cranberry scented garbage bags from Walmart are everything.
I'm at  Walmart in Murrieta, CA 
 TheRealSmithKid Go to Walmart for drinks so you don't spend a fortune.. or else you'll start spending  9 on a single Corona😂
"Traditional"  gtfo  heteronormative  wtf  Walmart  autodrive 
 seweso Business sense? Try to pitch to Walmart CEO a solution that if all goes well has 30min wait and  0.01 fee
L… 
Walmart pissed me the fuck off
In Walmart and my aunt looks at a tank and shorts and says it's cute. 10 y.o. Cousin: "Cute for you. I don't wear c… 
Garcinia Cambogia Formula Research: Know Before You Buy - 
This lil Walmart breeze though it's nice I can't lie
 SaysHummingbird Walmart parking lot. In Texas. How many died horifficly ? The "coyotes" are multiplying. And the d… 
Channel vs. Walmart 
If penis enlarging products actually worked, they would have an entire aisle at Walmart.
As much as I shop I Walmart I seriously hate it 🙄
Nap time my tylenol sleeping pills have finally kicked in not to mention I cooked dinner...went to walmart and... 
. amazon has 45,000 robots filling orders, while  Walmart is racing to catch up: 
Am I the only one who gets unreasonably frustrated in places like Walmart and nursing homes?
 PoliticsNewz What an amateur. Putin a bad-ass no good spy, in "charge" of a totally unimportant "no-good-country"… 
 deapostrophe Walmart got chew toys for  .99
 MikeMatson67  vossbrink  JunkWaxTwins  pksteinberg Last time I went to Walmart I couldn't find any cards. Zero. Nada. None.
Okay I'm crying in Walmart 
this why I hate the Walmart on Garth
 dashaduh Walmart. For wipes. Lol. Since I said no, I'm the worst. You're not a dictator at all or anything
If you're shopping at Walmart today, check out in the garden center and Godspeed.
Saw  JFerrisKXLY at Walmart earlier. Didn't realize I had gotten tickets to the gun show  MusclesForDays 
 Jacob_Flores_A6  clairegiannetti they're only like  20 at walmart 👀
I'm at Walmart Distribution Center in London, KY 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Shoplifts from Customer! For Real!
10 Things Walmart Don’t Want You To Know 
 Walmart  kroger Bye Wal-Mart. NOw a Kroger shopper. cleaner, more selection, prices same/cheaper, quick checkout and fuel points.
My new look on  chictopia: 
my parents went to walmart and i tagged along and filled the cart with makeup and a gotg poster 
 GloGirl__ *goes to Walmart and purchases this item*
 Overkill_311  Walmart  OriginalFunko July 30, 2017. Just opened one that I recently purchased and it's STILL the e… 
Instead of "Versace on the floor," Tyson changed it to "Walmart on the floor." 🎵🎶 😂  PoorPeopleRomance  theR34Lbiscuit  BrunoMars
 vossbrink  JunkWaxTwins  pksteinberg  OffHiatusBBC Speaking of Walmart.. I meant to take a picture of the card ais… 
 YouTwittFace14  Walmart How many were you able to pre order?
little do you know that i'm buying sour candy at walmart rn and i'm STOKED
 candswans Just let it go babe. I'm not gonna lie though I fucking lost it when I saw the Chanel Walmart tweet, I w… 
 oArgaso  AaronRoyal_ Boutta go to Walmart and cash out on that keyboard/mouse deal💪🏼
I'm at  Walmart in Eugene, OR 
 BecauseOfMarais  RoadTripTV  LoganPaul Okay, I love WDW, and I'm upset at the shade being thrown  them for no reas… 
Reason  428 why you shouldnt go to walmart 
I was at this party last night and some random drunk dude starting milly rocking and telling me how he robbed  TVs from Walmart
 southbeachlax She work at Walmart 😂
 walmarthelp very aggravating when I can't use the Walmart app because for the second time the receipts are faded &I can't scan.🙄 400 worth
finna start looking for a new job, i cannot stand working at Walmart
Walmart Loss Prevention Stops A Customer Who Paid For All Her Items & Ac... 
 ZisaSalad Shits wider than your mom homie.. you prolly a Walmart ass timex wearin white mid calf lookin ass
I think the main reason why I don't like shopping at Walmart is the long lines 
*Going to a WalMart in the same city 
 kcjr15 We leaving Walmart right and anyone who knows Kyra knows she makes up her own words,use them out of context… 
 morninggloria At a Walmart.
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
 philos0phyl Tbh it's a lot for a bar soap but it moisturizes your skin as well as cleans it. 👌🏼 you can get it from Walmart or ulta
 MattTimmons Walmart 
Update: She still works at Walmart. And I still love her. 
5 winners 1st prize is 100  walmart. Please help me win. Click now. from  areck0001  aaronreckgiveaway 
Niqqas at Walmart really be wearing those capes. Lmfao goofy
 beautifulcelebz  Silaybel  NICKIMINAJ  ddlovato Chanel vs Walmart
I'll even shop online at  walmart website. I like that free site2store shipping. I think that's what it's called. 
Wow they're building a Ross over here by the Walmart off of Azusa and arrow
hate when mfs come in Walmart & ride the electric carts just cause they fat just cause you don't FEEL like walking don't mean you can't walk
I still like  walmart I go there on the weekends usually or late at night so not much of a crowd. 
office in Brazil has a crazy golf course on the roof 
Walmart is probably my favorite still but I'm hoping these grocery prices will keep getting right and lower prices. 
Splatoon 2 pro controllers to restock at my walmart 
Walmart is smart the things you don't need are always in the middle of the things you need food on one side house Ireland on the other
EVERY Walmart will let you do this.
Just have to get there before they destroy them.
One of the only ways to get a… 
 ima_seaward  realValkyrie612  Im_TheAntiTrump Oh of course there's people that think they're above the law. I've s… 
VLOG: CAN'T VLOG IN WALMART ANYMORE?! 
Fruit of the Loom Women's Hipster Panties 6pk for  7 + pickup at Walmart
http:
 MLBTV  have a paid subscription.. reading the HOF news via the app, prompted for  walmart gift card ..  disrespectful to the HOF and game
 SixSecondRide Walmart, but make it fashion. 
Somebody mom def just got dogged at Walmart I hate old ass ladies
That the new Walmart in Grand Prairie closes at midnight 
买买买 (at  Walmart Supercenter in State College, PA) 
 Lorenmakesart walmart museum?
Just ran into my old 1st grade teacher at Walmart lol
i was driving but i'm takin a break at walmart for an sux
Hey Walmart, here’s the startup that inspired the thing Amazon just launched 
I liked a  YouTube video Three Lakeland Walmart employees charged with shoplifter's death
The fact that Jazz just turned up on somebody at Walmart while we was on FaceTime has me so dead 😂😂
 kassxtate Sis get a 10 foot charger   Walmart. It's like  12 and the cord is thick and kinda hard to bend lol
Just saw a fellow gay at the Walmart lads
I'm not a furry

I'm just, like, really into Walmart's Maskimals collection
How is it that plants sit in places like Walmart and thrive for weeks on end but when they get to my house they just die..?!
EMERGENCY!! 
CAT PEOPLE!! 

I'm at Walmart trying to get Lysine for Sherbert. No luck. Walked to the people's... 
On me❗ this bitch was just staring at me in walmart so I'm like wtf you looking at me❓ speak tf you know me❓ or you… 
Adesivo Iphone 3G / 3Gs iSkin Dig... Apenas R 10.00 Acesse  celular   oferta  desconto… 
 FyraEnSex  Sergio_R81  WalmartCanada So instead of answering my ? 2 honoring ur in store & online items, walmart j… 
 MurderBryan It's not the SAME but I do actually like Dr. Thunder. One of the only positives about Walmart.
Back to School Deals at Target & Walmart - 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Loss Prevention updated
 urib1184  vodkaknockers69  WMCActionNews5 How about not letting citizens buy fucking guns at walmart? Funny how th… 
(1/2) Like Mrs_Buzan: I just witnessed two accidents in the Walmart parking lot while listening to Debussy. 
I think I'm in a Wes Anderso...
 hgudenkauf Awesome!! I'm gonna grab Missing Pieces on my way home. They have it at the Walmart across town!Thanks!!
I swear  Walmart only hires people with IQs below 30
where's the melanin?  Walmart no black wedding toppers🤔🤔 
 oArgaso they have RGB corsair mouse and keyboard at walmart for under  90 for both.
SKETCH BOOKS RANGE FROM  7- 45. Walmart has some, but guess what, that shit isn't gonna stay in your fucking book.
"Big Thanks" to
Parents that paid for travel expenses & scholarships.
Walmart for donation. 
McLarty Daniel for helping with transportation.
gucci vs walmart 😁 
seriously bless noah's heart for picking up command strips   walmart for me (even tho he struggled a bit)
I loved my sample of Secret deodorant from  Influenster and will be purchasing when sample is out! 🤗  SecretAtWalmart  Walmart  cOntest 👏🏽
 daZinci Nah uber is Walmart
 corbynbesson literally just got to Walmart as well
if she don't like taking random trips to walmart, i don't want her.
Why we have to fight for affordable housing: so Walmart can keep wages to low to live on - Houston Chronicle 
 bbhsmut Stalk some fan sites, and find where to print it, the frame you can find it at Walmart? I think they sell everything there
 StDxProfessor I avoid it like the plague, last time i went was a month ago. I only go to walmart after 2am when al… 
Walmart:  0.78 Cottonelle Cleansing Wipes! ( 2.28 Value) 
walmart is setting up for christmas next week?
So I go to Walmart just to shop around and stuff I get what I want and I get my stuff I'm ready to pay I got to a line I thought it be fast
 BB_Updates And brought home ptsd issues that meds aren't helping. A woman in Walmart bumps him and he beats the sh*t out of her!
We enjoy our fans at Walmart! 
 ruddev_preacher HAHAH I'm dumb, I thought Redux was a special addition version not both of them. That's wicked cau… 
No more  pricematching  Walmart from competitors.  So disappointed. I had to go to mult retailers to get the  bestdeals on my groceries. 😡😕
Walmart story
Walmart sells fursuit heads now lol 
 suck_my_ash_ I believe so! I get mine from walmart but I'm sure jewel would have them
A random lady saw me in Walmart and said "You look like you're down, keep working and keep your head up son you're gonna be great" 🙏🏽
I wear Walmart slides
Shoutout to the dude in Walmart who bought condoms, 3 kinds of lube, tissues, beef jerky, and 4 hula hoops.
Goodspeed my brother
 Skylar_Wolfski If you have a Walmart in the area I would recommend doing produce as you get 12 CAD an hour which i… 
 ashton_kayy Walmart girl💁🏼
I can never go to Walmart and not spend over 20 dollars like ????
Yoo walmart whats this bs? 
 CaroMarioni_ En walmart💜💜💜
 miss__merica Oh shit dude I need to go back 😂😂 Walmart got hella deals got a Aztec planner for  5
 kwiibi I'm doing it! I'm gonna go to Walmart after work tomorrow and get it if I can find it
 MsAvaStClaire  shy_and_quiet  RosieLux_  MsAvaStClaire trying to blend in with the common people in Walmart? Agree… 
is it just me or does walmart make you act goofy af too?
I got waxing strips at WalMart. I didnt realize the pack was opened. Someone used 2 strips already & there was pube… 
 PURELL Advanced Hand Sanitizer has 2X sanitizing strength to keep our little ones healthy all year long!  Walmart  GotItFree  BzzAgent
I have been procrastinating going to Walmart for the past 2 hours.
I so want this! Can someone that has one or knows someone with one give me your opinion?

All A. Facade 
 TheGoddess_AZ like it's just yuma...i treat the town like it's walmart
Ima roast myself with my unsized head ass with my Walmart wearing shoes clothes head ass with my 26 year old virgin head ass 😂😂😂 im bored
roaming around in Walmart 
driving through the park 
my city doesnt even have a walmart
 eyedeasforfools I'm only going for Walmart
 miss__merica Currently 😂😂😳 Walmart  1 twitter gypsys 
Summer  RevWar Action & Intrigue at The Patriot Spy
The Cavalier Sp… 
Oof.   Walmart Baton Rouge - N Mall Dr 
Advil is cheaper than  140 - Pure  Hemp Oil Drops for Pain-Anxiety in the US -  Walmart.com 
 DrakeMoon  ieatassgoodly taking a shit in the walmart bathroom in the same stall 😂😂
saw this cutie in Walmart
 JunkWaxTwins  pksteinberg  OffHiatusBBC Or "everything released in packs you could buy at Target/Walmart" since th… 
A little cold this avro? Enjoy a cup of tea with our Tetley Orange Pekoe Tea. Cop it today! 
16 People Who Shows Us That Walmart Is Another World Entirely - Aunty Acid Buzz 
 marygerdt  adkaromatherapy  pb_joan  Kkigar  BrightMoments  spacedfairy  KitBTV  firstuubtv Happy Sunday yall!! (w… 
I'm at Walmart Distribution Center in Sparks, NV w/  ttiffanysimon17 
s/o to lady that paid for my stuff at Walmart!! 😊
they are the walmart version of why don't we 
I'm a 6 but in Walmart I'm a 20
Beautiful AA woman at Walmart on Colerain Ave by CC Highway - m4w (Walmart)  MissedConnections
Manager - McDonalds Colerain Ave by Walmart and Cross County - m4w (McD's)  MissedConnections
In Walmart with like 2 registers open, per usual.
Shopping at Walmart; selling a piece of my soul.
I learned that my drive from Walmart to work is approx the length of a little piece of heaven played 1.75 times thank u a7x
I hate walmart with a deep and burning passion every time i walk in there.
I knew better than to bring my ass to Walmart on a Sunday, & I still did it🤦🏾‍♀️
 PlugPowerInc can WE suppor  amazon and  WalmartNewsroom  Walmart at same time?  Plug 
if it wasn't for nicole i'd be circling around walmart lost 😂
 peacheuu I hate Walmart so much bye america
LIVE at Walmart in North Myrtle Beach. That's where  northmyrtlebeach PD is giving back to students in need. How at… 
Walmart > 
Today in WalMart: mean, tatted lesbian literally breaking up with & threatening to murder her lover while on the phone AND checking out
“I felt like God was calling for me to pay for her bill,” he said. “It was without a doubt – God was saying, ‘Pay... 
 Makennagiles1 LISTEN UP GET UR PERVERTED ASS DADS OUT OF WALMART RN BEFORE I LOSE MY JOB
Have a Dunkin Donuts Express here inside Walmart now. Should get me a coffee one of these days YO!
I miss Walmart
 Vickynava12345  RoadTripTV  LoganPaul It's funny because since they couldn't get the real  imzachherron back onto… 
 DaveWeasel You were banned from walmart? Mind if I ask how come...
 ddmaycare2  MsAvaStClaire Don't think that will work on Walmart customers...they will just shoot you with the firs… 
Everytime Alexus come to Walmart one of my coworkers telling me how fine she is😭😭OKAY FUCK. I know my girl look good🤤😋😋hop off🙄
Im having a dramatic trilogy in walmart
 Walmart Say what you want about customer service. Your store in Corona, ca failed miserably today. "I'm sorry" doesn't cut it.
Go to Cumbys to avoid awkward interactions at Honey Farms. 
Cumbys cashier: "I know where you live"
K great now I gotta buy milk at Walmart
 jruiz945 no shit walmart version of oscar isaac
You know the  US economy is  Improving when  Walmart is hiring again because all of their employees are now moving… 
Am I the only one attracted to the bald dad in that  Walmart commercial? Oh, I am. Okay.
While I was at Walmart some guy came to compliment me & J & then offered to give me his number so he could babysit J 😐😐
I know  Walmart is the devil, but Shakopee MN has best free pickup grocery out there. And the Walmart women loading my car are the best!
A glimpse at the growing memorial outside Walmart for 10 immigrants who died. Prayer book found 40yds from store. … 
I hate Walmart
Million 💰💰💰 Idea  Walmart buy and open a new location in the soon to be vacant  Sears store at Hyannis Mall
 ThereIsNoWalmartInHyannis
 mhautexo Any store Walmart walgreens they have gummy ones if your not into swallowing pills Bc I know I can't lol
I liked a  YouTube video RV LIFE ~ WALMART camping VIOLATORS!
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Savage Haven 🅱️:Walmart run 

I need to run to Walmart tonight.
All Walmart SNES Classic Pre-Orders Being Canceled.. Related Articles: 
 dosafyre  erwingerrits  LeoDiCaprio  Google  Microsoft  amazon  Apple  Starbucks  IKEA  HP  Walmart Everyone else… 
I'm sad and all I want is a box full of those cute Disney socks from Walmart 😭
i brought watermelon drinks to the shelves of walmart this is more important than the captain america movie or whatever yall on about
 Poboy2017 I'm trying out a prepackaged one I found at Walmart, think it's called "Sally Field" it's already marinated.
Thank you so much to the guy at Walmart who helped me slim Jim my car when I locked my keys inside. People are so nice it makes me cry. 💖
Who By Wheatland Walmart
Lol you must work at Walmart 
No one gives less of a fuck about personal space than random white women in Walmart checkout lines.
 Biancaa0103 lets go to Walmart first though
I Needa Go Walmart..
they're legit playing say ok by Vanessa hudgens in Walmart
 Essence  Walmart You wanna know how I make a fresh lifestyle?
I don't shop at  Walmart
How many employees are on… 
I like going  to Walmart when I have stage makeup on and counting how many people give me weird looks👍🏼
 VonKnowledge  erwingerrits  LeoDiCaprio  Google  Microsoft  amazon  Apple  Starbucks  IKEA  HP  Walmart I know of… 
FREE Rave Hairspray At Walmart!  FREEbies  Instagram  Walmart  coupon  Coupons
I asked my aunt to goto Walmart and buy an aux cord (for my PS4)... this girl brought back an aux cord that plugs into your car stereos. -_-
Walmart 😩📍
Doctor Scrubs Adult Costume - 
Grocery pickup...the best idea ever!!!! 😍 (at  Walmart Supercenter in Henderson, KY) 
People at Walmart are terrible
Order Buy Zestra here  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid… 
Pt 2678 of me getting kicked out of Walmart
Not gonna lie though Walmart jewelry is 👌🏼
 jennybhill  satex4  GregAbbott_TX  TexasGOP Walmart had an annual profit last year of 124.62 billion dollars. They… 
 boucher1113  kroger Gotta prepare lol. Last year, Walmart had Christmas stuff out before Halloween.
this was only  2.88 walmart is a beautiful place 
Same for you  Walmart. I need android/ apple pay in your stores
Sorry not sorry. I spend a fortune on my hair between getting it done &keeping it healthy. I'll spend  50 on products than  10 at Walmart.
Pretty sure I just had a speed date with this cashier at walmart.  bigballin
 _smnlnd ANY IDEA IF WALMART HAS ANY CUTE STAPPY SANDALS?
I unexpectedly find myself still  trying not to step on stupid ass cracks walking through Walmart.
 Walmart why is it so Hot in Walmart???
I'm definitely NOT going to miss Walmart.
Black Cute Pet Dog Puppy Style Clothes T-Shirt FBI Police - Small - 
 BecauseOfMarais  RoadTripTV  LoganPaul Well walmart is better
I'd be wearing these everywhere, Walmart, class, football games, to sleep 
roadtrip is the walmart why don’t we 
Work's been slow today 1 call Kmart Riverside Walmart Corona 3 hours before Game of Thrones and power comes on 5 calls 5 different
Walmart has a pharmacy bc Ronald McDonald liked grape Benadryl
Lmaooo damn Ceej ain't even give em the basic walmart air mattress with a hole in it that's deflated by the morning… 
 NBCNews  NBCOUT Bet the "Right to Marry Yer Cousin" ordinance is still in place though. Right next to the "Wear he… 
Lmao explain to me why Walmart won't accept cash due to the fact ink broke on the money. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
It's a Sunday and Im living in the toy section of Walmart bc I love my kids  lifeofacampdirector
Hey  GameStop what game should I buy at Walmart?
 CarmenCallaway3 Besides I have to get by the purple  Walmart granny panties!! 😂😂😂
This woman came ip to me at Walmart and said "girl I need them edges" 😂😩
Is it weird I want to go to America just to go to Walmart and target 😩
Walmart Cancels All SNES Classic Edition Preorders, Shattering The Heart.. Related Articles: 
cheap buy off of amazon or at walmart! 
I liked a  YouTube video  5 STRANGE REJECTED WALMART ITEMS!
Walmart Issues Massive Announcement –  to deliver again.
Scooped this at Walmart. Any good? 
Can't find my Walmart wish list 😒
I need to go to Walmart!!
About to die in the Walmart line. Calling it.
 realDonaldTrump, Potius, illegals wire money home, raise the wire fee 45% on Moneygram, western union, walmart gram etc, keep money here !!
Indie game dev problems: Being that weird guy in Walmart taking photos of raw meat in the meat department.
An older man in the Walmart parking lot tried to make me take his electric scooter inside for him lol
New  Engineer  job in  nwark. Working on displays for Walmart suppliers. Must have SolidWorks exp.  bentonville 
Image from Psycho Bunny Mens Wood Bracelet Silver Watch PB3005SIL- 
Walmart stressed me out for the day 😒
I only go to Walmart when it's convenient for me, other than that I'm at Target & Farm Fresh.
 ruthachandler  satex4  GregAbbott_TX  TexasGOP And there is nothing wrong with working at WalMart or Whataburger o… 
Walmart: Playtex Tampons and Stayfree Products as low as  1.86! 
Deals: Intex Classic Downy Airbed Mattress  7.88 (
 _slayliketay Fragrance free, oil free, alcohol free face wash.I use Shea Moisture.Its vegan, organic &has no chemi… 
I followed this dude in Walmart so I could walk in front of him and he could see my booty anyway anyway
10 Things Walmart Don’t Want You To Know via  YouTube
Office Depot, Walmart, Jet, HP & More! Expiring Amex Offers & How to Maximize Them - Miles to Memories… 
Well that's an expansive Xbox 😂 Walmart 
 roverr777 You woke up just in time. We are directing a scavenger hunt in Walmart for  MsAvaStClaire. 😂
all i see in walmart and target is back to school oh nah
When someone steals your  Walmart chicken😡😡 and you were looking forward to it 😂  walmart  chicken 
I walked in Walmart for an hour looking for tea tree oil because I'm too afraid to ask where it's at so my mom did it for me
Literally was walking around Walmart looking like a snack in fitted church dress. 😍 lmao but fr though
 jhays523 Walmart Superstore on Friday's, 1st, 15ths, and 30th!
Walked in the Walmart asked where the toothbrushes are mans talking bout some "What is that"
 GunOwners  Fedupandready How do u fatass conservatives explain the 400 lbs of lard u pack in your pants. Still. Wa… 
These people at Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️😩
 GiveMeThePatience
 CruzBlahcruz Third party chargers are like 5.99 at Walmart fam
I refuse to eat at the subway in horsepasture so I literally only go to the one in Madison Walmart 🤦🏻‍♀️
In your dreams. You're the real Walmart one direction.  LoganPaul waiting for this distrack to drop 
PURELL® Advanced Hand Sanitizer
 PURELL,  GotItFree and available  Walmart.
Hanging out in Walmart over the weekend promoting the all new Online Grocery Pick-Up… 
Walmart Cashier Flabbergasts Foster Mom When He Hears the Voice of God 
Yea i just spend 60 bones in Walmart...why
 RoadTripTV  LoganPaul WALMART WHY DONT WE. WHY WOULD YOU COMPARE YOURSELVES TO THEM???!!!!
Chanel vs Walmart 
 AshZification I honestly can't remember where i got the chairs and futon but coffee table is ikea, shelves are wal… 
 ColeFartley Pick up an antenna from Walmart for like  20, I get like 30 channels in HD, it’s pretty nice
 GeraldJA3  RickandMorty  ryanridley You can get Oreo o's at Walmart now :)
So now my ass gon' go to Walmart and get her a new one cause I'd be damned
 jijayy_ i need a walmart one too if they got em its one near
My mom went to the new Walmart yesterday & got Ki'Marie some milk that was already ready. Shit expired wtf
I'm at Walmart like, *don't buy makeup from here don't buy makeup from here...*🤦‍♀️
strip that down sounds like a walmart version of a cobra starship song
 FatKidDeals  Walmart stop doing my mans like this or we shooting hands
 KellyannePolls  FoxNewsSunday You're a pecking order kind of gal? How are you a WH rep? You sound like Walmart mgm… 
*At walmart*
Dad: Why are there so many Mexicans at walmart?
Me: But we're Mexican..
Dad: I know. Why the fuck are we here? Let's leave.
 FakeBackToSchoolFacts Walmart brand back to school clothing apparel is top of the list for every kid.
 dvfying Moral of all these stories is dont buy walmart bikes 😂😂😂😂
There are ALWAYS literal seagulls flocking at the Warrensville Center Walmart can someone explain this
i wanna know why they stopped selling champion at walmart 😤
Don't 👏 come 👏 to 👏 the 👏 cigarette 👏 line 👏 at 👏 Walmart 👏 if 👏 you 👏 have 👏 1948293020 👏 items 👏
After giving away backpacks with  NorthPoint and working  APSbash. Gotta get 🎒 ✏️✂️📒🖍for my  ICSAtlanta 3rd Grader.… 
Walmart speaks my language 
 TexasMonthly  HEB  WholeFoods You cannot compare HEB to Walmart and Kroger, it's insulting to HEB... remember what… 
 DaCoolestOne I didn't know that. But I can't go swimming in a Walmart either
 JamesBerry_ last time I had a BMX was from Walmart and the chain came off when I was learning to bhop, landed on m… 
There was about 3 different groups walking out of Walmart with bags
I need to run to walmart
 walmart can y'all make great value cigs I'm on a budget here
 RoadTripTV  LoganPaul Never heard or seen of you so sorry who are you?? Oh that's right the Walmart version of wdw
Amazon drops its free shipping minimum to  25, undercutting Walmart 
Why the fuck is everyone at Walmart today ?!?!
Learning your way around a new Walmart is the worst though!! 
yesterday we went to Walmart and my mom started talking to one of the employees and they thought I was a 7th grader 😊😊😊😅😂😭
Keep kids healthy this school year with Purell. Kills the most bacteria. Clip to backpacks/lunchbags!  Purell   Walmart  gotitfree
also, I almost passed out in Walmart
When we go to Walmart this is me  TayNicoole 
And on top of that, my 6 inch sub from Walmart rang up as  47.76...what a day🤷🏼‍♂️ 
i'm stuffing my face in a walmart parking lot of someone spots me  over
Best Deals This Week at Walmart 
 TexanInPhilly51  MsAvaStClaire ...otherwise you end up at Walmart.
When you're walking in Walmart and some man looks at you like: 👀 
 BLAZEMONEY_ any walmart. ion remember exactly how much but it was under  10
Nd I been getten over on Walmart for the last week I'm up
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottsm shelfpat Walmart?
RoyalBaby Freestyle Kid's Bicycle - Pink 16"  83+tax ( 73 w/walmart amex offer) w/store pickup 
Walmart needs to pay more people and open up the registers. Wtf
i was the person chasing a receipt in the walmart parking lot today...yupp, it finally happened.
FREE Rave Hairspray At Walmart! 
don't ask if my ring is real - it's Swarovski crystals, & it was  575. Def not a Walmart ring. Thank you, have a great day 😘
 SNES Pre-Orders Being Canceled by  WalMart.


 alliruetwo  Walmart I know! Lol! I was thinking ok - no shopping! This is nice! WRONG. Lol! 🤦🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️
 bbyloumpia I can't remember if it was Office Depot or Walmart 😅 but it definitely helps with my stress levels
I'm liable to get Chinese, Taco Bell, and stop at Walmart for some snacks 🤦🏾‍♀️
There are approximately zero laws prohibiting the open carry of swords where I live, and I know what I'm doing next time I go to Walmart.
Walmart School Supply Deals Roundup (most items under a dollar!).... 
Target > Publix > Walmart... don't debate me
 MsAvaStClaire  shy_and_quiet  RosieLux_ You need fuzzy pajamas, its like the Walmart customer uniform..
 jabbleapp  amthatcool  Walmart Lmmfaoooooooooooooo 😂😂😂😂😂😂💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
2 trips to Walmart..new room lock needed...thank I only have to do this once.
Since Hillary can't force anyone in Gov. to buy her next book
Vegas Odds 500 to 1 Walmart puts 'What Happened' in t… 
Where is the man, that God made specifically for me, and to carry my bags after I leave Walmart ?
 BreitbartNews I don't know what she spends on hair and the sweet Walmart headrest, but I would be willing to bet s… 
Smartphone Apple iPhone 6S Plus 32GB de R  3599.0 por R  3099.0
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Smartphone Apple iPhone 6S Plus 128GB de R  3519.12 por R  3399.0
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Hate coming to Walmart
Walmart supplies me with an endless amount of anxiety.
 Aaron_Doh same with Walmart
i just bought a  20 straightener from Walmart and it works better than my  60 one from Sally's
, pet cooling mat walmart, dog walking using dog harness
Monster Hydro looks like it's for people who spend  5000 in one visit to Walmart.
, pet cooling mat walmart, pet carrier dog grooming massage brush and more
 TunaLunaMoe Raven has the same last name as the founder of Walmart, Sam Walton and both are from the same area. Connection?
 BMachek Now we scavenge Walmart for  1 notebooks and steal pens 😅
 Angoslee So after 27 years, you're finally quitting Walmart. hah
Walmart Issues Massive Announcement back to American made products
Use this while back to school shopping! For a small effort, our fallen friends will always be remembered, never... 
You might be in a Pensacola Walmart when someone yells into their phone, "GET A BRAZILIAN!"
Non-Injury Accident (Sachse) Walmart at Woodbridge, Dark Grey Nissian and Black Yukon, unknown if any roads are blocked.
Every dollar a teacher spends at Walmart is a lost opportunity to support small business and contributes to destruction of public education
Walmart Bars Sales Of AR-15s, Self-Defense Shotguns - Grand View Outdoors 
I'm in Walmart and this older lady in line in front of me. Her food came up to about  200, but her EBT card was... 
so im at Walmart and these two girls were  talking and the one thing I heard one of them say was " yea the Dolan twins aren't famous" hehheh
Fine niggas always work in the electronic department at Walmart
 just_dawnr Target and Walmart
Now that Austin starts work tomorrow, who is going to go on random food trips and Walmart stops with me in the middle of the night??
Wonder if target goin let me exchange this walmart conditioner🤔
 _foreeeeee imma txt you, cause the hours i work at Walmart you at the airport.
 MyNiggaKushy Gotta make that Walmart trip 🤦🏽‍♂️😂
 dvfying Promise you getting and investing in a good mountain bike is amazing. The difference is huge between mine… 
Honestly  Walmart is trying to cook me with this "black or white shirt" dress code.
It's too hot out to be waiting for a bus wearing black.😰
Let's go Walmart💀💀💀

Save me ASAP😂 
Wawa like Walmart, 7-11 like Kmart
 epiclafiteau There were a couple in New Philadelphia, Ohio Walmart the other day...
I WILL TEAR SHIT UP IN WALMART
I found these adorable cups at Walmart 😊
 soonergrunt  CarlPrinetweets  painter_nancy  JustRichWebster  surrealmwshort  shocks  Ballymagibbon  Cernovich I r… 
Great for taking anywhere.   PURELL,  GotItFree and available  Walmart
 nipzips i just got back from walmart 👌
If You Are Shopping VOIP Phone Service DO NOT USE  Vonage Walmart Has Basic Talk Home VOIP Service That Works Just As Well
The fact that California doesn't sell these & I have to result to walmart for it is way too sad 
my 12 yr old daughter has the same swim suit as Raven. Got it at Walmart. Raven must have brought 2 TRUNKS of clothes.  BB19
 RubyRaid I seen that shit in our Walmart too! They look like shit. Big corps looking to capitalize on furries.
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of  God // uplifting story via the  FoxNews Android app
Walmart trips by myself 10 mins get exactly what I went in there for. Walmart trips w/ my woman 1 hr and she forgets the main thing we need
Walmart greeter grabbed my cart tried  to forcibly check my receipt.   Dafuq Walmart why?! What are you looking for?!
WTF I PREFER WALMART 
 CatlinNya So it that an issue with Whole Foods or soy sauce? Because I douse all my cheap Walmart steaks in soy sauce.
Y'all I'm screaming. You know that tweet either Walmart work wearing that yellow cape? They have them at my local Walmart too 😂😂
Walmart special....... lol  Nintendo  sorrynotsorry 
I just went to a Walmart barefoot and in my pajamas.. love me? 
 SexualGif don't let this bullshit fool ya. It matter if ya man buyin ya rings from Walmart LMAOOOOO
 jaicest malec is like designer and whatever the fuck that is... is like clothes from walmart
Magnets, Tacks and Push Pins - - 
 Jvsmika_ I did this one day & I went to the wrong Walmart 😂
 lilcarrot22 We went to walmart
 Walmart wanna send me a free toddler bed?  please
 minhosfist um...home depot? walmart? lowes? someplace where they have pretty plants i wish i could buy lol
Anyone have a printer they are no longer using? i need one for my kids for class. Walmart had them on sale but i am low on funds right now.
 TeddyBear_Riggo  MsAvaStClaire  MalikaFantasy  RosieLux_ I always thought you could only buy guns at a licensed gu… 
 IshkabibbleDude Walmart "The most magical place in the world" 😂😂😂😂
Ready to take on the week!  minihaul  lchf  sugarfree  walmart  keto  healthychoices   Walmart… 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 25 Points! WOO HOO!!
Safeway is shittier than Walmart when it comes to the number of cashiers that they have working.
name brand don't mean shit to me. I could get a  3 shirt from Walmart and look fine as hell 💁🏽
Sometimes reading my TL is as therapeutic as walking through Walmart... I feel so much better about myself. 😂 
Beautiful: A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God via the  FoxNews App 
 Walmart if I wanted to go inside I wouldn't have ordered online. Why do I have walk to the back? Easier to have  amazon mail it to me
This lady at Walmart legit asked me "baby, how old are you?" after staring at my belly. 🙄🙄
Entered contest to win a  50.00 Walmart gift card      Contest4Canadians
Someone literally threw a shitty diaper in the middle of Walmart in Dickson city... and of course I'm the asshole who steps in it
Office Depot, Walmart, Jet, HP & More! Expiring Amex Offers & How to Maximize Them|
calling CPS on my mother for dragging me to Walmart on a Sunday 

amber pls
Office Depot, Walmart, Jet, HP & More! Expiring Amex Offers & How to Maximize Them Several lucrative Amex Offers a… 
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God 
My mom really just got carded at Walmart for 6 pack of wine coolers 😂
Some guy just walked up to Cesar and I at Walmart and dude dapped him up like "that's your girl??"
 LamarrWilson I Want 2 Try Those Did U Get Them A Walmart Or Shop Rite Bro!!!!!!!🙌🙌😎😎
Walmart run 
I JUST WATCHED SOMEONE GET A TICKET FOR LEAVING THEIR DOG IN THEIR CAR WHILE THEY WENT SHOPPING IN WALMART AND IM THE HAPPIEST PERSON EVER
 ChefResha My 7 year old (4 at the time) asked me if the walmart cashier was a man or a woman while pointing
 Scaramucci lose the Walmart Equate soap bottle, add a desk plant, also this 1950's Plywood look is dreadful, at le… 
 gomez9339 I got a 6 for  200 at Walmart with StraightTalk and put my SIM Card in it
I had some off brand hot lays and chile they blessed my soul 😩🙌🏽 a dollar for a big ass bag at Walmart
WIN a  50 Walmart Gift Card 
marbles and peach are in walmart ?  Jenna_Marbles 
Oreo churros!! It's going down tonight!!  oreo  churros  fatgirl4life  chocolatelover  walmart  … 
Walmart remind me of najah w the big drawls that night 🤣 
My hometown Walmart has to be my least favorite place in the whole world
 sale Mainstays Deluxe Orbit Chaise Lounge with Umbrella Side Table, Seats 2 -  188.83: Walmart offers Mainstays… 
 Kiraeyl I feel like a Walmart greeter started talking to me when I get those lol
I need to go to Walmart to get stuff for my house but I'm so lazy today 😩
 Manda_PandaYT  TigerLover78  loriell86  tamtastical Be sure to keep it clean (no scented soaps), I used hibiclens… 
 SPOOKYTlTS They have a cocoa butter scar serum at Walmart for like  10
You never know how many dirty looks you get until you walk through Walmart with your dog in your hands like wtf y'all looking at
I've never been as embarrassed about anything as I was last night at Walmart with Erica 😂😂
Walmart: Lava Heavy Duty Hand Cleaner Only  0.26! on  bloglovin
"Hey I have an idea, let's have 100 cash registers, but only keep 4 open!" - Walmart
Walmart + Trump Wall = Maze Runner
 Matrix 

Great Wall of China was used to keep foreigners and their ways out and… 
My dad and I deadass just had an argument on what type of beer to buy at Walmart 💀😂
 USCCA Don't make fun of me but Walmart. They always have the Winchester value boxes
I went to 7/11 and then to Walmart and then back to 7/11 just to get ONE SPECIFIC DRINK FOR MY BROTHER and then there was none left
Back speakers in the car decided to start working again just in time for me to blare Britney Spears new album through Walmart parking lot XD
Mom Finds Encouraging Note Taped To A Tree  GodVineBestOf90Days 
I love going to Walmart it really boosts my self esteem being here looking like a damn snack
 MattLaslo  ThePurpleCat16 I didn't get the free griddle since I bought it at Walmart. I did drive over it with a car and it still works!
 all4thelulz  Walmart Like 2 weeks ago
 MsAvaStClaire  MalikaFantasy  RosieLux_ You can buy guns at Walmart in Washington as well
Walmart loves us employees so much that they're playing Kidz Bop to boost the back to school sales.
" WalMart proposes policy actions to boost U.S. manufacturing"  icymi
We were in Walmart & my cousin Saadiq asked my cousin (his mom) "You have a penis?", she said No.
He said: "Oh, you… 
 FatKidDeals  Walmart was this for yesterday? i didn't even see it officially release.
Channel vs Walmart.

I love my parents xd <3 
 MsAvaStClaire  MalikaFantasy  RosieLux_ WTH, they sell guns at Walmart in the US?! 😂
Chanel VS Walmart  Taxi5 
I have been fired from 23 jobs in my life...

By far the worst job I ever had was working in the hot deli section o… 
i hate walmart
 laineefox I have to go to Walmart first then I'll come to the powwow 😜 make sure and come see me!
dad makes me go to walmart to play the xbox demos in the video game isle
 isaacthecutie  Sebastiann_800  diego_n734  LClaretJ  andresthealpha Walmart too expensive, just get them from 3 for 20
Bruh I’m going to Walmart after work for these 
 Walmart This fishes are dead people. Some of ya might not care but it’s terrible conditions for any animal.
if it looks like im scared in this picture, its bc i am. i was at walmart and there were a lot of powerful dark energies present
Academy is the Walmart of sports stores - Dad
Why must Walmart shelve back to school supplies this early? Like ion even wanna think about that shit no more. Irks my girth, man. 😒
 CHorne622 hey go buy a new one 😉 Walmart is right around the corner
So I was at Walmart today and this old lady was looking at vegetables and I walk by and out of nowhere she's like "manners." Like really?!
Sheaff: Loser, loner, wannabe Walmart shopper
Front row Led Zeppelin(bed seat) now in concert Mastro Theatre 2. 
Wow y'all, the Walmart capes are real.
 Sebastiann_800  jvettez  diego_n734  LClaretJ  andresthealpha Get it right one time 🙄 they’re from Walmart.
you guys are a walmart of Why Don't We bye. 
Walmart* 
Why tf is it 97 degrees INSIDE the mf Walmart
I seriously think that Sunday's are Platteville's day off. Like literally everywhere, even Walmart  😒
The parents got teary eyes when I offered them the Walmart gift cards I got for them with all your generous donations. Again, thank you ❣️❤️
The other day at Walmart this (looks to be young homeless woman) had a baby outside in this 100 degree weather 😿 
At the Walmart waiting for my truck tire to be fixed on the fly. These bananas are tempting me to eat them while I wait;)
I'm gonna go to Walmart and just buy myself like 3 or 4 marvel movies to watch all day long
Pulling up to Walmart is like pulling up to the club...
Print Five BRAND NEW Luvs & Pampers Coupons to Score Cheap Diapers at Target or Walmart 
 Essence  Walmart So I noticed you didn't put your veggies in a bag...
 RyanLostinTX I found a giant jar for  5 in the concession stand section at Walmart. Frying was an eye-opener (when… 
Walmart fired me but I wanted to leave anyway 
Suddenly being drunk at Walmart at 2:15 in the afternoon on a Sunday 🤷🏻‍♀️
 curlyhaircee walmart bby , u can get it anywhere doe its shea moisture 
WALMART TORE UP WITH THIS WACK ASS BONUS 🙄😒
Which Walmart do you go to? Cause I live in south Austin & there's nothing scary about any of them. 
walmart a side hustle 😂
this little girl just walked in the WALMART bathroom and said "this is a lovely place"
IF YOU DON'T WANT PUPPIES GET YOUR DOGS FIXED SO YOU DONT HAVE TO GIVE THEM AWAY IN THE 100 DEGREE WALMART PARKING LOT !!!
Jace and I went to Walmart for groceries. This is all we made it out with. 😳
Rockin this at Walmart and the cashier asked me what revival I went to 😂  G59 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Plymouth, NH 
Finally off work! That was an a+ card.… in the walmart parking lot fight.   ufc214  mayhem_bot
 krissylea890 Texting you're Walmart boy?
:)
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God via the  FoxNews Android app
fucking with Walmart im sick aab all these different type of people with they dirty asses 🙄🗣
And I'm not even at Walmart
 SearsAuto 25% off and we have a deal. otherwise im going to walmart
A glimpse at the growing memorial outside Walmart for 10 immigrants who died. Prayer book found 40yds from store. 📸… 
You can be shirtless in Walmart. 
 savthegemini I'm literally not lmao buy the candles Walmart sells by the frebreeze and laundry shit. They're 4  and so much better
 UnicornHunni Walmart was crowded and I was just overwhelmed 😩
I liked a  YouTube video SNES Classic Pre-Orders Cancelled - Walmart Screwed Up Bad - AlphaOmegaSin
I'm finna call a uber too come bring me too Walmart
jesus fucking christ that is underhanded and manipulative and a guaranteed way to walmart
I'm listening to this aphex twin track as  walk past a Walmart parking lot and there's a car alarm that syncs with the music perfectly...
I can never go to the College Walmart without being asked for money
 savthegemini Their candles are trash Walmart has better ones
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: Would be a nice win!
My mans, Shipley donuts be soft like booty cheeks and big ass hell. Krispy Kreme taste like walmart snacks 
Pt2  walmart employees however do roll their eyes at you. Horrible
 PsiSyn Whoo Hoo!  Walmart party supplies!
 target always honors a price if they place several of the same item in the wrong spot.  walmart doesn't honor prices... Pt1
 Dust_md  jimsciutto Because tariffs would raise prices at Walmart.
FreeLife XTreme tonight   6pm 
"Swim Party"
Hangout
Food-snacks,water,&pop
(Bednar home-3444 S. Stuhr Rd)
East of South Walmart
*pastor Jeff
Just moved to America.
Ate some Wendy's.
Saw a rascal at Walmart.
And tonight I'm live tweeting  GameOfThrones, bitcheeeeees.
 airhorns
 yahboiiglen_  GentryKainer  hjstrayer 
Track 1: he is ur president
Track 2: golf gets u bitches
Track 3: Walmart (… 
At Walmart ask the Clerk where is your pet stuff so they said I have no idea I work in groceries are you kidding me
 PhillaCaitlinxo we got a new date for iHop😏😏 but wait are we going to walmart today 😂
Lawd in Walmart high asf buying everything 😂😂😂😂😂😂
 princessbulmas How'd that praying work out for those kids?! I'm sure they all made it make home before her dumbass left Walmart!
 MsAvaStClaire  shy_and_quiet Ava at Walmart is the best twitter thread of the day.
Dari came to pick me up but she forgot she was picking me up so she didn't pick me up so she's at Walmart w/o me bc she forgot to pick me up
Grass-Fed, Organic Ground Beef – Low Price at Walmart via Natural and Organic Coupons - Walmart ... 
Office Depot, Walmart, Jet, HP & More! Expiring Amex Offers & How to Maximize Them - 
Office Depot, Walmart, Jet, HP & More! Expiring Amex Offers & How to Maximize Them - via… 
*At Target, overhearing two guys talking*
1: I told you we should have gone to Walmart.
2: I know, I hate Walmart. They have everything
Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows JR9-00011 - 
Munchkin Click Lock Sippy Cup 2-Pack for  3 + pickup at Walmart
http:
 davidcoverdale I love hearing Whitesnake as the soundtrack to the new Walmart back to school commercial!
I hate going in Walmart for anything !!
 MegsDeAngelis We wanted to revamp Walmart appearance 😂 
 AlliSpeed  JBorowski My Walmart here in North Florida sells them ;)
Walmart is hell for people with anxiety
I tried a Walmart in the Barrio for Bowman Platinum. They didn't even sell sports cards.  collectfail
for the bureaucrat, the Walmart is a encased object to be manipulated by him 😮
Walmart on a Sunday really does give me the worst case of anxiety 😖
Old dirty ass Walmart bag, found a receipt, old enough to legally drink 
 amcx98 Yeah, perhaps the infomercial/walmart ones made overseas. I got mine directly from MP store here in Minneso… 
So I'm in line at Walmart and the lady in front of me asked me if I could hold her baby 😭
For a second time I left my money at Walmart after paying at the self checkout. Hope somebody used that  40 on alcohol
 BaldurBarons  DallasSansom  T_Bartman  traviswillerton bunch of big talkers in hear.... 16.99 in us walmart. so ch… 
Stealing from Walmart like a fucking badass
Walmart sells fur suit heads
I just found this PERFECT shirt at Walmart and I'm inspired to represent my love for horror more with my stuff 
 MsAvaStClaire Well at least you fit in drunk. That is a Walmart requiement. 😂
Girls Backpacks - Backpacks for Girls at 
 ChadBec82312937  thecardcrate Yes I would have still been happy. I love ripping packs. Hits or no hits. As for the… 
we in walmart and these lil boys see lana and start playing lightswitch😩😍😂 awwwww
 KeithOlbermann Omarosa's looking a little chunky these days!! ...or maybe Walmart just didn't have her size in that dress ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 shy_and_quiet  MsAvaStClaire  RosieLux_ This. I've literally never seen anyone who looks like Ava walking around Walmart.
 nola   Walmart East Meadow 
Seeing the back to school aisles in Walmart gives me some serious flashbacks. Not mad I get to stroll right past them now.
Had to run to three different grocery stores looking for a spaghetti squash bc kourtney took the last one at Walmart and I'm not happy
When you're in Walmart and you're so fucking bored out of your mind.
This lady was so angry at me for no reason today and gon say "this the reason I don't come to this ghetto ass Walmart" like ma'am Idc
Another day and walmart wanted me and  NailahPromotions  services again so I'm back in the… 
I stopped seeing the man who sits at the entrance of Walmart and says "welcome to Walmart". I hope he's doing well
Be careful next time you shop at Walmart! Haha 
State Of Decay [MULTI][WaLMaRT] PC 
 Ericetera  AltoidLover I mean the whole deal with Archie working at Walmart (having lost his factory job) and Michael being a Bernie guy.
 JoJoSiwa party supplies! My Walmart had quite a few left, these have been hard to spot!  jojo  party… 
 endbycende Looks like there is a walmart 9 mins drive. So maybe I can take an über and grab you one 🤷🏻‍♀️
 Katascadero  jpmorgan Don't shop at Walmart,3rd rate products made in 3rd world shit holes (see trump inc.) Good f… 
 Dave2Dtv I found an Acer aspire 5 (from your newest video) with an i7 for  600 
[Walmart] Bravely Second 3DS  19.96 
 MelissaRMahon stumbled across a chocolate milk sale at walmart. go me! 😃
ok but like real talk while y'all are pay hella money for school supplies at Walmart, I'm going to dollar tree tf
 georgefenneman Why not blame Walmart?
Fruit of the Loom Women's Hipster Panties 6pk for  7 + pickup at Walmart - 
Found a cute one piece bathing suit from Walmart on clearance for  11 today though
Okay so  LAimee76 you need to see if there are football jerseys in a WalMart if you are ever in one. I'm too cheap to buy a good one
 Walmart has their  CoffeeMate Fall/Winter creamers out!! There was this, peppermint mocha, and… 
*mom and I run into old family friend   Walmart*
"Oh my goodness look how big you've gotten! Are you excited to sta… 
 Staleymatt11 But in my defense... the Walmart and Target are kinda next to each other and relatively the same distance from me
 Ryan_1828 Are you sure your wife didn't trick you and take you to Target instead of Walmart?
I liked a  YouTube video WE GOT CAUGHT IN WALMART!!
 walmarthelp BTW. The best thing an employee can do is a simple hi. It's not that hard and it goes a long way… 
Walmart: Lava Heavy Duty Hand Cleaner Only  0.26! 
I liked a  YouTube video 24 HOUR WALMART FORT *EPIC FAIL*
Luggage - Every Day Low Prices | 
 MsAvaStClaire  RosieLux_ Totally believed you were at Walmart. It's the part about you blending in I doubted...
 samregan27  BryceMcQuaid Walmart?
La Media Vuelta (Rumba / 25 Bpm) via  YouTube (I heard this at Walmart...piped in music...memories of long ago!)
Walmart Top Deals of the Week - Jul 28 - Aug 12 - 
 Super  Special  Savings 
Beautiful Hexagon Keepsake Family Pendant with engraved pattern & Genuine Stones… 
Walmart on Guide Meridian/ Non injury accident, one driver has no insurance
 Walmart what is the point of nearly 40 checkout lanes if you only ever open eight at any given time? You lost my sale again.
 Walmart needs to get some new carts fr
RESET: Regional  1/1 Blue Plate Mayonnaise printable coupons (MONEYMAKERS at Walmart/Publix!)  coupon
Walmart sucks
 thewoman62  realDonaldTrump  Walmart They don't understand economics. They would scream if they lost their jobs to HB1 workers
Thank you to the man who recognized that I was a teacher buying school supplies at WalMart today & paid for them all! Made my day:)
 HABOOSKl here's the link to it love! 
I'm wheezing. Walmart knows me so well 😭😭😭 they have a fucking minion JUMPER 
 JesseCale will you be selling your books I'm book stores or stores in particular like target, Walmart or books a million?
 SWchickadee Haha wait why Walmart? They'll never put one here in the city tho
 Wes10 I was at my local Walmart and I spotted Jojo Siwa balloons. I didn't take a picture of it but this is what t… 
A Noob pooped on Walmart's Ike  amiibo during the  amiibohunt
There's a vase of flowers in this Walmart bathroom and I'm wondering how often people have pissed in it.
Is it a sign that I've listened to  MCR the past 3 days and now it's playing I'm Walmart  thinkingofyou
So me my bestfriend and my girl driving to walmart right minding our business. Next thing you know my girls mom pulls up in a truck
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Worcester, MA 
Check out the link below for these Freshware XL Bamboo Cutting Boards 
 freshware

WHAT HAPPENS AT WALMART: via  YouTube
Walmart sushi is never as satisfying than Kobe and that is just really disappointing to me....  ineedtomove
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Chillicothe, OH 
... Jeremy, just the sort of thing you enjoy! Xxx 
 realDonaldTrump End the foolish trade deals.  If we stop buying everyone else will also stop. Then goodbye Walmart
For instance, employees of a store should not be saying "oh a puppy, hi puppy" to a dog clearly in a working vest.  Walmart
 callme_QUEENP When you spend your whole life growing up in Midwest Iowa and now you're too good for the Walmart... 
one time quinn told me how i can print my own pics at walmart but i never found the app so i don't know how to do it still :-----(
We are giving away puppies at Walmart in commerce. Come get one!
 USCCA Turns out Walmart is my best " bang" for my buck
Rumor: Nintendo Asked Walmart to Cancel SNES Classic Preorders 
This is the "CSM huddle." They didn't even say hi or anything when we walked by. Guess they're too busy discussing… 
 UnboxTherapy look what I found  Walmart today 😉  SamsungGearVR  SamsungGear  SAMSUNGGEARVR3 
 gishwhes I talked to a girl I have a major crush on at Walmart and she said I was cool thanks :)
These Walmart lines start oding fr I jus want some edge control
Dang walmart you're not waiting at all to jump in this game.....craaaazzy!!  bakedinvegas… 
It's been a long day   Walmart Paris - Lamar Ave 
Just saw someone my age who I know isn't handicapped in any way shape or form park his cocky ass in the handicapped parking space at Walmart
Walmart definitely. 
Lmao I went to Walmart earlier to grab some things for dinner and totally forgot the most important thing in the recipe

The fucking steak
Walmart been stepping their game up with their athletic clothes 👌🏻
 bcartttt  ehhhmm Yes girl   Walmart in belmead. But ask for Judy
 mybabyrowlands  karleesteel They are at walmart
Step one: Quit Walmart 
what aisle does  Walmart keep their nuts in?? Every employee i ask has no idea and won't help i've been in this walmart for ages help
Costco, target and Walmart is where you find hot moms with they bad ass kids 
 luckybleu  jpmorgan I hope so, since I own stock in those very banks.

But, thanks for trolling the aisles at Walmart.  Have a nice day!
Goes to Walmart to get medicine. Say I'm just gonna look around. Spends  50 😂 
whatever. I got a bunch of shit I need and will need so 🤷🏽‍♀️
If Walmart didn't cancel those Super Nintendo orders we would've been eating  100 profit on each one 😂😂
 navyChiefalways  CNN  onehotcorona  foxandfriends Hmm are they hitching a ride back in a trailer truck...pick up is at Walmart😏
When Foster Mom's WIC Card Wouldn't Work, Walmart Cashier Pays Her Bill 
 XiaAshlee That's terrible! I have an old longboard that I got from Walmart if you'd like it 💁🏻 it's not high end but it does the job
 zuleykav9 Seriously thought about "borrowing" one from Walmart earlier because of the same reason 😂
I did the Walmart Grocer Pickup yesterday. I out the order in Fri afternoon and picked up yesterday. They bring... 
All I have left 2 do is Walmart for juices and pinata candy so I can do these treat boxes Friday night
shirt stolen, marilyn monroe, last summer 4th july walmart jboro rd morrow 
 walmarthelp LOL that's a joke. Walmart has the worst customer service. When you walk by your employees and they do… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Port Charlotte, FL 
 molt   Walmart Baton Rouge - N Mall Dr 
I'm at Walmart, a boy(7/8 y/o)is in the BR stall next to me & tell me how I'm about to wipe my chocha y ese cabron peeks under the stall!!
half of jv baseball works   walmart and i'm not ab it
any single ladies come to greenwood walmart bc everyone's soooooo fine
Is it me or is Walmart the off brand target but I love it
 harley_renae girl the clearasil set at Walmart cleared my face up quick
PSA: can't print nudes at Walmart 💀😭
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes 
Lake City Walmart have the most ignorant fucks as Customer Service mangers 😑
 javi6ix Walmart
 jonathanrey_ The men's section of Walmart for like  12!
do walmart stay got gfs
 _sommeralexis Hoe we ain't seen or heard since we went to Walmart 👀👀👀
Buy Buy Zestra for him at   wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth… 
God's hands and feet. 
 charitylizz Haha of course I do. I love publix though, so much cleaner than walmart lol
ok HEH buys will  wear  at walmart
Somebody handed me  CallMePapiJAY tape as I was walking outta Walmart, I usually toss em but this mfer dope af
GDP +2.6%, Walmart adding 1.5 million manufacturing jobs, ISIS is being obliterated. Workplace participation up. Fi… 
 NotJimmieJ Should have to shop at Walmart with jean shorts and a tank top on
eBay: 2015 DAN DEE Walmart CHRISTMAS Snowflake TEDDY BEAR Brown GIRL 20"  teddybears  plush 
 Uncle Vigs 7/26 Blog Post: Osama bin Ladin and a Walmart couple!! 
 xLosingFaith What??? You need a Walmart close by!
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Walmart Loss Prevention Stops A Customer Who Paid For All Her Items &
Lady in Walmart told my daughter how pretty she was.... in response, she put her hands up and growled saying "MONST… 
If you think the Price Walmart is bad.. I dare you to try Tooele's 😳
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Saint Robert, MO 
Comparing Cardi B to Nicki Minaj is like comparing Walmart to Whole Foods.
Just landed in Las Vegas, I must be at the wrong one.. I think I landed at the Walmart one.... Or Hollywood lies...
 vegasnation
Walmart Issues Massive Announcement I thought something was up when  AmazonIsNWO said they will put Walmart under 
Just was informed a bunch of kids has been found locked inside a car at Walmart Jefferson City. Police are on the scene.
I liked a  YouTube video PUBLIC DARES IN WALMART!!! (HILARIOUS CHALLENGE)
This dude at Walmart was trying to get his guap today man
Deals: Fire Sense Large Yakatori Charcoal Grill  22.34 (
went 2 walmart 2 get lash paradise & check out lady asked "everyone is getting this, is it good?" i was like "well  JeffreeStar said so ya!"
 cs6627  LeDonnePrime Ok, put it this way: If a young man is checking out bras and panties at Walmart... what is your reaction?
I hate going 2 Walmart or any public place in general. I end up getting so mad at STUPID people that leave before I finish the reason I went
Yall the lady at walmart went outta her way to find me free glasses that fit my lenses bc I was too broke for anyth… 
"On your way home stop by Walmart and pick up these groceries" 
That's why ion go to Princeton Walmart. I be pissed. 
I'm fr about to go to Walmart just to get tomato soup
somebody in Walmart thought that is was 8-9 years old...

This has been an episode of the Life of Lil' Em.
You have to be a special type of serial killer to eat at Subway inside a Walmart.
Walmart said 125  for a scrip I NEED but for 15 pain killers its almost 30  fuckkinngg doneeeeeeeeee  sos
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
I should have went to Walmart 😢
S,, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to puq the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
I h8 Walmart
 MarisaB2012 I can't even enjoy Walmart anymore because of pelvic pain 😫
I'm so freaking bored I'm about to go to Walmart so I can get a notebook and start studying for an exam
 Zeaadology All I know is Best Buy/Walmart sells them for 300 I haven't seen cheaper ones
 Walmart you're all class all the time 🥂 
 plushcharm Walmart has some. I'm going to get some tonight.
 jonjones  JoaoCorona  LoudMouthMMA It's like going to Walmart, but they call it twitter.  Merica
 xotx_ Get this at Walmart it's  3 it's bomb! & African black soap. Or if that doesn't help look on Pinterest 
Got my own Mio Bar. Lookin like the rack in Walmart. My Water Stay flavored. N no Sugar… 
🤦🏾‍♂️say Walmart not good enough 
 RRN LPT: At stores like Walmart, the bathrooms in the back are almost always cleaner and less busy.
So I come home to a Walmart bag chilling on my porch and it's filled with things I made for my ex four years ago 😂
"This nigga just told me he worked at Walmart, boy we is not gone last." 😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😂😂😂
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART HIDE AND SEEK (BEST HIDING SPOTS)
So do you know what I did? Wrote out a few ideas on my NEXT four writing projects. And went to Walmart.
Dude got into a fight cause a man was looking at his wife then he just threw a box at his face 😭😭😭😅 then ran ! Walmart crazy asf
 realDonaldTrump Walmart?  Do you know how much of Walmart's revenue is generated by products made in China?  WashPostPR
Y'all gonna learn about buying groceries in Walmart smh
 BriBae_601 nooo😂we got ice cream from the gas station. then to the philly walmart because i wanted chicken nuggets😂😂😂
I vote we put McCafe back in the Fergus Walmart. It takes too long to get across town now and all ur girl wants is an iced coffee😰
Is it the first of the month or something because Walmart sucks
 baaaaarce Bruh nav is straight garbage. Literally Walmart version of speaker knockers
I just had a Walmart employee carry my dog food out to my car .. I'm too hungover to function today
😭😭😭😂 Walmart fights are hilarious
Like Walmart bags 
 bryanlanning i'm going to walmart & i don't have enough wifi to watch the vlog. i'm dying to watch it!!!!!!
I miss random trips to Walmart/target and learning what type of makeup she would get
Only one guy has the keys to the racks at Walmart and he decided to leave for 10 minutes. All other reps can’t help bc no keys. 👏👏👏
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Little Rock, AR 
You know you’re in Southern California when you’re at Walmart and they’re playing Spanish music over the speaker
Arcade Fire is like the Walmart of alternative bands
 ShelboTheGoat I'm so annoyed lol didn't feel like driving all the way to Walmart tho
 datassque Why Walmart got 30 aisles, but the self check-out line the only one open?
Found & bought a battle back at Walmart today :O 
 Ap15Alyssa Come see me at Walmart tonight 6-10
Walmart arson case sent to grand jury - Martinsville Bulletin 
I hate going to walmart
"I don't fuck with Walmart anymore, only target" 
-  clairevhardman
As a stay at home mom, the only thing I have to look forward to is going to Walmart.
Mainstays Deluxe Orbit Chaise Lounge with Umbrella Side Table, Seats 2 -  188.83: Walmart offers Mainstays Deluxe… 
Got a full day of cleaning ahead of me, but went to Walmart already and dropped  300 before 12 so I'd say it was already successful lol
We found a 49' Samsung Smart TV at Walmart for  350. Last one. Score 
WE GOT CAUGHT IN WALMART!!: via  YouTube
Some dumb ass left 2 dogs in a hot car in the Walmart parking lot. These type of people shouldn't be allowed to have animals
Police: St. Cloud officer refused service at Walmart while in uniform | WFTV 
Walmart need to tell me when I got orientation
 shy_and_quiet  MsAvaStClaire Co-signed. Unless there's some models-only Walmart out there that I don't know about. 👍🏻
I liked a  YouTube video Dollar tree and Walmart haul (cute mermaid, llama, unicorn notebooks)
 Jim_Johnson53 Or the bottom of a shoe...that's walked through a WalMart parking lot.
i don't understand people, if my store is too expensive for you, the solution is to leave & shop at fuckin walmart not yell at me about it🙄
I love Walmart clothes
If Walmart orders microchips for employees, Charter doesn't apply. Would need a statute like ESA to prohibit it, or… 
I have to go to Walmart 😭
He tries a new device at Walmart, but hearing the news made him blush 
Wasn't feeling well today. Did  Walmart  Clicklist. Ordered from wrong store. 💀
It's picnic time! Bring my Strawberry Chicken Salad Sandwich Wraps &  BlueLizardSun  ad 
fresh Walmart Deli food the truth. BZ just talkin.
downgraded?
hmph no hunny he went from walmart to gucci
 alivia_200  chevyboy_11 HOW??? THEY ARE LITERALLY UP TO THREE KINDS AT THE WALMART CHECK OUT. NOT JUST WALMART. EVERY STORE EVER.
Image from ToyWatch Fluo XL White - 
 alivia_200  meeceaaliyah Have you ever been to a gas station? Or a walmart?
Walmart Security Cameras Part 2 - 
There is a teen girl in Walmart wearing a Harley Quinn cape and I have about 40 questions
Walmart Patrick Stump who? 
Best things about USA
•  TheCeleryMan&gang♡
• Walmart's antibac cart wipes
• 8,000 cereals
Odd things
• Toilet doors 
I also found this awesome  kingdomhearts poster in Walmart. It was an immediate buy! Can't wait to put it up in my… 
Grass-Fed, Organic Ground Beef – Low Price at Walmart 
highkey wanna spend the  20 at Walmart for a giant animal head mask.......
Uggghhh the dreaded grocery shopping. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Plano, TX) 
I just got the text from the Walmart pharmacy that they're ready for pick up.
 LVKEBVSSEY to be smi. kevin works at Walmart and chikfila almost 80 hours a week, and has been on the street despi… 
my sis: is Kmart the Korean Walmart? 

me: have you ever been into a Kmart?

my sis: no, but it sounds exotic 

me: 🤦‍♀️
Dollar Tree & Walmart: FREE Garnier Shampoo via Raining Hot Coupons - Do you shop at Dollar Tree ... 
 BookishBren I guess I never looked at that stuff. Maybe I can find some nice bath rugs. I opened it and my jar dro… 
New post: "Fire Sense Large Yakatori Charcoal Grill  22.34 + Free Store Pickup at Walmart or Free Shipping w/ Prim… 
Never cried in a club but I have cried in a Walmart a handful of times
Women’s Denim Jackets Just  8 via Couponing to Disney -  this Faded Glory ... 
I swear I just saw you in Walmart  __KMitchie! I was about to jump on somebody's back 😫😂
Farberware Electric 11″ Skillet Just  9.99 via Couponing to Disney - has ... 
Just looked down at my outfit and realized that I legitimately look like I belong here. I AM A PERSON OF WALMART.
Y'all these publix's in tally have SELF CHECK OUTS and CAFE'S and are the size of Walmart...
 Quinazland Update Hot Wheels  Lamborghini Aventador LP 700-4 - 2017 Lamborghini Walmart


Well ingredients shopping isn't going well. Should've expected it though.. Hick town WalMart.. ¬.¬
Have my check up in Kearney tomorrow and need to go to Walmart while I'm there.. my bank account is already dreading it as much as I am! 😩
Order Buy Zestra at  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid  amazon  sexualdysfunction
Okay this is so true, and why I lift my lipsticks from Walmart 
 ChrisMurphyCT  sister72 I'm sure he would feel differently as a 70 yr old  retired man who had to b a greeter at t… 
 AllisonMeitzen  Hippievinny  Trap_Jaye  BryJ42  johny_guzman17  iStayNsane but it's necessary. I work at walmart a… 
I removed these from my order but Walmart printed em anyway w/o charging me so I guess I have these pics of Nat now… 
 ChefResha It wasn't my kid but my little cousin was with us at Walmart seen a man with a turban on and said "look its the ice cream man"
Order Buy Zestra at  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid… 
 EckrichFlavor  Sweepstakes (7/11 to 8/18)  Win 1  4500 Gift Card or win 1 of 45  100 Walma… 
 SheHatesJacoby . Walmart was a nightmare
Got some plums from Walmart and they are so good
 MsAvaStClaire We understand trips to Walmart can be scary.  Just remember, don't make eye contact and walk quickly… 
currently having a mental breakdown cause walmart has school supplies out
 Lawrence_n_DC I work for a school district Education funding is lousy. Kids are uneducated because of it. No raise… 
Walmart is so gross
16,500 Walmart workers in Chile are ready walk out on Walmart. Solidarity!  FightFor15 
chanel vs. walmart 
When she say she at Walmart and then you search her on find my friends and it shows she’s at your best friends hous… 
Ok so Walmart in my small Indiana town didn't have lobster so imitation crab rolls it is
 rosecoIoredbaby i'm literally in walmart buying craft glitter rn wow art
If she eat outta Walmart deli, she can't be trusted. That shit nasty af
Good video for a Walmart ad. 
Lord give me the patience not to kill all the people who mozy in Walmart.
In Walmart taking all the boxes
Girl in Walmart almost hit me with her cart even tho she seen me ! I'd take you for a spin tho 😂
Tried to wave at  rclarktwo at the local Walmart but I guess he's too good for my employee discount... oh...
 NPR Oh my eyes. I have thick thighs and don't feel the urge to let them loose to flap around in public. Good video… 
Who goes into Walmart & asks outdoor guy if they have pot plants? THIS girl!!! 

I meant a pot to replant my bday f… 
Shopping at Walmart like a boss!   Langford, British Columbia 
I want to go to Walmart so bad and smell this NEW perfume from  flowerbeauty 😱 omg looks gorgeous! And it's blue 💙💙 
Exclusive: Not Made in  America -  WalMart looks overseas for online vendors - Reuters 
i went to walmart and the cashier was someone from my school anD I DROPPED ALL MY QUARTERS RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER
walmart was so flipped in panama 😂 
 ByYourLogic I got that IFC Kombat in Kiev DVD or some shit at Walmart for  1 once. Was a man amongst boys at that one night tourney.
You guys, I'm at Walmart. What is happening right now?
Walmart or Amazon:  42.43 Delta Side by Side Stroller! ( 80.33 Value) 
Aye that Walmart BBQ commercial racist as fuck
I always loose my parents at Walmart :/
Can we get happy hour in NC? Maybe a liquor store in Walmart?  WIthings
My parents are so extra... My dad just told my mother "llevame a pasear, quiero salir" so Mom responds "vamos a walmart" 😂😂😂💀💀💀
 stephant  good Sad news&sick  Walmart-invading privacy!Like  Macy's.Pls provide list of those intruding on customers so we stop shop there.
 milkblushh Sorry, I'm not Walmart
 Walmart our new flavor coming soon! Pops and juice in a bottle! 
 FatKidDeals Anything on ebay or walmart?
Need to go to Walmart , probably finna have to gone and do that now
Never go to Walmart on a Sunday 🤦‍♀️
Came for camp lunch stuff. Leaving with this (apparently). I ❤️ u  Walmart 
New video is out! Go check it out!  MakaylaFair  YouTube  walmart  vlog  


 FLGovScott  FLAnnScott And if his parents worked at WalMart, would he have the same insurance coverage he has now?… 
 Lawrence_n_DC Ppl can't afford to by US: sprinkler timer American made  40. Imported  20. Good for u that you can… 
Aesthetic: a tall suiter wearing a Walmart dragon shirt and kink gear and continue drinking
 reg599  theajthomas We went to Walmart too!  🔥
 Kalyps_ Persona 5 has been  10 cheaper at most places now. Amazon/Walmart have it for  50.
Idc if we're driving 6 hrs 1 way to go to Walmart. Always hmu w road trips.
There's a pikachu at my Walmart 
 JLarryHanna  JohnTDolan  Marines4MAGA  SenJohnMcCain My last appointment to see a VA Dr. was over 30 days - ended… 
My roommate said he could get me a job at Walmart I'll do it as a last resort but fuck Walmart
Save up to 75% on patio & garden at Walmart: 
This Walmart stay packed, bout to walk around the whole store!

Everywhere I go, my GO Device goes....

These... 
Had to share space with lowest of low, IKEA is the Swedish version of Walmart.
To all my single friends: if you're looking for the joints, hit up  WalMart in Kearny.  ThankMeLater
 Beautifuljaay_ brooooo. remember when we was at walmart that one time and i used that gel and a brush 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Back to School Shopping made easy & affordable --> 
Blimp flying over Walmart in Greer. The little kid in me was all excited.  yeahthatgreenville… 
I FINALLY found Pokémon cards at a local Walmart. Have you seen either of these before?  PokeMANandWIFE 
Sony Dualshock 4 Gamepad de R  639.99 por R  192.48
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Brastemp Ative! BMJ38 Inox 38 Litros de R  889.0 por R  727.98
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Panasonic Style NN-ST674S Inox 32 Litros de R  699.0 por R  524.99
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
 QueenofSparta  TheBoydP I thought Walmart was pants optional
PISSING PEOPLE OFF IN WALMART: via  YouTube
 Walmart automotive. Not cool  100 to change headlight bulb?  Drive 5 miles to diff Walmart- 20.  Not ok. Shady
Dear walmart tire center... Teach your techs proper tire pressure if they are putting tires on vehicles. Low... 
why she look like a walmart charlize theron 
PO1: He's a Walmart, Great Value version of an attractive man.
I really just lost my cousin at Walmart nms
ya mcm go to walmart to play the xbox demos in the video games haha hit my line u dirty hoezz
 Walmart please take better care of your fish I almost cried walking past all the ROTTING dead fish in those tanks. Unacceptable.
 SarahHSandiers Aren't you supposed to be in church? The moronic, Walmart shopping, Church Lady.
walmart
fuck walmart
My mom hates walmart, so I've never been in one :/
 dxyle Former Walmart and Burger King worker. I know the feeling all too well. You get by how you get by. I think t… 
 walmarthelp The  Walmart location  Markham&Steeles manager said  Al-Premium runs produce with non-English speaking… 
My mom and I are in Walmart and I go "someone smells good" she goes "probably that cute kid that just walked passed us" 😂😂😂
racist people these days😒 can't even go to walmart w/o strangers yelling nigger out their window while driving off. say it to my face?🤷🏾‍♂️
2 men just got into a fight and 1 flexed his firearm bc the one guy almost backed into me in the walmart parking lot
I've just been complimented on my "Walmart English"
Summer Is For Savings With Walmart Family Mobile


Style their dorm room while saving money at the same time. Find  backtocampus décor online now!… 
Does Katherine Heigl live in a Walmart  5 bin
I FINALLY found Pokémon cards at a local Walmart! And look what they have,  Leonhart54YT :D 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart tiene todo
 JulieSLalonde The Orleans Esso station on Innes across from the Walmart promises up and down that they are getting some on Monday.
Working at Walmart ain't no joke hea 😂🤦🏽‍♀️
I walked into  Walmart and said "hi how are you" to the welcome guy and HE DIDNT RESPOND
 Rivdog02 called a bunch of stores near me and drove to walmart
Not as cheap here but good choices!   Walmart Moore 
why is there a transformer up in the walmart parking lot rn
Cameron's hollering for help & 2 liters rolling.. maddie yelling for  5 ... me and courtney are just laughing... trips to Walmart.
Walmart Accepts BoeingP As Approved Third-Party Program For Monitoring Supplier Social Compliance… 
This autistic kid that works at Walmart came into subway today just to ask how my days going and to keep up the good work ☺️
Every time I go to Walmart and have on my McDonald's uniform people always ask me stuff no I don't know where the bathroom is
"Santa is just another way to spell Satan..."

"I was a nice guy before I started working at Walmart..."
The Parent’s Choice Formula Feeding Time Summer 2017 Sweepstakes 
THIS IS NOT A DRILL... I FINALLY FOUND POKÉMON CARDS AT A LOCAL WALMART!!!!! 
When you realize a job is more than just a job you can make a difference in someone's life.  It's an opportunity to…
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Carson City, NV 
When does the Walmart exclusive pennywise come out  OriginalFunko
they always got the deals it be target and Walmart scamming on school and art supplies 
 LauraLeeBordas  TheDaneGang This tweet is misleading,Laura.This person is no longer working there. She violated Walmart policy.
Citizen activist- no known location listed & Super Walmart shopper of the millennium   BadWILaws cannot stop whinin… 
How th walmart gonna be out of limes?
 ItsyBitsySmol eugh yah i've heard worse abt walmart definitely
Well a crackhead named Javon just followed me around walmart until I gave him  3 for "digorno spray"
Getting an air mattress to supplement the main bed. (  Walmart Supercenter in Paw Paw, MI w/  lovicebriggs) 
 jonasdowney 2FA is dead, going with Google authentication. Also just got back from Walmart. 
 TheEdwards_3 Creepy... Saw a guy try one on in Walmart today.
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
 Video Shows  Police in  Riverside  CA  Beating  Homeless Man at  Walmart  PoliceBrutality  Nevada  CopBlock
It's incredible how disrespectful and rude the  Walmart Pharmacy employees are. ✋🏻
There's never a WalMart trip w/o a story. Never. Today's best quotes from Santa Clause-lookalike at checkout...
 Y_Mark_Y  Bonobos  bonobosninjas It's an interesting move, but I assume they plateaued. If Walmart let's them be,… 
MTM 100 Round Shotshell Dry Box, 12-Gauge, Camo - 
 brushyfur It's an alright workplace unlike walmart
 AMike4761 needs to force walmart to pay all employees 40 hrs so they can get insurance... Until then Fuck  walmart… 
 AmyMek  Walmart Glad she resigned. This is not Walmart policy.
Getting an air mattress to supplement the main bed (  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Pensacola, FL w/  lovicebriggs) 
I'm at  Walmart_br in Curitiba, PR 
Why the Hell do people go to Walmart and buy crap made in China? All it does is give China coin to make weapons.  MAGAMyAss  RESISTANCE
can we talk about how i locked my keys in my car at walmart and then my friends got locked out of their house all in a span of an hour
I just had the most racist Walmart experience
I be wanting kids then I go to Walmart... and them kids make me reconsider
LPT: At stores like Walmart, the bathrooms in the back are almost always cleaner and less busy. - LifeProTips via … 
 graciepoooo  Walmart Grace please message us so that we can resolve your issues.
I just seen this nigga go forward instead of reverse in the Walmart parking lot and straight crashed into this car and then dip 😭😂😂
 UghSundays   Walmart Winchester - Bypass Rd 
this was the coolest shit ever at walmart 
 brickonator Walmart exec wants Bumblebee because that's who he heard everybody likes, not whatshisname the figure with cool engineering.
After a bumpy mishap a manager at Etobicoke Walmart allowed me to bury the hatchet. Great customer support 😊  WalmartCanada  HappyCustomer
 __xoxojay Walmart doesn't close early or target
Speaking of soda variations, I used to drink my share of grape soda until I bought the one from Great Value/Walmart and it tasted like glue.
 EmmaBelles  RickandMorty  ryanridley They sell those at the Walmart near me
When your honey HAS 
to ride the electric cart at
Walmart 🙄
 hatereverse
 IMRegularperson  trashyLibs  MaryANn07289039  laweez  JJohnson2u  StrauserLisa14  MikeSmith8260  kandeekane13… 
 Walmart tired of the shop lifting accusations everytime i shop. Is there some kind of Coke Zero and grahm cracker theft ring in Tempe?
Spoilers & our guest  martincasaus  walmartlog  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
Chanel vs Walmart

(sry Eleanor, ily anyway) 
Sam Walton: Made In America by Sam Walton:  Walmart  COST  SHLD  walmart
Yt trumpkin harassing some Latina girls in Walmart called me a "spic cunt" after I told him to fuck off w/ his hillbilly ass lmao 😕
I guess when noni is on baby duty she takes her to Walmart and she… 
me in my room, in walmart, at dance practice, at the library, on my way to class, at work, lol errywhere. 😂 
Only in  Walmart would you see this...
 holidaymakers  beware

 Katerintree And does this mean if I try to make different cultures' foods w stuff from WalMart I've done something… 
 Genfuyung  tfw2005 Apparently walmart get everything way faster
 PacmanTheKing_ Walmart
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God | Fox News 
Pookah shopping I'm still pouting  lolGambinomode (at  Walmart Supercenter) 
 ZinThePhoenix look what I found at Walmart. Will try later. 
Walmart Issues Massive Announcement - Tea Party News 
I can NEVER go in Walmart without somebody tryna shoot their shot & I turn them down each time 🤷🏾‍♀️ I just wanna shop in peace 🤦🏾‍♀️
I absolutely hate wen mans try too talk to me at work cause first of all ... I look like WALMART & don't wanna be bothered 🤷🏾‍♀️
 miraoumi Seems like a lot of fun to work there. Im not sure what store is like that here, maybe Target? Most peopl… 
 fruitxchild We would make the best Walmart Christmas Layaway team
 PowerRangersNOW My Walmart sucks.
Accidently took a lighter last night while i was faded and nigga callin me a thief, but yet was bragging about stealing it from walmart?🐸☕️
Omg the Walmart commercial with all the sleeping kids 😭
 CozmoLAGalaxy  lilxedith  Walmart  KelloggsUS No problem!
 Evelin_Luna I walk into Walmart through the exit door.
Fire Sense Large Yakatori Charcoal Grill  22.35 + Free Store Pickup 
Was at the Asheboro Walmart whoever owns this YOU ARE EPIC!!!! :)   North Carolina 
Working at the park = getting paid for pure entertainment. The people of Angola are literally the people of Walmart. 🙃🤗
How President Trumps meeting last Wednesday is getting USA on track for 6 Million New Jobs with WALMART


Wearing my roses shirt  honestgianna and I go to walmart and a girl goes "THATS SHAWNS MERCH!"  ShawnMendes  ShawnMendes  mendesarmy
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God via the  FoxNews App  
*every walmart 
Brought my own bags into Walmart. Cashier asked if I want to bag. Is there a response besides "Oh...sure" where you dont sound like a dick?
 Walmart I was given a choice to either take a refund or wait till the item came back online.
Satan manifests himself inside the Lake City walmart.
 lilxedith  Walmart  KelloggsUS Thank you for stopping by
 Savanna_Lovee Target, Walmart, or rite aid just make sure you get the "scrub" kind
walmart 
The lady on the Walmart courtesy cart didn't like my golden shower . People have become inconsiderate and thankless .
Walmart on tax free weekend  MadelineLeigh06?  think I have to draw the line of unconditional love right outside of those doors🙄🤦🏻‍♀️
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hartford, WI 
America  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
I haven't been in a WalMart for 17 years. But, This person that just followed me is a little creepy   . . .  blocked 
 BuddyBlue46
Look at God!! I found 12 dollars in Walmart lmao.
THE LEMONADE MOUTH SOUNDTRACK WAS THE FIRST ALBUM I BOUGHT I PAYED  11 FOR IT   WALMART 
Just another reason WalMart scares me. 😲🤢  wtf  gross 
 Walmart  2dayshipping is a joke. Ordered birthday gift to get by the 29th July. Am told that order is lost and item is out of stock.
Really Walmart! So, Walmart sells "dab storage" now 😐😒… 
Why is cotton eyed joe in walmart  Wes10 
 Walmart More reason not to shop at walmart  boycottwalmart
lol I literally came to Smith's instead of Walmart just because of the reserved pregnant bitch parking spot they have right up in front...
This was nice to see today. Local Walmart has some switch consoles 
I'm walking into WalMart 🚶🏿🛒 and the following convo takes place.....

Greeter (Older white… 
AIR HOGS STAR WARS Walmart Exclusive Star Destroyer RC Drone Radio Controlled 
 Olivia_Rodrigo okay, i guess instead of getting walmart donuts i'll go to an actual donut store
Amazon is killing the game,  Walmart can't even compete anymore
. PrimoWater, went to a  Walmart refill station & the bottle doesn't fit under the spout to refill. No tickets for recycling either. Assist?
Liberty and Courage Americana Men's Graphic Tee
Category: Tshirts, Walmart

 Quinazland Update Hot Wheels  Lamborghini Reventon - 2017 Lamborghini Walmart


They really wearing those yellow capes at Walmart, smh
 Amberleigh1029 Silly Amber. Have you experienced travelling anywhere other than your local WALMART?
Rest in peace  BettyDukes! 6 years ago w/ AAUW, I had the honor of meeting her & advocating… 
every time i get lonely or hung up on my lackluster sex life i remember that one time i paid for a plan b pill with a walmart gift card.
Walmart is a fannibal   confirmedt 
Yall don't know how much I miss Walmart. Haha everything was so simple
ok. never coming in walmart by myself again 😂
Ik its at walmart but holy shit all that for 406 what 
 Braungardtanner Do a raffle every 15 dollars spent on merchandise gets 1 entry to meet you at your house. Or go do… 
Sooo I'm putting out a APB on Damien Burke  Mac3Dame ! I know he better be at Walmart at 4 for work or imma assume the murderers got him 😕
I like when I watch my Brazilian friends stories it's the partying but my American friends it's them at Walmart or like having lunch
Stuff the Bus, sponsored by Mobile Retired Educators Association, brought donors, recipients and volunteers to the… 
Walmart vender Fidget Spinner
Why am i a greeter at a walmart that has no fkn customers smh
So much ass at heb and Walmart 🍑👀
 stephhugk Yeah dude. I just got it from Walmart. They stay stocked up. A lot of people carry it but they're always out.
I've never literally been tortured but I have walked behind the fat family 4 wide at Walmart....and they never look bank!
Back to school Drive  ygmovement  lilbankhead945 streetz945atl walmart  Cityofatlanta… 
i need to go by walmart.
Laying in my car in the Walmart parking lot during a storm
I find it at Walmart.  
Jack knows how hang out walmart while we college shop for James - an empty shelf and  marvel… 
 Walmart just walked out of store  688 & left a cart full of items AGAIN because of their adamant refusal to sufficiently staff check out
Why was  sxvie_ walking out of Walmart looking all boujee 😂😂😂
GOD Bless Shannon for spreading HOPE all over the place. What a beautiful world it would be if more people did this. 
 RossDawg12 Of course, I guess for some of these ppl Walmart is a beach vacation. They hang out in garden section
 Lowkeyonce_ Idk it's at Walmart tho
I need to go to Walmart but I can never just go for what I need, I always gotta buy the whole store.
Walmart Issues Massive Announcement via  UsaLibertyNews
To get my lazy ass up and go to the Walmart
Lmao  TheSeanRoberts were you just by Walmart?
Walmart: Cottonelle Fresh Care Wipes Only 78¢ (After Cash Back) 
Going to Walmart hungry is never a good idea
Let me share my 50 cent Walmart pie with you today,  gnarlysham. 
Awesome!
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God via the  FoxNews App 
LMAO THAT AINT NO PROMISE RING HONEY AND IM SORRY HE GOT IT AT WALMART
I don't understand why y'all all go to Kendra scott🙄I mean walmart has good stuff to😊
Walmart is too damn far in my heart. Looking like a target excursion...
I want a sub to buy this bed so I can fuck a real man in it. Now.  domme  verified  wishlistloser  rtdommes1 
 0.49 Cottonelle Flushable Wipes At Walmart!!! 
Chillin hard af in Walmart
I need to go to Walmart and Jcpenny
Why is there a  Walmart blimp over my house? 😆 
Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the God's voice | When God talks to you, listen.  Nicholas Tate, an American Hero.
NEW | F17026707 | MEDICAL | Loc: 1100 Block BoeingRTON ST E HAM   OTTAWA ST N/PRIVATE RD /CN: WALMART | Units: E9 | 7/30/17 15:58
 WoohReal1 I'll cook later , we just need to go to Walmart
 Walmart’s Plan To Renew U.S.  Manufacturing | 
"You gotta get dressed like that to go to Walmart" 😩 boy i have on jeans and a crop top stfu
. WWFnews  FoundationFAR &  WalmartGiving team up to study food rescue opps on farms  Sustainability  CSR
Blu - Ray Flashpoint 2837671... Apenas R 19.99 Acesse  Livro  oferta  desconto  lcdbr… 
Walmart been busy since I pulled into the parking lot😫
You have ceased being a legitimate org.  Disband and apply for work at Walmart.
I see the most beautiful guy at Walmart rn
I L0vEz wAlmArT                                      {retweet if you agree}
I always see some body I know at Walmart 😂
Wow! Great Savings at  Walmart  GreatDeals

This week I went to stock up on more K-Cups at Walmart! So easy for on the go mornings.  MAXatWM  ad… 
Cottonelle Flushable Wipes 47¢ at Walmart
Go here: - 
Stop by  WalmartCanada for our Hydrating Coconut Oil & Shea Butter Moisture Rich Body Butter: 
lol I gotta experiment first when I check it these freeze boxes from Walmart 
It's not everyday that you see a man with a flying squirrel on his shoulder checking out at Walmart.
 MadiiC55 when I had that adopted bird I used to buy him night crawlers from the bait fridge at walmart
Bach to school supplies haul 2017 | Target, Walmart, Dollar Tree| Homeschool.: via  YouTube
I have a week off after today. So Walmart please treat me right today 😂
 nazdsgn  DregoDaGreat For real, don't be putting that 💩 on Blacks, you ever see "The ppl of Walmart?" But that is trifling and funny.
-about to leave Walmart-
Randall: you got all you need?
Me: I got you & that's all I need. 
😻😂😋  Rkadlacek  sosmooth
Enter to win a  50 gift card from  Sephora  giveaway  contest  freethings 
Jimmy Dean is bringing a Real Breakfast Back Fast!  SimpleScrambles ~ walmart  ad Tales From A Southern Mom… 
New Candy Coupons - As low as  0.79 at Walmart and Target (Sprees, Laffy Taffy & more) 
You get tables every weekend but still buying draws at Walmart
I am so  happy!!!!! I  found what I was looking for at both Target & walmart,hopefully  when so do my shopping at... 
Every single time I come to Walmart, I leave with a bunch of unnecessary shit. 🤦🏾‍♀️
This is a true Random aAct of Kindness! 
walmart anytime really <<<
 Aymaxx  rickyberwick Although there are always compromises to prebuilt, not every prebuilt is a Dell-ienware from walmart.
Nintendo has a fiasco on its hands with the new Super Nintendo Classic -  
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Sheboygan, WI 
 JxstxnSmxth Kidz Bop?? 😠 Did you know you can request songs on Walmart Radio at 1-855-925-7346? What would you request? -Darsy
Where have you shopped for groceries more in the last 60days?
At a discount retailer (Walmart, Kmart, etc.), or your grocer?
 shopping  poll
walmart rn when school starts tomorrow over here <<<
 AlanaKazmer Walmart.ca and our retail stores operate as separate entities. Availability, pricing and stock might v… 
 Eugenia_Cooney Cool video. Must have been embarrassing explaining that to Walmart.  I wonder if those girls though… 
 keyareuhh_ i saw solar eclipse goggles in the myrtle beach walmart that will help u stare at the sun without severely impairing ur vision
 nipzips ohh we could go to walmart...
 Midwest_land  CNN The GOP is history starting in 2018.They backed this POS, now THEY will pay the price. I'm sure… 
When you accidentally book a haircut appointment at a salon in a Walmart but don't believe in cancelling plans so go through with it anyway
I liked a  YouTube video INSANE WALMART SPEAKER PRANK! (How To Get Banned From Walmart)
I wish someone else'd to go to Walmart for me! 🤦‍♀️  notashopper  dontwantto  ugh
I'm such a bad person.. I literally just watched a little girl run into the boys bathroom at Walmart and did nothing 😂
walmart scheduled me for 6 days in a row again next week they're literally asking me to quit LOL like bye motherfuckers👋
RUMOR - Nintendo had Walmart cancel their SNES Classic Edition preorders  SykoNews
You ever walked through the middle of a fight in a Walmart parking lot? Cause I just did.
Highlight of the trip so far? Mini pop kids version of that's what I like in Walmart while buying supplies to tarp a broken window
*cri bc hot walmart employee*
Walmart’s FREE Spring Beauty Box (+ NEW Men’s Grooming Box!) is Available Now, For a… 
Saw these hoes a week ago at Walmart and was Like fuck no 
First Data Launches B2B eCommerce Gift Card Storefront for Walmart’s U.K. Retail Chain ASDA 
Walmart es pet-friendly!!!! 
 AmandaCacciola But it's not busy at Walmart at 2am¿?
 urbandoll Do they sell them at Walmart or something? We don't have Target in Canada
i found a tommy hilfiger jacket online at walmart for half the price of it in store 
 Sunday  Special 
Cubic Zirconia Heart .925 Sterling Silver Earring & Pendant Jewelry set S… 
I kinda want to seriously try this school year while I am kinda wondering how I will look in a Walmart uniform just incase
 DramaticReplays  Walmart Nice
Uhhh some of these workers ar Walmart are wearing capes... wtf!?
Munchkin Click Lock Sippy Cup 2-Pack for  3 + pickup at Walmart - 
They are playing kids bop at Walmart. I hate people.
Bouta run to Walmart
 Im_TheAntiTrump They said it all with Walmart.
There were two Little Mermaids at Oser Roth Fest, but she was the Target version and I'm from Walmart🌊🐟 
Used to end up at Walmart to buy munchies lmao. 
Damn  Walmart taking advantage of that sweet sweet demand 
Everyone at Walmart drinks energy drinks and it's sooo gross. 🤢
Even a trip to Walmart is eventful with this group. VERY eventful 😁❤️   LoveMyTeam   Walmart… 
I'll see Walmart Tuesday ...
Gawd. I hate walmart so fuckin much.
Lady at Walmart: "You're going to get all these men in trouble with all those legs"
Me:Uses all those legs to get out of Walmart ASAP🏃🏻‍♀️
Headed to  walmart on  taxfree weekend this afternoon. Shouldn't be crowded right?
Currently being swarmed by flies in this Walmart McDonald's. Is this the apocalypse? Is this my rock bottom?
 SimonBooks  HillaryClinton BWAHAHAHA! Wonder how long it'll be before it's on sale at WalMart?
Shop my favorite wipes here! 👉  ad Carry them in my purse always! 🙌 mysweetspot… 
 jessica_steele7 You can find those in Walmart like shops
Seeing people buy school supplies at Walmart makes me wanna die
yesterday Ashten really got mad bc a guy was "checking me out" at walmart yesterday 🤔 (Ashten is my gay bff)
There is a legitimate group of Middle Ages adults playing Marco Polo inside Walmart at the moment.   Seriously.  Da… 
my mom left me in the car alone and i'm blaring blackpink in the walmart parking lot
Walmart Employees Accuse Shopper Of Stealing And Were Proved Wrong 
They got that loud!!   Walmart Orlando - New Goldenrod Road 
 CoachFreewilly  brandy1137  Ricaredo74  NBCNews but again Walmart doesn't give a certain group of ppl anything bel… 
Lego haul from Walmart clearance  lego  bizzyblox  afol  legoshopper  legodeals  bricklink… 
 StarWarsNewsNet DCMA takedown for the “resistance Rey” figure that Walmart put on sale a week before TFA. It was l… 
I hate walmart
I do not feel like riding to Walmart
 EsemicolonR  StormFourString The outbacks in Arizona line up to make a pentagram, with a Walmart in the middle
 iveyjanette_207 I hate all Walmarts but I live rurally so  my only choices are Smiths and Walmart but at least they're safe ones.
Went to Walmart to get Ana a toy and walked out with a new outfit, shoes, snacks and multiple toys. 🤦🏽‍♀️
my mom sent me 2 walmart and i left my car keys in my car ! 👍🏻
 EverSoNitro WALMART
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Helena, AL 
 Walmart: Sunbelt Granola Bars 88 Cents (Save  1.50!)  rebateapps
Walmart: Sunbelt Granola Bars 88 Cents (Save  1.50!) 
A nose job and sunglasses can only do so much to hide you from high school classmates at Walmart
 Retweet  BabyFood  Gerber 2nd Foods Sweet Potatoes Baby Food 3.5 oz 2 count 
Note to self....   remember not to go to Walmart on the Sunday before the start of school.  Sheeze...  what a zoo!  🐘  🐫  🐪  🦍  🐆  🐊  🦏
 StarWarsNewsNet HAHA yea. Right. I got a DMCA takedown for a toy Walmart was selling early.
No matter how much you fan a newborn at an afternoon TX Rangers game in July, you can't keep it cool. Take baby with you to Walmart instead.
Moto G4 Play (Unlocked)  74   Walmart YMMV 
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God  realDonaldTrump  toddstarnes  Franklin_Graham  DavidLimbaugh  
They don't sell manic panic after midnight anymore on I'm sad
Walmart Radio has been playing nothing but shitty Kidz Bop versions of songs & it has made this shift a living hell
Walmart Back To School Deals 7/30 
I wore a CUTE off the shoulder dress & heels today and had to stop in Walmart and got catcalled and stared at by old men the ENTIRE TIME..😐😑
'Pure compassion and love': Hand-in-hand, Walmart employee helps blind man shop 
I got way too excited in the back to school section at Walmart 😭
im wearing my trump shirt to walmart
 3.54 MONEY MAKER ON Right Guard Xtreme Deodorant At Walmart This Week!!! 
 sarahsquan I just saw you   Walmart but I was in a rush!!! 💖
Pretty upset about walmart not having eggplants
If you're not in the mood for a workout just go to Walmart on a Sunday afternoon, you'll wanna burn off some steam real fuckin quick 😒
They be working df out of Walmart employees 😂
*takes my ID* "¡Vieja! ¡Vieja!"
...I speak more Spanish than you think, Ms. Walmart cashier 😭
Walking through Walmart with grandma

Me: now we gotta walk all the way back!! 😩😩

Gma: not unless you wanna run

🙄🙄😂😂 done with the sarcasm
 Stripeydragon  MegaConstrux  DestinyTheGame At my local walmart 
 Walmart Issues Massive Announcement  jobs  economy  taxes  MAGA  Trump
 MsCereza Back to school Drive  ygmovement  lilbankhead945 streetz945atl walmart  Cityofatlanta… 
This Walmart has Valet parking and it's just about the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen.
 TwitchyTeam Brian did THAT???  He needs his "Lines" for his next job ... "Welcome to WALMart!"
I will never understand the outfits people wear at Walmart. 😳😳😳  shouldhavegonetoTarget 
Standing outside Walmart handing out JC Penney flyers to people who look rich
need to run to Walmart 😩
Summer Is For Savings With Walmart Family Mobile 
Back to school Drive  ygmovement  lilbankhead945 streetz945atl walmart  Cityofatlanta   Walmart… 
Campbellsville Walmart, where you see men walk around with no shirt, a pony tail down their back and a panda 🐼 head on.
Lmao I was really just told let's go to Walmart so I can steal breakfast items and you cook it 😂😂😂😂😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pinellas Park, FL 
 DVAMAlN  cutemimocos Heres the magazine if youre curious and wanna see it at walmart or target but its very cool 
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God! 
✨🌸 follow for more soft walmart live blogging 🌸✨
Hotels near Walmart Headquarters. Great Hotel Deals in Walmart Headquarters 
So we're at Walmart and everyone's looking at me like I'm crazy, I just have my hair and makeup done wth😩
Almost snapped on a leg-less Walmart employee. Thank you for patience God. Lol
At Walmart holding on for dear life
 johnemiddleton I don't know their current requirements. It can't hurt to apply: 
going to Walmart && by me a 5  chargers
Not a Walmart guy but they did have a 12 Pack of Purple Haze so we're good today blue demon of supermarkets.
This lady print her nudes on the Walmart photo center lmao
Target is Walmart with better lighting
 AMike4761 I remember when old man that owned Walmart would fly and make surprise inspections to make sure only had Made In America products
Never thought I'd see a celebrity casually shopping at Walmart lol
 MSNBC Go take your poll outside a Walmart in Alabama .
 HilaryDuff  Fashion: Hilary Duff Dignity_Walmart Exclusive 2-Pack_Brand New_Rare & Collectible_Nice!!… 
The people in Walmart are so fucking wack
The Sprouts peaches were terrible and the Walmart peaches were great. Go figure.
Me and a Walmart employee just started crying bc a toddler had a mini cart and she was showing us what she got 😭😭😭😭
 i_love_walmart  ExistentialWizz carl sagans words with some swapped nouns but its a good video
. Walmart employees grab the receipt out of my hand every time. It's so rude!
I hate going to Walmart
SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE  Nintendo  snes  Retro  8-Bit  16-Bit  VideoGamer.Shop
I'm loving the new  Walmart uniforms 
 IamNeimanMartin Can i get it at walmart ? Mixtape in bio tho
 alyssa_adley I saw him at Walmart the other knight, he has gotten tall.
ME & MY SISTER GOT HELLA LONG FAKE NAILS FROM WALMART KRBDISHS HOW DO PEOPLE LIVE LIKE THIS
Except the bitch who just tried it with my bro. She a walmart brand ass ho
Yo anyone tryna tailgate walmart today
 ReturnOfWeezer  Trumpified_King  airborne870724  MemeLord699669  momfarts  SLAPTHELEFT  HLYNN714  TSpriDeplorable… 
One of the rings of Dante's Inferno must be the Walmart Tire & Lube Express.
 morgansteeves i've been using mane and tail from walmart!! my hair literally never grows and since i started using… 
 Walmart Just checking in to make sure you're still a greedy, evil empire that doesn't care about its customers...aaaaand yep.  SNESClassic
Walmart is the best, especially after 10pm 
 texfuncamgirl I have to go to Walmart today... 😭
me and braxton are both making mom buy us a bunch of shit at walmart 😏😂😂
 Walmart What is with the kids bop style radio these last few days? Bring back the regular please, us workers are going crazy!
My stepdad really ironing his shirt just to go to Walmart 😂  if you don't just throw something on...
Summer Is For Savings With Walmart Family Mobile via Dian's Daily Deals - This shop has been ... 
 DWAnimation you can find me on Amazon Books A Million Barnes & Noble and Walmart and e-books
Little Tikes TotSports Easy Hit Golf Set Just  11.76 via Couponing to Disney - has ... 
Pushy Red Cross lady outside Walmart got mad I wouldn't give blood. Sorry. Normally I wouldn't've been laid within past 12 months. Bad luck.
I just witnessed two accidents in the Walmart parking lot while listening to Debussy. 

I think I'm in a Wes Anderson film.
 Hannahhh_Davis omg i'm in walmart and i'm having vietnam flashbacks
When I go to the walmart on Skibo instead of the one in Spring Lake 😭 
 StumPoMaticLove Just bought ghostbusters shirt at Walmart and made a little face thing
 AMike4761 Especially knowing Hillary used to sit on Walmart's Board of Directors and voted against employees every time.
Chanel Vs. Walmart 
I got my red shirt at Walmart please dont tell anybody
Hi  Walmart !! Since y'all aren't doing price match; as of 7/16/17... will  SavingsCatcher still continue?! Plz Don't take it away! 🙏🏼☹️
 TasteOfChanel I found nice silk one in Walmart, I don't know if they usually carry it or that was just lucky but y… 
Get A Free  1000 Walmart Gift Card || Easy way to get  1000 walmart gift cards: via  YouTube
 Arsonall LOL...   500 can get you a decent one with HDR at Walmart.  Samsung...
 Target....trying to get to  walmart level I guess......fucking sad.....
My dad telling people he's hungover at Walmart is the highlight of my day so far 😂
How do I ALWAYS pick the smaller line at Walmart and it ends up taking longer than the others!
 JustaBBFan13 Jody about to get right back together later on like they do after EVERY argument.They like the Walmar… 
 hannicash15 walmart and amazon
I dread Walmart trips. 😫
Trump Team Has Special Meeting... Walks Out With Nearly 6 Million-Job Plan For America. A Deal with WalMart!   ma4t  
America's newest grocery store chain has an advantage that should terrify Walmart via  BIfrance
mom, buying a pair of flip-flops at walmart: 🎶i don't check the price, I make my own money and i spend it how i like🎶
RED ALERT: THIS WALMART SHOPPING CART "BOOBY TRAP" COULD SEND YOU TO THE... via  YouTube
 FrugalFlirtyFab  SweetSpotLabs  Walmart I love coconut!
Win a  250 Walmart e-Gift Card 
 graciepoooo  RugDoctor  Walmart Call them and you'll get your money back. Trust me lol they definitely suck
kam's perfect pancakes literally made mines look like some chanel vs walmart sh*t
ALS ice bucket challenge in Walmart 
I think it's about time to make a trip to Walmart for a new phone charger🙄
some knock off brandon and brody jenners are in walmart and they r cute lmao
"My legs are like Walmart,always open." - karringtonlynn
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hallandale Beach, FL 
to end posting pics of little me, here's another one with my sister when we were at walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dover, DE 
 Fashion  Music  TaylorSwift - Beautiful Eyes EP (Walmart Exclusive) New And Sealed  CD+ DVD… 
My mom need to take me to Walmart seriously 🙄
It's been 2 and 1/2 hours and I'm still waiting for Walmart to finish changing my tires🙄🙄
I get a lot of compliments on my  12 Walmart dress, 👌🏽
Watch Out: That New Walmart Cantaloupe was Developed by Monsanto 
He wants to go to Walmart with me.
 40 million in 2016 for top 5. They pay us walmart wages. fupm  giantcomms  mikegrif747  AtlasAirWW 
 ConnieEB We don't want your milk falling out! Did you speak to a manager? Please leave your concerns at… 
I hate going to Walmart... long, stupid lines😔
 Crowleypants It just is saying hi to people walking in a store like meijors or Walmart .
 bandzkj  rosebraunlol madison walmart
Finally.. Walmart's new line of Halloween costumes have come out. 
Since Walmart began welcoming 3rd party sellers in 2016, they’ve shaken up the ecommerce scene. Sellers are excited… 
 realDonaldTrump But the steel pipes they sell is through Walmart.
 TerriKemna I agree! They need a place to hang other than parking lots and Walmart. A safe indoor location for teen… 
I've been at Walmart every weekend so I couldn't enjoy my summer.
"heartbreaker" by that one guy is on, bout ready to drop my ass in walmart
Trying new things 😁   Walmart Port Angeles 
Walmart makes clothes for people who smoke Mavericks and take Suboxone
Walmart confirms it’s canceling every single SNES Classic preorder via  Verge
the planet is talking with at least,walmart co., booklj
Christmas-tree scented candles, Walmart?! Can we have a day or two of FALL before I have to put up my tree?!
i saw lexie's mom at walmart and tried to jump in her cart
its pretty sad that the highlight of my day is going to walmart to get out of the house
customer at walmart is actively arguing about markdowns (or lacktherof) on lawn furniture with a teenage employee a… 
Little shopping. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Murray, KY) 
Aww I saw Cris at Walmart & it made my day 10x better 💓
 Influenster And my tumblr disconnected as well! 😭 is this going to affect my chances with the walmart virtualvox?!
 bluekhalids Walmart 👌🏻
 _montayy come to walmart wit me
You know Walmart has their supervisors in the building when they check everyone's receipts walking out.
Come on Oklahoma, you need to wear shoes when shopping at Walmart!  seriously
Woman threatens the lives of Muslim women at Walmart — you won’t believe how it ends via  thesarahdtaylor  theblaze
The Shocking, Unmatched Pains That Wal-Mart Took to Avoid Unions  alternet 
Why Walmart’s Project Gigaton is corporate America’s ‘moonshot’ 
It's weird to think that after almost 3 years at Walmart, tomorrow is finally my last day.
Walmart is playing shitty covers of good songs and I'm not sure how much longer I can handle this
Philco PME25 Inox 25 Litros de R  474.9 por R  408.99
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Smartphone Asus ZenFone Go 8GB de R  615.12 por R  453.96
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Going to Walmart, y'all need something?
If your not buying cigarettes then don't use the fucking cigarette lane at Walmart, to ask customer service questions at that.
The other day at Walmart I let Kelsie pick out my foundation for me and I think it was one of the best things I ever did😌
 cwolicki  Walmart ...experience so we can look into this matter further? Thank you. 2/2
 cwolicki  Walmart Hi Carol, we appreciate you bringing this to our attention. Can you please send a private messag… 
During the road trip at 11pm last night, I decided to try the Walmart grocery app to order… 
SWEET! Minnie Mouse Cottage JUST  27.68! GO GO GO  Hot_Deals  Walmart  breakingnews  buynow… 
 GrimoireOfKenji Walmart is FREE GAME kenji, FREE GAME
Why Walmart playing kids bop?😫
"Amazon shares returned more than 8,200%, compared with 125% for Walmart and 2.2% for Sears"  1k in 7/02= 82k today 
 BrooklynKate17 We care about our live fish & we’d like to hear more. Please share at & man… 
Cashiers are rarely treated with respect. Don't know how or why but it was old ladys that hated me the most when I worked at walmart.
 JustChillKilla If ur internet is fast connect the droid to the chrome cast n errything u watch can be projected to… 
 Walmart Sells  CCW Clothing - WalMart is now selling a jacket specifically designed for concealed carry.  2A
this married couple in Walmart arguing about bacon and I'm crying
The Story Of Three: Plus up your life with Walmart Family Mobile PLUS 
Walmart has no good eggplants
 celestialtabris WHICH WALMART IS THIS THE OLD ONE OF THE ONE CLOSEST TO OUR HOUSES
Wow the beer selection at the nb Walmart sucks ass
 mxrlxx I lost my name tag as soon as I got to Walmart
Everyone's decked out in their Sunday best and I'm chilling in my bald eagle cutoff tank from WalMart
Them mfs at Walmart do not be checking the receipts. They look at dat mf and say OK😂😂
 Music4HimNow  Walmart We appreciate you reaching out. We will share this information with our team. Thank you.
How you gonna be a Walmart greeter and not greet nobody..
 AngryNIdaho Stop by we're next to Walmart just outside of Kenosha...
Today was a day for the record books... I used a cart at Walmart that worked properly.
 WhiskyChitto  AmyMek  Walmart Product of Obama era!
 SquidSaiyan Pulled up at Walmart like this 
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
Ty, you too xD So where do you think they should be sold at for ppl to buy btw? — Walmart  lol 
 Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company's Supply Chain
 cleanenergy
Read Here:… 
 washingtonpost You're worried about Amazon or Google or Walmart being to big......geez, what about your government? 😖
Channel vs Walmart 
Walmart Is Beating Amazon's Food Delivery in 1 Important Area

at a walmart (don't ask) and they're playing a radio disney version of party rock anthem over the PA.........
can't sleep gotta get to Walmart
Mad af someone stole my cart while I was at Walmart I when I was already done shopping
but obama gave us great jobs like Mc Donalds B K and walmart so how can you really compare i mean who had to have 2… 
Walmart hopes new Pickup Tower becomes pillar of its business via  scj
 laurencstill Just went through that myself. Found an old non HDMI Dell monitor got overpriced WalMart adapter from… 
The man in line in front of us at Walmart just bought 10 things of KY. 😂😂
US Capitol Building 3D Puzzle, 132 Pieces - 
9 hospitalized after noxious chemical odor at Kauai Walmart | KHON2 
 Marshammad Man I never thought "I don't have time in my schedule for random Walmart visits" would pass my lips and… 
0/2 this last shopping trip,  Walmart

Not only were my eggs already expired but my  CocaCola 24 pk had been impale… 
Non-Tweetdeck users will never survive my cheap Walmart LED strip!
Like imma magically change my price or some shit. Do I look like Walmart? 😂 I will not "price match" you goof
Walmart loitering! Walmart loitering!!
Oh my god 😂 my ex got caught getting head in walmart parking lot this morning! 💀💀
I love going to Walmart just to get profiled. Of course the tattooed guy with piercings is returning a stolen bottle of shampoo.  Walmart
Hot Wheels Walmart Exclusive Lamborghini Set...  hotwheels  hotwheelscollectors… 
I wonder if the it's a bad idea to use my reusable bags from  Target... at  Walmart.
Walmart on a Sunday is my worst nightmare.
You clearly never been drunk at 1am and ordered 3 McChicken sandwichs and found God in a Walmart parking lot. Also,… 
My mom came home from Walmart with an  thepioneerwoman bowl and told me that was the only one I could use for cereal. I'm not complaining 😂
Swing by Walmart on Shawline til 1p and see  TatiOnYourRadio!! I'll be there 3p-5p.  sdccu  Jamn957  StuffTheBus… 
We literally just bought  CGLFarm's entire vaca wardrobe at Walmart in Lebanon KY......... 
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God Oustanding, and in God's glory.
Walmart the only store that assumes it's Customers are all thieves 😂 they checking bags and receipts at the door like border patrol 🤣
Waiting for the bus outside Walmart and I'm probably going to vomit up all the rum and whatever else I drank last night  oops
 TheDailyCowman Awww, should have told her, "but dear, I'm training myself as a future Walmart greeter, so if this… 
- cute 
- all of them are walmart dodies 
Heartwarming Story...
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God via the  FoxNews App 
 ObiWanKevobi Obi, I'm your mothers brothers step brothers son of an oil t...
Tech at Walmart
Walmart run   New Orleans, Louisiana 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in New Hudson, MI 
 Southern_Living  Walmart Why does he look like Alex from Target 
Doing some wheed-whacking and I look like I belong on "People of Walmart": t-shirt, jeans, suspenders, and cheap plastic shades.
(headquarters) san bruno ca - Bing Maps 
 Walmart tried to give you our money but you wouldn't price match Amazon, it was only a  10 difference but now you lost it all  shopamazon
 uNevaKnow1215 Luck you 😂😂 I'm off Monday and Friday from Walmart but work my other job Monday
This girl at Walmart is making it a point to only tuck in one part of her shirt to show off the polo logo on her shorts. 😂
Drove all the way to Walmart, and not going in because all the parks are too far.
Swag Surfin at the Mixology Day Party sponsored by Walmart. Another great event for the day. 
God I hate walmart 🤢
New BIC Stationery Coupon = School Supplies Under  0.50 at Target, Walmart & Walgreens! 
Walmart Back To School Deals 7/30 on  bloglovin
Walmart: Harvest Stone Crackers Only  0.62! on  bloglovin
Would just like to take a moment and apologize to everyone who saw me walking like a newborn calf in my new high heels in Walmart today
 JoshRai25 Walmart right now then
Just caught the greatest come up at Walmart ☺️
Hot Wheels Walmart Exclusive Lamborghini Set...    hotwheels  hotwheelscollectors  lamborghini… 
 KitKatCabbit Oooooh which Walmart is that?
I have to go to Walmart. Yay me! 🙄
goth boi clique just walmart brand sesh
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Fayetteville, AR 
My life captioned rn...  WhyDidIBuyTheCookiesThen  GladICanStillWalkUnlikeMariah   Walmart… 
 Bonobos  bonobosninjas I've been a loyal  Bonobos customer for just as long. I hope to continue as well, but the p… 
 sufjammed Usually at Publix but Walmart has them too, if you like burgers you can get the beyond meat patties   Wh… 
 WubcakeVA  Minty_Root I'm taking a uber from the airport it might be the safest option... plus you can stop by the… 
 Desiree_Kayy I got one from Walmart it's like 5-6 feet, like  9 and it's lined with thread, and it's lasted me alm… 
Snag a pack of Cottonelle Wipes for ONLY 47¢ at Walmart! 🤑 
They still sell them at Walmart. 
 crosserriddle  ButterflyWrite  BettyBurkhalter  WritingReader  CoastalDeb  trynarepresent  awlasky Excellent point… 
 Zazochi I carry my box cutter from work when I shop at Walmart on San Mateo. That's our only option in the SE Heights.  FoodDesert.
Left a  Walmart review in Florida x 
So! Apparently Walmart now sells fursuit heads... 
stitches is playing in walmart smh fake fans 😤😤👋🏼
Broner never shows up to fight anymore...He should stick to beefing with Mayweather or throwing change up in the ai… 
Asians that come into my nail supply asking if we charge tax if they pay cash. Duh!!! Does Kroger do that? Walmart? Wtf do u expect?
Walmart cashier's amazing act 
 HaloTopCreamery I was like 'Heck yes! Diet icecream for my fatass 2am walmart run? Score!', but yeah, I'll stick w… 
Walmart cashier's amazing act - It was late on a Friday night in Newcastle, Oklahoma and many of the customers ... 
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
I almost ran into a bunch of family members at walmart. I accidentally made eye contact with my gran when I dipped into a different aisle
They really playing Kidz Bop in Walmart right now. So imagine my surprise when I'm tryna bop to Usher but it sounds like kids on helium 💆🏽
 Fashion  Music  TaylorSwift Beautiful Eyes ONLY AT WALMART Big Machine Records  CD/ DVD NEW 2DISC… 
it's not some new trend with hipsters bringing about the downfall of society maybe the problem is with you WALMART WARRIOR TWITTER ASSHATS
People of Walmart Photo Selfies 7 
 kingorca I went to a Walmart for the first time 1 year ago in suburban socal
My biggest fear is to be recognized at the walmart on Wallisvile
 cadrinmsumba And only in a Worcester Walmart will you see a mom and dad wearing shirts that say "Fat blunts" and "… 
 rzrbkgirl1 It's "the" Walmart...
I touched a cubs folder at Walmart and had a sneeze attack. I knew I was allergic to that shit
 KeyiaJoJo1  alyssa_walkeraw Auntie Ann's is in Walmart 😂
that's why I don't go to Walmart
My mom flipped me off in the middle of Walmart
This guy in the Walmart parking lot just hit me with his car then proceeded to call me sugar tits and ask for my number... help
Im at Walmart rn and it just reminds me that the why don't we boys were here & I didn't get to meet them :(((  whydontwemusic
Calen: And Walmart is there?
Michael: Yes but you have to really want it to be. It depends on your desire.
 96Kyree bruh this dont make no sense lmao im super skeed in walmart rn 😂😂😂
 _kennedy_21_ i thinkkk walmart!!
 Irony_Leg just re-checked Walmart for kitty food. Still out of stock.
Takes us to a tai place that isn't open for business yet
Says we can go to Walmart, turns out it was just a dunkin trip.Typical day w emily
 charlieputh We're at Walmart lol
Adicionei um vídeo a uma playlist  YouTube Perry - Not Like The Movies Live at the Walmart Soundcheck
you think you're tough in your camo pants you bought at walmart my mans were out there in capris writing the laws of this  great  nation
Do not go to Walmart today! Or the mall. Or any place in Statesboro. County schools start back tomorrow. 2 many people.
 mariewerbiski01 Let's see there's the one about you being drunk at Walmart, me making Leah hate you, me missing Le… 
Walmart Is Cancelling Some SNES Classic Edition Pre-Orders.. Related Articles: 
 meowmaid_ I don't know if you like oatmeal but Walmart has pumpkin spice oatmeal. 😂😂
 OfficialHARIBO I literally just screamed in Walmart cause I saw twin snakes...just bought 3 bags  noshame
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 7/31/2017 
this is a very "obviously grew up in new york" tweet but i just passed by a "Walmart" on the highway and my mind cant accept it was real
WalMart trip for my man  prestonM_42 
 PettyjohnMolly Lmao I lovvvveeee Walmart!!!!
WEN 10" Sliding Compound Miter Saw  78.50 + Free Store Pickup 
 CavesTaylor You and your Walmart trips 😂😊
time to bop to walmart and cop some loreal shampoo 🏃🏾‍♀️
 Official_ReidT Will Walmart do it?
 Walmart is this how you take care of the animals in your stores?!?!  animalcruelty  peta  walmart  lubbockwalmart 
 Anthony___B I want a Walmart in Scotland 😱
Lines long  Walmart like they giving out government 🧀, I'm not waiting in those lines but I got what I came for 👏🏽👌🏽🙈
my parents hate coming to walmart but honestly i love it. what i do hate, however, is parking at walmart
Help maintain healthy weight management this summer with Organic Garcinia. Shop at  Walmart  Health  Vitamins… 
Parked in the expectant mother parking spot at Walmart. No shame in my pregnancy game.
 thegoldenhera Find us at your local Walmart in  Middle Island - 750 Middle Country Rd.
update: we were just at Walmart and he rode out of the store on top of the cart like a scooter
I hate Walmart stg
If you haven't tried this grocery pick-up thing at Walmart yet, I MUST recommend it!!! Changed my life. 
 MrsDevereaux10  JamesIHammond That's the one. I've gotten at at Giant, Walmart, Harvest Fare, a bunch of places around
 KirschnerSam Walmart
She:"Bye!" 
Me:"Where are you going?" 
She:"To the center of the world!" 
Me:"Walmart?" 😂
Shopper Berates Latina, Then Calls Black Woman 'N****r' In Arkansas Walmart 
Fred David Women's Short Sleeve Cold Shoulder Butterfly Graphic T-Shirt
Category: Tshirts, Walmart… 
Tried to house shop in Walmart and it made me over anxious.😫
At Walmart,  400 and 6 hours will make that shoplifting charge go away - WCNC 
 dirtybird_diana U have to try it! they're so soft it's like  10 at target or ulta but Walmart may be cheaper 
 consumerist Walmart has matching prices,  35 purchase gets free shipping.
I really hate the move to all self service checkouts  Walmart is making. Service still matters.
 n__elysian  itsleah_love Walmart when all of us + juanita_collins roll up 
 Olly3926  YeshJosan Oh yeah, he buys prepaid phones from Walmart, makes the accounts and returns them, right?
This high-tech vending machine could be coming to a  Walmart store near you.  100 Pickup Towers across the U.S.  jet 
There is an Olay Roll Back at  Walmart this month! Definitely get any of their body washes :)  Influenster  OlayAtWalmart  contest
I'm so mad Walmart discontinued the blueberry pancakes candle it was my favorite 😾
selling og gt's: £85 each

Walmart Jordans
Lebrons Hairline
Ian Connorifyz
Vloneees
Hardhat Tunnel
FaZe Bong
Beds
loli swap
trayvon marting
GETTING KICKED OUT OF WALMART FOREVER!!!: via  YouTube
 washingtonpost Walmart is the biggest private employer and can't do a single things right .. wanna stop the welfare state shut down Walmart
I'm at  Walmart_br in Guarulhos, SP 
 CoachFreewilly  brandy1137  Ricaredo74  NBCNews So if Walmart was forced to give a certain group its products for… 
 kathygriffin  AP They should have investigated the heavy metal band that did the same as you but it's on tee shirt and was sold at Walmart
 flashytrash I got this pic off the web, BUT I've seen people at Walmart wearing even stranger shit than this. So i… 
 washingtonpost Yes but so is Walmart, McDonald's, and so on !!!
. . : another ☝🙌 1130am tomorrow , 🙏☝  Walmart
 AmyMek  DFDlogic  Walmart I would have shut that place down with my attitude. Hell No!!
Kylie's packaging on her pallets look like the kids Walmart makeup pallets
Going to Walmart in Florida on a weekend 
THANKS to the Walmart Realty HR team (Dept. 9391) for awarding us a  1,000 co... - 
sh-t stands in the same relation to the study of the boastful Walmart as masturbation to sexual love 👍🏻
 LaurenNoelBrown Ready for this? Walmart, Shop 'N Save, Giant Eagle, Aldi's, and Kuhn's.
MACBOOKS/ IPADS/ IPHONES BEST BLACK FRIDAY DEALS 2016 (BEST BUY/ WALMART/ TARGET/… 
Lol rolling into Walmart lookin like trash bc all my clothes are dirty 😂😂😂
My real friends send me their Walmart receipts cause they know I'm crazy about my savings catcher 😂😂 low key I have like  60 on it already
Guys, we're making a lot of progress. Did we do Walmart yet?  Millennials 
also mood is my dad talking abt how he met stephen king in a walmart n stephen king making a joke abt balls
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Huntsville, AL 
To make matters worse My fam was staying with me and my sis asked "where are you going?" I couldn't tell her the tr… 
Kickn it at the  Walmart
Walmart customers will make you wanna punch they ass 😩🤦🏽‍♀️
awe at Walmart they have a whole picnic section omg
 Nutrisystem I purchased your  44 week of food at Walmart,disgusting,you owe me  44,not try different menus!
 davidaxelrod  POTUS  RandPaul  Walmart gets  huge discounts from their vendors, because THEY are  huge.  The same… 
What do you do when your mom tells you to do something fun with your brother.... take him to Walmart! 🙃😆
shop rite deadass starting to look like people of walmart
My son been wearing Gucci shoes and Burberry clothes since birth. ALL ON MY OWN. my son ain't out here in Walmart clothes and shit
 Southern_Living  Walmart Now that young man was raised right!
Go into Walmart with one thing in mind and leave with eleven 🙇🏾‍♀️
 EastCoastKnits I've already seen some good sales. I was able to buy a glass patio table at Walmart for  20 a few weeks ago.
 LiberalMeThis Not everyone is too rich to shop at WalMart... I've bough stuff there... So what?
[[ uH

we're in a walmart rn but apparently we're 10 miles away from camp

:))
 bobfreelander  Scream_Factory I saw like 5 copies of this, with slipcover, at Walmart yesterday for 7.88. 1st SF blu I've seen there.
 AbbyPoliceDept  tourdevalley  CopsforCancer team raising money at the Vedder Walmart today! Drop in and support th… 
I just want a boy to buy me cute Walmart jewelry 😞
 TiffanyFKendall I take Ralph to Walmart every sunday😂
 _AlexisNic0le A nude shirt & white jeans . All in walmart w/ her heels on 😂😍
 Judson1360 I feel Mike Williams this does feel good in that the Dolts are still the Dolts lol. Have fun winning th… 
Cashiers at Walmart are a tad bit on the slow side, like come on dude hurry up!
What a great young man and a great story!  A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God 
 natty_wentzlaff  katyhearnFit Never tried theirs. I try to minimize cost and time in gas going to Walmart/Kroger b… 
Earn cash back by shopping at over 1500 retailers including  Amazon  Walmart  Target &  Starbucks.  wahm
START HERE… 
I'm going to Walmart to buy a restorable band.
Target in forestville so unorganized, my cousin loud as shit talking bout "fuck is this Walmart, let me know" 😂😂😂
Walmart w/ mommy & gma
 KCBD11  FoxNews these pictures are from the  Walmart at 114th and Quaker in Lubbock Texas. It's been like that for… 
Anyway I just got a massage (a gift, thank u) and am now sitting in a coffee shop reflecting that I'm probably the only one wearing Walmart
Just seen Bradley at Walmart, my day is made.
 ItsyBitsySmol Anything works if you know how to use it

WalMart brand stuff isn't the best but it works perfectly fine
Walmart has gone all-in on this color palette for everything "back to school" related.
fucking walmart stresses me tf out
This  Walmart employee selflessly helped a customer he thought might be having a bad day: 
 Ale8One  Walmart  TheFreshMarket  worldmarket  CrackerBarrel Yep. Have  CrackerBarrel all around. I'll look the next time that I'm there.
I liked a  YouTube video Iron Horse Warrior 3.1 Mountain Bike from Walmart - Overview and issues
Life church at Walmart asking me to donate money and they didn't even bless me when I sneezed 🤔
Walmart: Harvest Stone Crackers Only  0.62! 
I just really want so general tso chicken from Walmart.. but also some chicken Alfredo from Pizza Hut 🙄🙃
Fire Sense Large Yakatori Charcoal Grill  22.34 + Free Store Pickup at Walmart or Free Shipping w/ Prime 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Albuquerque, NM 
 chelseyott Omg 😂😂 why are you always in Walmart?😂
Walmart cashier's amazing act  FoxNEWS
You send a nigga to the store and I swear they go to Walmart
 ek_johnston Looks like Target & Walmart according to this, but Walmart Can is always behind on releases so it migh… 
The people/creatures you see in walmart... YIKES😬
 Skylar_Lightive Yes walmart
Better Homes and Gardens Rush Valley 3-Piece Outdoor Sectional Sofa Set, Seats 5 -  459.93: Walmart offers Better… 
20 People Who Show Us That Walmart Is Another World Entirely - The Change Post 
 tbla2001  brandy1137  Ricaredo74  NBCNews When in reality it's the opposite. You know, an economy of scale? It's l… 
Disney Tsum Tsum Vinyl Figure Gift Set - RARE Walmart Exclusive! 2016 
Fuck Walmart
 KatRamsland "...who were trapped in an 18 wheel truck and discovered last Sunday in a Walmart parking lot in San Antonio, Texas."
 ESlibrarian  goose2448  Gearsten  jes20014  jack_kyte Walmart uses what are known as 'turnpike doubles', which are… 
 FazeUp in a Walmart  FaZe_Rain  Temperrr 
My aesthetic: mom with multiple kids fast walking through Walmart while at least one (1) kid is screaming
The fact that they turned the old Walmart in mchenry into a fucking Uhaul really makes me mad
Hearing "Zombies" by The Cranberries at a Walmart  in the daylight hours is a sirreal experience
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God | 
 jilllllll_xoxo Go on amazon or order online from Walmart! They work so good, I love mine 😊
You leave your dad alone in Walmart for one second and 
Ughh seriously not in the mood to deal with the people of walmart today.
Ribbon cutting   Walmart...  New online service...  you go online..order your groceries..pay online... Wal-Mart... 
Nice story - A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God via the  FoxNews Android app
Going to  Walmart on a Sunday afternoon is a bad idea.  Yep going to  HyVee to get the rest of my groceries because I am so annoyed
Walmart 2951 S Blue Angel Pkwy 32506 (7-30-17) 
Bellecapital International Ltd. Holds Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
The Dow's All-Stars Year-To-Date 
 Apple  MCD  Boeing  V  Walmart  CAT  JNJ  HD  MSFT
Capital Analysts LLC Cuts Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 AMZN P/E 162
 Walmart P/E 18

Buy  Walmart with both fists. 
Weekend Review is here!

 GLD  SPY  QQQ  IWM  FAS  FAZ  GLD  USO  FB  AMZN  NFLX  GOOG  Apple  TSLA  GS  Walmart... 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Stake Cut by Sei Investments Co. 
Sei Investments Co. Decreases Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 MarkYusko  why does  Walmart love  Hooverville so much [and so fast]? 
The Little Book of Common Sense Investing:  Walmart  P&G  HD  SPY  BRK-A
 MarkYusko your  Walmart has been the hare to my  AMZN tortoise-at this rate,  Walmart will rise 78k% by bet's end. No… 
Sam Walton: Made In America by Sam Walton:  Walmart  COST  SHLD  walmart
Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart versus Ingles Markets,  IMKTA Financial Comparison 
Investing is mostly luck and perseverance.  1000 invested in  AMZN in July 2002 is now  83,000. But  Walmart just  2250. S&P was  4100.
Pinnacle Advisory Group Inc. Has  229,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 SHLD,  Walmart... AMZN?! 
TD Asset Management Inc. Acquires 43,950 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
First Eagle Investment Management LLC Has  554,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
The Worst NFL Teams - Who Are Their Stock Equivalents? 
 DRYS  PFE  Walmart 
 solar_chase  JigarShahDC Fuel cells arent according to  Walmart and  AMZN. Massive contracts and China to boot purchas… 
The Worst NFL Teams - Who Are Their Stock Equivalents? 
 DRYS  PFE  Walmart
Fears of an  Amazon smackdown may have made these  stocks a bargain  AMZN  Walmart  KR  FL  SFM
Bellecapital International Ltd. Continues to Hold Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Position Boosted by TD Asset Management Inc. 
 ICNB.0104 - Like buying SUPPORT? Canada NEWS this wk!  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR… 
 Walmart breakout levels 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research 
The Book on Rental Property Investing:  HD  Walmart  L  LL  SVU  KR
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  The Analysts Give Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart a  84.00 Price Target 
Investors Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 
*Alert*  acad  bbry  crm  drys  exel  f  ge  hlf  mot  nflx  orcl  pypl  qqq  rad  wmt  twtr  ual  aa  ba  dal… 
 walmarthelp As a  Walmart shareholder - I am disappointed.
Do you know that  Book Value for  Walmart is  24.38 
We calculated 63-day Expected Return of  Walmart for you: 7.35% 
 LoriGreiner Would Anybody Give Me  1M or More If I Have 3 of Now 4 Successful Campaigns?  cmg  tsla  pep  agn  ibm… 
 Allergan  ACAD  BoeingBoeing  CRM  ba  exel  f  GOOG  Google  HLF  CMG  bmy  AA  JPM  BoeingC  WFC  PRGO  axn  SPY  myl  gild… 
 Pepsico CEO Lies, Omits, Then Cashes Out For ~ 28MM Profit After 38% Free Cashflow Decline  pep  ibm  agn  twtr… 
Unicorn Bay rating for  Walmart is 3 out of 5. 
Do you know that  WallStreet price for  Walmart is  80.59 
Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond:  KO  PEP  MCD  Walmart  KSS  LYB  STX WDC
 Walmart Stock snapshot of Wal-Mart Stores (Walmart)  79.81 (+0.04%), 07-29-2017
Would Anybody Give Me  1M or More If I Have 3 of Now 4 Successful Campaigns?  cmg  tsla  pep  agn  ibm  cost  wmt… 
Current longs:  AGN  CTL  MON  Walmart  PE  CRZO  TPL  ADNT  RAD  TMO  DHI
FYI!  Ko  dps  acad  baba  csco  de  exel  fold  gild  hlf  ibm  jack  kr  pg  wmt  cmg  spy  twtr  aapl  nflx… 
 BenedictEvans  timoreilly Problem is  AMZN Whole Foods acquisition doesn't bring nearly the square footage or thro… 
 ICNB.0104 - OMG - I need these  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S  GOOG 
 DIS… 
Wells Fargo Seems To Have A Culture Of Lying!  wfc  bac  jpm  brk  iep  amzn  goog  crm  ibm  f  ko  pep  twtr  twx… 
 Allergan  ACAD  BoeingBoeing  CRM  ba  exel  f  GGOOG  Google  HLF  CMG  SUN  AA  JPM  BoeingC  WFC  PRGO  QQQ  SPY  TWX  PYPL… 
FYI!  ACAD  BoeingBoeing  CRM  DRYS  exel  f  GGOOG  Google  HLF  CMG  SUN  AA  JPM  BoeingC  WFC  PRGO  QQQ  SPY  TWX  PYPL… 
