I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 _InsaneBeautyyy , you want to ride with me too Walmart ?
I liked a  YouTube video from  imjaystation (FIRED!) GOING UNDERCOVER AT WALMART!! // FAKE WALMART EMPLOYEE VS
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily
Gabe from Walmart tho 😍😍 damn
Work with a company that works with teams of the NBoeing, Walmart, and many more. Message me to get started. 
 McKenzie698 Walmart!!!
You see everybody & they mama in Walmart... that's why I can't work here lbs.
 Kody_Highroller  AnnaBanana2k Hi. I spent your Walmart gift card on diapers.
 walmart the richest company ever ... the thinest  toiletpaper ever ... worst nightmare for… 
I'm at Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in St. Catharines, ON 
She was like "uh you shouldn't do that, those bags cost Walmart money yknow"
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals 
via  worldnetdaily
 Brylee_Laurie my mom loses me in the walmart parking lot, is that what you mean
The worst thing ever seen at Walmart period wow this guy is crazy 😂😂😂😂 
This walmart employee was being bitchy bc I was double bagging our groceries
This small child in Walmart just looked at his father & said "Dad, please. Let's stick to the budget."
Share your favorite Traditional Medicinals tea!  TeaForAll Enter to win  250 Gift Card! 
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter »There's a war on for your mind! 
i feel like walmart sells american flags
 realDonaldTrump  Abandoned Walmarts open as shelters for illegals paid for by US Taxpayers.  via  worldnetdaily
 MiguelFuller  RadioHolly they weren't even hiding it! Ridiculous! Couldn't find the DING DONGS (Walmart Brandon) 
 9INELIVES_EV could of swore I just seen you walking outta Walmart 😂😂
 Caylin121 we're in Walmart and these people were just freaking out because they didn't know what boudin was. 😐
 IrelandBoys YEYE! *24 hour challenge at walmart pls* YEYE!  IrelandBoys  YouRule  YEYE
Picked up Good Fellas, The Patriot, and Gran Torino for  10 total today at Walmart.  Winning
 IShouldWarnYouNow you're this close to being one of the ppl of Walmart
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Thanks for the chance to win. My husbands bday is coming up and this would floor him!
Chick Tells The Story Of How She Gave Some Disrespectful Guys The Shock Of Their Lives At Walmart! 
I hate target and I hate walmart. So do you see how stressful this is?
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaiLY./DON'T BE A TYPICAL POL DONALD-SEND EM BoeingCK
Brian & I always go to Walmart to buy fish knowing they'll die in a day or two 🙄
 JoeFreedomLove How many of those abandoned Walmart are there.
Star Wars Black Series Walmart Exclusive 3.75" Leia Action figure Force Awak...  StarWars 
 dizaxy it doesn't but u said you're acting like and adult which I don't think any normal adult would go to Walmart and play around
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 7
Going to Walmart on my break because I need a charger ASAP!
 wazzucoug99  ABC I don't do Walmart. Might get shot.
In the market for a new vehicle? Look no further than your local Wal-Mart (coming soon!) - 
Murr &I went to Walmart &they had an old lady on a scooter and she wasn't looking& almost trucked Murr but I saved her  notallheroswearcapes
I may just have to sue Walmart for this 😂
 OsamaBinTweetin nigga that's 65. That shit at least 800 in Walmart
Abandoned  Walmart in  Brownsville  Texas is opening as a shelter for  IllegalAliens  CloseTheBorders  notmydollars… 
Socio-Political Commentary... : Abandoned Walmart Opens as SHELTER for ILLEGALS 
 SirBIWO & they always will be. I got Walmart one in my trash now.
I'm crying   Walmart rn, knowing that nobody likes me enough to get me  5 chocolates 
Abandoned Walmarts Sheltering Illegals Endangering US Communities: via WND  worldnetdaily
we were suppose to go to walmart but everyone changed their minds im Tight as hell
Why is this line at Walmart so long? Why is this Walmart busy????
 _Sammmtv_ wow thank you I will try it right when I get home. Where can I buy it? Lush? Ulta? My local Walmart?
Man, if you want to live your life right; just walk into a Walmart at 2am.
- Ematic HD TV Motorized Outdoor Antenna with 150-Mile Range  24.98 (… 
 GoobZWN none of that shit happens in my Walmart 😔
 Cai_Leezy  just like I ain't give a fuck when I gave Walmart 1 week notice instead of 2 😂
Car Catches on fire  Walmart Wilmington, NC: via  YouTube
*trying to justify taking a nap* "i'm going to Walmart at midnight tomorrow to get Road Less Traveled" *takes nap*  Lauren_Alaina
was in walmart today in albany and someone told me i looked like kendall jenner. classic lol  locals  kind  prettyhurts
Deals: Ematic HD TV Motorized Outdoor Antenna with 150-Mile Range  24.98 (
 FBHWJustin do you use the Walmart savings catcher, you scan the receipt to the app, they check for lower prices and give you the difference
Hola muro de trump..... good bye Walmart get out of our country  Walmart  MexicoUnidoYFuerte  muro  MuroFronterizo
Fuck this! Homeless Vets then  Americans first. Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily
 jeffmossberg  FreeJesseJames Dude?? Really? Do you know ANYTHING  about  FreeJesseJames besides what you read standing at Walmart??😂
Abandoned  Walmart in  Brownsville  Texas is opening as a shelter for  IllegalAliens  CloseTheBorders  worldnetdaily
 Wahpeton  mother's 3-yr-old  daughter nearly  abducted at  Walmart... <--- Thankfully this little sweetie is okay!
 MAGA! ABoeingNDONED WALMART OPENS AS SHELTER FOR ILLEGALS Angry residents of U.S. city sound off: 'Bulls--t! Send the…
oh my god someone convince me to Walmart and I can
Well look at this....

Southwest Key has an annual budget of  150 million, much of it coming from federal... 
Someone tell "Alexis" from neighborhood Walmart her ass not posted to wobble on the clock that's a unsafe violation
My nephew turned 10 on the 10th.  He digs Batman & The Joker.  Gotta hand it to Walmart bakery… 
 ufo  aliens Pulled into taco bell & saw a bright metallic object that was not moving right behind walmart but way… 
I'm at  Walmart in Brea, CA 
 Talkmaster  ajc you know what Long Eddie and Walmart have in common?....... Boy's pants,, half off! LoL
Top management shifts at Sam’s Club to happen under incoming CEO Furner  Walmart
 POTUS  KellyannePolls  Walmart  stevej132 
Sure  TheDemocrats r happy 👀👀 out 4 the illegals plenty USA homeless ppl

Katie and I just got kicked out of Walmart how's your day going?? lmao
Dropped my key in Walmart and a lady turned it in 😭 thank you Jesus for kind people!
Pulled into taco bell & saw a bright metallic object that was not moving right behind walmart but way up. it lo... 
 michigan_sass do you have a wax warmer? If so see if Walmart has any eucalyptus scents!
Someone come to Walmart and get these with me soon 😩 
 JehsinR Hey flake WAlmart has play-doh on sale.MAGA
 _Legend_Nebula_ i put this at the front of walmart 
I need to go to Walmart but my legs are still shakey
WHY NOT USE IT FOR HOMELESS AMERICANS? Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals 
Tone Fitness 55cm or 65cm Stability Ball for  5 + pickup at Walmart - 
The hand dryers in Walmart bathrooms suck. It's like having an asthmatic horse breath on your hands.
Dad- Ali did you hear Vidor is getting a super Walmart?
Me- yeah why
Dad- get ready to move 
..........
 KellyannePolls  FLOTUS  IvankaTrump  thehill
That's because they're ladies. Unlike the dried out husk of a Walmart prune "you" are.  BoeingRF
These old women really having a cook off in Walmart 😂
 stvnslotterback we're gonna have some fun at walmart I got an interview on friday😆
 Dumbarse66  JoyAnnReid I do my best to buy as few foreign made items as possible.Stopped shopping Walmart 20+ year… 
So this is what I look like with  EyeLashes! LOL 😂👀😃   Walmart Dover 
 dizaxy weren't u hiding behind the paper towel isle at Walmart with someone a couple of days ago??
 mahafreed  Walmart 😂😂😂 And it was all yellow... (That's so not even orange!)
 RealDonaldTrump THIS & FUNDING MUST BE STOPPED!! Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily
The cashier at Walmart literally just asked my mom "hangers... or nah?" and it made my day 100% better
If I lift my truck do I have to start hanging out at the Soddy Walmart/Taco Bell parking lots? Serious question
 ImJayStation(FIRED!)GOING UNDERCOVER AT WALMART!! // FAKE WALMART EMPLOYEE VS BOSS PRANK!! // EMPLOYEES ONLY!!: 
 rickyrozay I would stick out like a sore thumb; we're just ordinary people, man! Me with my Costco and Walmart clo… 
Still in walmart looking at cereal 🙄
Somebody tell me why import taxes are a GREAT idea.  It's going to hurt poor people and businesses that primarily import goods like Walmart.
 free naked walmart girls fifty year old naked women 
 PepeInDixie  johngramlich  pewresearch Walmart paid Mexico 6 mill to get stores in there They r investing  1.3 billion. U paying
Former NBoeing Star  RayAllen & Wife Shannon opening "Grown Restaurant" in Orlando's Lake Nona Walmart!… 
I need to go to Walmart
Every time I go to  Walmart I'm reminded that I'd rather spend a few extra bucks somewhere else than go back into a Walmart
I would want MVP Baseball tournament I won a  5 Walmart gift card.
channel vs walmart 
walmart hotties 
WHY DO I CONNECT TO WALMART WIFI AUTOMATICALLY LMAO
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Thanks for the chance  WalmartWednesday
 dgwhetstone  Gilmartini Walmart Go-Kart frames.  Easy does it if Rich wants to do it.
Abandoned Walmart in Texas opens as shelter for illegals the funding is provided by the federal government.
Waiting for this drug test come back for Walmart then I'm back 2 jobs shawty
i wanna go to walmart ........................  hella bad
>leave home at 6am so dad thinks Im looking for a job
>go to Walmart and play wii sports in the electronic section for like 2 fucking hours
Since there isn't a self checkout at  Walmart on 2nd St they should at least have a 5 items or less line hate waiting for 20min for one item
. Walmart Orange velvet cake. How sad. I think I know who the culprit is 😡😡😡 
🍀 As Seen At Walmart (OF COURSE!) 😄 
When Apple Pay was announced, retailers such as Walmart announced that they would not be offering the service at... 
myAppliances->Western-style Small Appliances Market Research Report Now Available at…… 
I always buy shit from Walmart I never need 😑
Smokey Slow-Cooker Chorizo n Beer Chili  ad  recipe  slowcooker  chorizo... by  DiscoverSelf via  c0nvey
Chanel vs Walmart 
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily  prepper
 WalmartCanada ❤walmart❤
is it weird that i don't like going to walmart by myself?
First seed display of the year!  gardenchat   Walmart Adrian 
 Win  20 Walmart gc or Paypal  cash  Pawsinlove  pamelamaynard  
I just checked in  Walmart with  CricketRewards Download today!  
SAVE OVER  305!! Straight Talk Apple iPhone 5S Smartphone, Only  144.53 (Value  450) at Walmart! - 
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter 
Just watched someone get arrested at Walmart for shooting a gun. Lol.
I hate going to southside Walmart all the dudes be trying to talk to me
 genesei_ oh that ass in Walmart was bouncing too so i had to check 😂
 CBennettDa1 still at Walmart homie?
Kids are great and all, but a good trip to your local Walmart is all the birth control you'll ever need.
Walmart isn't just a store, it's an adventure
 SenatorMenendez  SenSchumer So require their employers to provide health insurance Require Walmart to provide Free up Medicaid for others
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals 
Bae ended up coming over and now we're at Walmart buying food and necessities together. Yaaay 🤗  ItsTheLittleThings
I wonder how many food stamps it'll take to walk out with a car from Walmart? 
I bet they run like shit!..... Walmart Will Start Selling Cars Soon 
Verizon,sprint,t-mobile, at&t,Walmart 😂😂😂 
This girl in front of me at Walmart just stopped and did a split in the middle of the aisle
Bought a bunch of random stuff I don't need from Walmart to make myself feel better including cupcakes...  noshame
 NinaLeeCox ALso, Dollar tree has the cheapest frozen fruit. Way cheaper than walmart.
I really need to stop going to Walmart alone..  NowHiringBodyGuard
Really Big Data At  Walmart:Real-Time Insights From Their 40+ Petabyte Data Cloud via  forbes  bigdata  DataScience
Some men want to make America great.  Others want to go to Walmart to buy a tire. 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist UGLY Schindler HT Elevators   Former Walmart Grossmont Center La Mesa
 littlemac1183  Sentaifilmworks You know, if Walmart plays their cards right, they could be a big factor with regards to anime sales.
making my 4th trip to Walmart this week like... 
Pick it up for free at a store near you!... 
*goes to Walmart just bcuz.... why not* lmao 
How you gunna wear Rock Revivals and Sperrys and put a Walmart starter shirt with it.. just noooo😭😂💀
ILLEGALS FIND SHELTER? LET 'EM. WAIT... NOW, ROUND 'EM UP!
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals 
I knew exactly what I wanted from Walmart so BoeingM!!! Or shall I say WHAM!!!  BluRay  TheGirlOnTheTrain… 
I'll pay the extra 10 cents for my cereal because the experience I get at Kroger far outweighs the one at Walmart
Offshore has become Walmart…as Outsourcing becomes more like Amazon via  horses4sources
Pussy prices Finna drop to:
1x Russel Stover chocolate ✅ 
1x Walmart teddy bear ✅
Look inside the new, high-tech Lake Nona / Orlando Walmart Supercenter via  OBJUpdate
 jackmd For instructions see here: 
What’s FREE At WalMart! FREEbies AND Money Makers!


Look inside the new, high-tech Lake Nona Walmart Supercenter  👀 ☛  lakenona
I FOUND JORDAN 12s IN WALMART!!!  Complex:
Wow  Walmart great price I like how this game is more expensive than other  20 gamecube games 
Hefty Trashbags Just  2.47 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Hefty Trashbags Just  2.47 At ... 
Gerber Baby Food Just  0.73 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Gerber Baby Food Just  0.73 At ... 
Organic restaurant to bring fresh, fast food to new Lake Nona Walmart Supercenter 
Here we r folks 😂😂😂 It really isn't my favorite place on earth.  Gotcha  Walmart  TheSpot 
 Girlthts_tee Walmart.
 lhamtil buy everything. Never go to Walmart or target again
Nothing like being stalked at your local Walmart
 genesei_ okay okay! Was that you in Walmart? 😂😂
I just saw them on Walmart's ads. 
 RosnerAlicia You can get polisher remover at  Sally's or CVS or Target or Walmart or any place that sells nail polish.
 RonniejMitchell  Walmart da fuq? Its called a lightsaber
 McKenzie698 i'm pretty sure i've seen it at walmart 😂
So, who is the gbnius thatmthought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 randi_savage they have lemon in the valentine section at Walmart! 
i need rehab.. i go to walmart way too often & spend way too much 😭
I'm at Walmart looking at makeup like it's a fucking Rubics cube
 ImYoAttraction I went to Walmart
Just saw the hottest dad at Walmart just now good god
 Walmart thanks for almost completing destorying the engine in my mother's car. No apologies, no remorse. Your tire and lube suck!
 WGRZ Native American protest at Hamburg, NY walmart. Blocked the registers & police had to come. Man yelling go home. That's all they want.
So last night I went to Walmart and bought cookies... today I can't find my cookies 🙃
I'm never wasting my money on another charger from Walmart!
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter NOW U KNOW WHY TRUMP MUST BUILD WALL
Walmart make my head hurt!!
en walmart
We loose our jobs and taxes to illegal immigration- Where does this stop?  LouDobbs  seanhannity  JoeNBC  Harlan  AP
I need to get my nail fixed, go to Walmart & get home before 7 🙄
 LuisQuirozGonz3  Bradski_ let's hit city in like 30 mins I'm st Walmart run
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter via  realalexjones
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
Ppl! If you need volunteer hours, take a shift at the bake sale for Syrian Aid this Saturday at the Burke Walmart :) 
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily  BuildTheWall  MAGA  MAGA3X
 SumDuud  DuffusMonkey Agreed. He should attempt this at a Walmart or something, assuming he is trying to scam
 John_the_Chink walmart. Btw whos wendy
Walmart trying to be the shoe plug 😂 
 realDonaldTrump Dear Mr. President thank you for the "buy american and hire american" Walmart stores carry mostly "made in China" Shameful!
Straight Kikes from Walmart
 jesusVazzz I went to target, Walmart, and auto zone and I quickly remembered why I never go anywhere I have to walk. 😂😓
. cvpayne You have to have an ID to pick up an online purchase from Walmart..But not needing one to vote is absolutely promoting fraud.
 PennStateSweet Slow service in Walmart got me good 🙄
 walmart pay app malfunctions.  I was charged 2x 4 same items.  Low level CSM refuses 2 credit  4.91.  neverwalmart 
me: ft?
bf: i can't 
me: r u neglecting me?
bf: no im in walmart
Disney Princess Belle Tea Cart Possibly Just  29 via Couponing to Disney - Walmart has tons of ... 
Couponing at Walmart: Cheap Quaker Real Medleys Oatmeal, Dannon Whole Milk Yogurt & More via ... 
 fkalogan that poppy is the walmart version of iamamiwhoami

still tho she has her fair amount of bops
 spicegingerr a walmart bag? 🤔🤔
 michaelkeyes  troubleverydana  greeneyes0084 They disappear for good About 3k kids have disappeared also.They are now using a walmart
. Walmart is changing their retail  ShippingCompliance rules in 2017, is your  SupplyChain ready?  AFNLogistics 
I fucking hate putting gas at Walmart but it's cheap so I do it 🙄😑
this is what I look like going to Walmart rn 
Trump Chia, walmart had them, lol 
came to the ogden walmart to get my nails done for cheap & someone like died in their car in the parking lot & i'm actually not surprised
Star Wars 3 Pack Funko Pop! Walmart exclusive! Greedo, Hammerhead, Walrus Man 
 vaughndavis  TroyRF  You forgot- 2016 wear pajamas to Walmart
Gucci vs Walmart 
 MarketUrbanism  humantransit Walmart shifts don't line up with regular transit schedules (they like 4-1 AM&PM shif… 
You're one step closer to getting everything you need from Wally World.  Walmart 
walmart skam 
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily  rbmuse  amuse  realDonaldTrump  TxIllegals
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Ottawa, OH 
HYPERVENTILATING AT WALMART 
Is it midnight? Is it 5:30? I don't know but what I do know is that I'm at Walmart and if anyone crosses me I'm throwing hands
At Walmart Kim the flat ate nachos
 gofilly  ovals  DanonymousMan  LongRunTB HAR! Been hitting up Walmart's again??
Go home NBoeing live your lost.  walmart live2002 nba 
 Best  Toys NEW MOC  Avengers Movie Series Loki  Figure Walmart Exclusive Marvel Legends AC 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Niceville 
there was a man behind us in line at walmart, approximately 70 years old, buying a handful of pairs of girls underwear and nothing else
I just fucked your bitch in some Walmart flip flops
I really hope if Katy swears on KP4 she doesn't strike another deal with Walmart because I will cry
That moment an actual dressed up clown walks around Walmart 😂
 littlemac1183  Sentaifilmworks Yeah. I had to turn away when I hit "Order Now"...

...on Walmart's website.
I like how I go into Walmart when it's bright outside, come out when it's dark, and still don't get anything.
Already pissed off, and I haven't even walked into Walmart yet
 NoOtherDre it be like that sometimes I can't go to Walmart no more I'll buy the whole store because I always think I need something 😂
I swear, the popcorn chicken from Walmart is amazing 😭
Walmart just carded me for trying to buy windshield wiper fluid..?
So, yho is the genius that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
Stock up on Ajax Dish Soap for ONLY  0.63 per bottle after coupons at your local Walmart store!
Go here: -… 
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter 
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily  RedHatGeek
 Walmart elderly 
Women got beat up at this Walmart 4412 north fwy 77022    followed her to her car where he beat her
Crap, now Trump supporters have to add  Walmart to their boycott list. ☹️


 apeskrystl just go to Walmart
apparently my asst. manager and lead tech at Walmart have been discussing my new jobs all day
The new Walmart got me feeling Bad and Boujee😂😂😂
Walmart looks very willing to let buses enter their property. Many even used as a hub. How did they conclude buses=customers?  humantransit
Church got cancelled , but I still gotta go to Walmart
I feel invisible every time I go to Walmart. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Morgantown, WV) 
read Residents Shockd Local  Walmart Transformin into Illegal Immigrant Sheltr   AdanSalazar  Dollars  DonaldTrump
Get  news on darkpolitricks Residents Shockd Local  Walmart Transformin into Illegal Immigrant Sheltr  AdanSalazar
Pls read this > Residents Shockd Local  Walmart Transformin into Illegal Immigrant Sheltr  AdanSalazar  Dollars
New article on darkpolitricks: Residents Shocked Local  Walmart Transf...  AdanSalazar  Dollars  DonaldTrump  PEOPLE
I swear facebook is the walmart of the internet
 MattLevine79 Walmart lowers their prices at a loss to kill all the local business selling similar products, and th… 
I gotta go to Walmart tomorrow
The War Machines Company: like a Walmart in a Southern US town, but with slightly more guns.
I liked a  YouTube video from  cuckoofordeals Walmart Haul: lots for less than a  1 & a MM deal!
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
Talk about one stop shop!

I liked a  YouTube video Bargain Hunters! WalMart Clearance and Goodwill Thrift Store Haul with Briana
 haleycarman13 doesn't put the carts back at Walmart, so I told her that I was going to start using badder grammar to get on her nerves.
"At this point, it's easier to just go into Walmart with a big jacket and stock up," he said with a shrug. ( AltruisticBow)
mama be taking forever in walmart 🙄 .
From Siemens to  Walmart, see some of the many distribution successes of Mississippi: 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hammond, IN 
Walmart open rite aid open
I'm at Walmart in Oreamuno, Cartago 
 McDonalds yummy  BigMac sauce! Why not sell it at  Walmart?
TIME TO TAKE THE GLOVES OFF & DESTROY ALL OLIGARCHS, THEIR COMPANIES & AFFILIATES. THAT INCLUDES TRUMP BUSINESSES,B… 
 YaMomCrib_ No I make that Walmart money 😂
 Walmart I found them also I got a candle my room is gonna be lit thx
When you at Walmart looking like a pregnant crack head and you see your old boo and he wants to hold a convo<<🙄🙄😂😂😂
 LosPollosTV go to Walmart or something
An abandoned Walmart in Brownsville, TX, will be used to shelter illegal aliens streaming across the U.S.-Mexico border.
WHY NO DEPORTATION
  walmart
I can't wait til I get off and go on my four day vacation because Walmart becoming annoying assel
 gruesomegrl I went to Walmart. I hate Walmart.
just saw a pregnant mom in walmart wearing thrasher
Just saw this cute lamp  Walmart 
 Target  BestBuy  ToysRUs  Walmart 🚫ABSOLUTELY NO BUBBLE MAILERS! 🚫  amiibo  amiiboカード交換
 Walmart went to walmart and tried to return an item I purchased and they refused, it is unopened and I have the receipt, terrible service
Walmart Store Sales Forecasting  AzureML  MachineLearning  Retail
Really Big Data At Walmart: Real-Time Insights From Their 40+ Petabyte Data Cloud 
Chanel v Walmart 
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals. Yep, that's bullshit.  
dead with messy hair at walmart 
 DigitalTrends  Android nope! Just like walmart pay I don't trust them to keep my information safe. Remember the Target hacking incident?
I literally do not know why I still attempt to shop at flipping Walmart for shit!!
THIS needs to stop!!   
After 2-3 years on a Walmart shelf, this didact finally has a home :) 
Bout to buy some mace since all that weird scary shit was happening at Walmart few months ago.. now that I'm an independent ass B 💨🤷🏼‍♀️
I'm walking into Walmart same time a Brinks truck getting unloaded & me and dude staring each other down. You do right to my nigga.
 Target  BestBuy  ToysRUs  Walmart Please ship ALL  AMIIBOS in a box 📦 with a lot bubble wrap. This stuff is really serious to collectors!
 ChristianLeave go to Walmart again
 CNN How long will it be before china sends a  5.99 version over for sale in Walmart?
Walmart Sales Forecasting Using Regression Analysis  AzureML  MachineLearning  Retail
  gov greg abbott...this is bullshit. Kick em out
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily
I get lost in Walmart a lot so idk about this 
 MeganMac973 Have you asked a store manager where the Command Hooks are located, Megan? -Kat
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lincoln, NE 
If people buy the same pens here at  14.95 that Walmart has for  1.98 no wonder y'all elected an orange fool!
What's the difference between a fireplace and a treadmill?  Walmart evidently doesn't know. Order online for a nice surprise! /sarcasm
Short Walmart stock now... 
Always a good view at Walmart 
 jessicapicou96 get them at Walmart! They're like  3 cheaper and taste the same!
 sam_anthaK Walmart
 realDonaldTrump Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals
Read more at 
Almirola show car at Walmart in Orlando  NASCAR
 Naija4LifeO those the damn plastic storage joints from walmart.

I'm soooo tired of yalls shit! 😂😂
New Hewitt Walmart store is open for business. 
Walmart Ground beef, probably don't want to run a DNA test on it. Tonight is surprise meat tacos. 😳😳
Debating if I should just cut my fabric myself at Walmart, since apparently no one works here. 🙄  waiting
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for  illegals via  worldnetdaily
having so much fun giving out compliments! Need to go to walmart tho... have to finish them up later!  BellLetsTalk
 MikeBaty_ lol not Walmart
 Walmart selling what?  The answer at 530pm on the Joe Kelley show.
 reservoirxdoll not even sure what it is really, all we have is walmart
Got a job at Walmart 👍🏼 
 Notallinnocent i need to go to.that walmart
Win a  500 Walmart  GiftCard!  Giveaway  Contest 
I go in Walmart to buy the baby a bouncer and a tub and come out the store with 50 other things for him 😩
Me and Jade over hear talking about "wtf is Walmart with no Wifi"
Thanks  Walmart!! One more reason not to shop  Walmart Abandoned  Walmart opens as shelter for illegals 
Bf is in the bathroom at Walmart so I'm standing here waiting hoping I don't become a meme
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via worldnetdaily
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in North Port, FL 
all dis highlight for Walmart 
 Oahu_Raider808  AshleyLutz yep looks exactly like WWZ!  But damn a pink wall? He must be going for cheap paint at… 
Or better yet I found a 28 year old insecure white guy who calls himself "raptor" and probably works in a Walmart i… 
Was an  obamanation tax deal struct with Walmart? 
Clusterfuck  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
 flowerbeauty None of the Walmart's around me have any of the new stuff:(
 DaysOfTrump  JoelSGilbert Aren't community organizers people sitting in front of Walmart in a lawn chair, saying;"wanna sign this petition"
Why the lights had to go out while we was in walmart😐
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily- NO!Send them back!
 angelstookey  RealPaigeWWE My Walmart hard ever has her. But I will one day.
 RadioFreeTom  4FutureSake Tarriffs will increase prices..inflation. Businesses like Walmart and otbers that import will suffer.
*walking around Walmart carrying giant Dalmatian stuffed animal*

Older woman: "I assume that's for a child?"

Me : "No, it's for me."
free naked walmart girls 
 MikeBaty_ Walmart
gggggmorning is pop dreamer walmart my
All over the place  WalmartLog  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
chanel vs walmart 
 news4buffalo  WKBW  TWCNewsBuffalo  you missed a pipeline protest in Hamburg Walmart just now
 MSNBC start taking bids on Corporate naming rights on the wall like petco park &Qualcomm stadium, maybe Walmart wall? TRUMP is not allowed
Hefty Trashbags Just  2.47 At Walmart! 
"A guy at Walmart said he was a girl. That's delusional, an 'alternative fact'." 
Look inside the new, high-tech Lake Nona Walmart Supercenter

Person behind me at Walmart offered to pay for my stuff cause he heard me saying I was shopping for nicks care package and he's ex military😭
Briana and I went hunting today- BoeingRGAIN HUNTING :)  Check out all of the awesome deals from WalMart and... 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kissimmee, FL 
 jamesfbarry45  The_Drizzle8867  Charmed27N  hill6264  intelligencer Lots of EE work at WalMart. Gotta go
I spent 20  at Walmart and  14 of it was tampons thanks   my body for being annoying and expensive
I came to Walmart for a Bag && spent 150 still
 andrewdlynch I've seen it at Walmart, perhaps P n' S as well. Tahitian Treat or Sierra Mist Cranberry Splash, either one would work.
"belVita Breakfast Bites" in Based on Your Morning Routine, What Kind of Breakfast Should You Have?  takeadailybreak 
Walmart: Almay Cosmetics and Makeup Removers Only  0.97! 
This old ass bum lady outside of Walmart with a cardboard that has TRUMP written across it . Smh crackheads always doin the most
 caaaanelo do you think if I check Walmart they will have it ?
 ItzelJasso_ yes I'm about to go to Walmart though
I liked a  YouTube video from  funkbrossmx DRIFTING TOYS IN WALMART!
I hope Walmart f with my days I put in 😐
nude walmart chicks 
 Bobzhc  The_Drizzle8867  Charmed27N  hill6264  intelligencer 
Oh sorry, I can imagine how demanding Walmart is to their employees 
Sorry
somebody wanna go to walmart wit me
 Walmart ...but we continue to make them billionaires everyday.
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I've said this plenty of times but I fucking love Walmart
You ever walk into a Walmart outside your neighborhood and are like "this ain't my Walmart, this one's different"
 full length porn clips free nude girls of walmart tubes 
 Walmart where are the command hooks, and why do I keep ending up in candles?
 Walmart ...ive never met a happy, ready to help you employee at ANY walmart ive ventured into. Criteria must be slow, nasty attitude.
By the way mom I need a scientific calculator for my exam (  Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in Hamilton, ON) 
Western Maple BBQ Smoking Chips 180-Cu In Bag for  3 + pickup at Walmart

Such a pointless walmart to make 🙄
Walmart Auto Sales: You Can Soon Buy a Car at the Mega-Retailer You Can Soon Buy a Car 
I'm sitting in Walmart waiting for my mom to hurry out the bathroom like what is my life
 mccayla_brooke You should write a book 📚
Why do we spend our money & time at  Walmart? They dont give a damn about our time. Lines always long. Slowest, SADDEST associates. Smdh
Well guys. My towns walmart finally opened. Joy. Sike. We didn't need it. We lost so much of our land for it.
Let's turn up the heat on Walmart!! - Support this fundraiser! via  Change
Andrea Dunne ( AndreaCDunne) | Went to Walmart for toilet paper, left with this...  dadlife  justtheessentials… 
How to Beat a Walmart Security Tag:
Hubs just strapped his holster to his belt and is tracking the dude down in Walmart. Let's hope the dude isn't a complete prick.
This girl in Walmart has a fatty! & her bf is in one of these joints so he cant even catch me looking 😂 
A trip to Walmart to buy aspirin, and I leave with  ResidentEvil 7  noregrets
Pretty amazing what you can do with the right platform. 
There's a group of people marching through the Hamburg Walmart with drums with banners about the Dakota pipeline
I feel so bad for the walmart fish :-(
Walmart do you really think I want all these late shifts omg 😩😩☹️
Im at walmart and dis lady got on a bathing suit 😂😂type of shit is this 
DO NOT read this if you are squeamish or shop for groceries at  Walmart 
I guess Heb only carries Huggies little snugglers up to a size 2🙄 Seriously do not feel like driving to Walmart
sos i keep getting lost in walmart
Chanel vs. Walmart 
 robin_solis  USb4russia  Walmart  shannoncoulter  amazon 👍 Target is my go to store. Walmart, Amazon, Nordies, Macy off the list😜🤓
I want some Carolina bbq wings from Walmart
 BlazenUhOh Walmart brand is typically surplus name brand
Why  Walmart take forever to send out W-2s???
 lhamtil I use the camera function to scan items while I'm at walmart. Also, get a store card. 5% of everything.
Defund Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals 
I want some ranch chicken from Walmart  Hungry
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily   Well at least they are all in one place?
Walmart sure is full of shit lately 
25 and now we're at walmart
Many Americans want their bargain basement Walmart shit, but won't work the jobs at wages necessary to create their bargain basement shit.
I'm freezing inside this Walmart😭😭😭😭
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage b>
 Cards 2016  Topps Walmart Holiday Yu Darvish Metallic Snowflake  HMW114  Texas  Rangers 
myAppliances->Primal Kitchen bringing healthy, fast-casual food to Heritage Square - South…… 
Dear  walmart, I'm not sure that dropping the regular price  .09 would really be considered… 
It's Walmart Brand but I still enjoy it 
When you're at Walmart and grab a pepper from the shelf and then like 5 of them drop on the floor. 😬
i love when i'm takin awkward selfies in the walmart bathroom to hear someone whisper "yes girl. fuck it up"
Yo the new Walmart in Compton is going up
I'm convinced that everybody on campus gets together and come to Walmart😑
Walmart needs to get their shit together and fix their goddamn pot holes
the avengers are basically walmart defenders tbh
 Retweet  Candy  Apple Cinnamon Flavoring Spoons: 24 Count 
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals
Angry residents of U.S. city sound off:Bulls--t! Send them all back… 
On The Go Men's or Women's 10pc Travel Kit for  6 + pickup at Walmart

Try target or Walmart 
And... I'm no longer allowed to go in that Walmart.... 
All Canadians head to Walmart now!!  Triggerdelete__  thatbratxo  HeavyMetalYetii 
Went to Walmart for one thing and came back to the crib with everything else BUT that one thing😪
Me: *gose to Walmart, buys cereal*
Me: I hope nobody will eat it *hides cereal, leaves for grandmas*
Me:*comes home, can't find cereal* 🤔
Will somebody tell  realDonaldTrump that you can't delete things from the internet? Listen to 2003  binrev radio 
 ReTweet  CleanWater  Unique Bargains Home Garden Kitchen Blue Plastic Screw 
this lady stole hella shit from walmart & only got caught because she forgot her baby in the store and had to go back
Apparently Walmart is not a good choice for a tinder date 😂🤷🏼‍♀️
If you really care about American jobs and American companies, stop buying so much stuff from China at Walmart and Amazon.
 mattcale52 NJ. Walmart inventory from Brickseek is a joke. We had better luck from Target.
walmart got Amsterdam for  5, brought like 4 bottles.
 shots  shots  shots  
😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝
 _LarryTheGreat_ Fasho. Look like Walmart not selling Sweaters no more. I'ma find ya one
(FIRED!) GOING UNDERCOVER AT WALMART!! // FAKE WALMART EMPLOYEE VS BOSS PRANK!! // EMPLOYEES ONLY!!: via
 SurburbanCowboy I know that its high. I don't care to go to Walmart at certain times. But if you lived out of the country, would u send
Save money. live better. Walmart 
I hate Walmart. I'm a Kroger type of girl
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals - 
Great Value 60W Equivalent LED Bulbs 4-Pack for  6 + pickup at Walmart

 Rocket51Messer you can't use Walmart😂❤
Hey Train, O.A.R. and Natasha Bedingfield fans….we've got a pair of lawn tickets to give away before the on-sale... 
*me excited to go to Walmart*
Mr.Montgomery: "you're just excited to go because your trash"
😂😂  davewmontgomery
Stain Remover Sprayer

The Compton swapmeet is really Walmart now. Ain't that some shit
New LED lights above the RV slide. 

I won’t apologize for thinking this is funny. Perhaps she has the wrong Walmart location. 
 SarahBCoats you can go to walmart or office depot and they'll print it for ya :-)
 1.00/3 El Monterey Breakfast Burritos Coupon! ONLY  0.67 each at Walmart! via  po_st
walmart 
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter via  realalexjones  NoBanNoWall
 saraimatlock no Walmart! My mom was like...I literally gave birth to him...
 joeybagovdonuts To me it seemed like you could find the same stuff at Target or Walmart.
Starbucks Nominates New Board Members (LEGO Microsoft Walmart )  starbucks  coffee  love  frappuccino  latte  tea  … 
Saved
With
Amazing
Grace 

A shirt I just saw at Walmart. Yikes. 
Why was dj quik at the Compton walmart lol
Citizens worried needs of Americans being ignored.... 
Walmart is going to start selling cars because why not? 
Please explain...  Walmart  NBoeing2K 
Still at school and I'm already seeing snaps of the Walmart in Lynwood being open lmao
When all your friends go to Walmart without you when it was your plan to go in the first place🙃🔫
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 1/31/2017 
 2007parable  LordForte7 Uhm, I just got excited over the toy section of Walmart.. so I think I win for the most childish. Just saying.
that walmart and rape van 😍 
. Walmart Very upset. This color looks orange and not red... and the yellow was replaced with black 😡😡😡😡 
kid has more toys than Walmart and only wants to play with a piece… 
Powerade went down 6 cents at Walmart  Trump
Try asking the old woman working in the electronics department of Walmart any question related to their electronics. 🙃
um I'm at Walmart and I just saw one of the boys I always see this is nice
50 Shocking Photos of Naughty Women Flashing Their Private Parts at Walmart
>>
Some guy just came up to me in Walmart and said, "excuse me miss I believe you dropped your smile."  bitchfaceprobz
 ReTweet  Art  ArtWall Dragos Dumitrascu Duo Magic Painted Gallery wrapped 
 Crazyppl Why are ppl so angy for no reason. Getting in to Walmart a man just got into a parking line, started yelling:"another F***ing line
It sucks having the new Walmart by my house. So much traffic omg
 VanessaROnAir  tram_mai  ItsFoodPorn Thanks for the heads up I'm heading to Walmart to get some!
Pampers Jumbo Diaper Packs Only  2.97 at Walmart! 
i was at walmart just now and i went to open one of the doors to get milk and i got shocked,
It sucks having the new Walmart by my house. So much traffic omg😭
I caught  Triston on  Break again at  Walmart!  MyMom got to see him there as a… 
walmart v.s. chanel 
Wal-Mart, CarSaver will sell cars via  Automotive_News How's that for a 1stop shop?  CarBuying  WalMart  CarShopping
 lexibelnap22 currently driving to Walmart 😭😭
 musclesm2 The thing is, everyone has probably heard at least part of one Beatles song. They play them in Walmart :)
 NinMobileNews  Walmart  rNintendoSwitch GAME UK has nothing on the switch
Getting ready to go to Walmart 😊😊😊
Cause w/o facts, science math ... she's just Barbie.   explainsalot   getmeabeerdoll 
I always spend more than I intended to   Walmart
Abby and I always go to walmart together. 😂
On The Go Men's or Women's 10pc Travel Kit for  6 + pickup at Walmart - 
Walked into Walmart & an Reliant NRG rep ask me who my energy company is I said, "I don't know, I don't pay bills 😁"
This guy has been playing the guitar at Howell mill Walmart entrance for like 2 years
Stranger at  Walmart complimented me on my  DearEvanHansen shirt.  YouWillBeFound 🙌
Tbh Hilary helped push bills that helped her former employers  Walmart get richer in the 90's this is how it works 
This couple at Walmart smelled like shit Jesus Christ take a shower every day
Bout to be in Walmart looking hit 🤒
Excited to present Gilda's Club a  50k check from the Walmart Foundation...amazing support they provide to people s… 
How is Don going to help the poor people in China who are slaving away making our Walmart junk and paying with thei… 
HOW TO GET SQUISHIES FROM WALMART!: via  YouTube
 ChrisWHeatherly  realDonaldTrump - Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the best of fwends 😇😂
 FailingJustin  koolaid they have them on Walmart.ca 
You're making me miss koolaid jammers THANKS JUSTIN
 Walmart BTW, live near a Walmart neighborhood grocery which is a really good grocery. Produce is better than allegedly higher end stores.
*you can wear spider man masks and play w piñatas   Walmart w 
Beep, beep! Trendy styles for your little man coming through!

Shop here: 
 QuanDaDon_ I was still on Walmart premises , it ain't worth me losing my job! Even tho I was a li scared lmao.
Buying A Car At The Walmart Isn't Going To Mean Huge Savings - 
A Thin Twist on the OREO Cookie you love. SAVE on  newOREOTHINS at  Walmart today.  ad 
- Walmart Sales and discounts page check out all their sales updated daily!
Need an extra TV for the kids' room or game room?  This RCA 40" 1080p LED HDTV, model RLDED4016A, is only  199.99... 
Can't handle walmart its full of crying babies and pajama warriors
I need a ride to Walmart??? Don't all speak at once now... lol 😂
 News  Headlines WND Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals 
10/12 or another one about 10 miles away to get a drink. If I need to go to Walmart-mart I'll do that. I'll go in to check on my mom
i hate walmart
Facing Stiff Competition, Target Hires New CMO To Spark Brand Loyalty 
Walmart ~ RCA 40" 1080p LED HDTV Only  199 (reg.  299) - 
Today, I Was Quickly Reminded Why I Do NOT Go In Walmart.
 pituvision All for 15 bucks at Walmart, they also had the   40 red drangonzord for   15 at the clearennce section!… 
 SpacePenguinZ I buy my big soft pretzels from walmart frozen. Put them in the toaster oven, when done cover in pepper butter mighty fine.
When everyone is at Walmart getting supplies lmao  NewSemester
"we going to walmart" 
 tuisaloo  Walmart  mallofamerica  the classiest 😎
 CeciliaVasquez_ i tried working at walmart first. but they're assholes. so rude
Would you buy a car from a Walmart kiosk? 
Wait, craft beer brewed by... Walmart? You gotta check this out: 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  CricketRewards Download today!  
.  TEN_GOP Walmart is hiring for people like her, I could actually see her on People of Walmart's website!
Why is Walmart so bright ew
 trapbleezy Walmart
Where you just at walmart?!  tanzygivens
 killedtheday Walmart! Most Canadian pizza pop ever haha
so today I bought a flannel shirt at Walmart don't even but when in swampland Yada yada
pulled into Walmart parking lot 
 AshlynLutes "look Mo someones smaller than you" (while pointing at a 8yr old) 
🙄🙄🙄
 Walmart I don't mind the drive if I know I can get it. IMHO this is Walmart's single biggest problem.
*HOT* Bounty Paper Towels ONLY 47¢ at Walmart! - 
 discount  coupon  deal 
My Walmart purchases when I hear that assistant college football coaches make  1 Million a year.. 
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals: An abandoned Walmart building in Brownsville, Texas, will be used… 
Haven't even stepped inside Walmart and already have been hit on twice 😑🙃
My mom was all pissy about having to go to Walmart until this really cute guy asked her about Pillsbury crescent rolls 😂
My new fave lotion! It smells so good! Find it online  AD 

Ok  Walmart I thought this was 3 separate chokers 
Because Walmart is a cheap place to grocery shop I can try all these new dinners I've never made
 Jazwares i saw them in walmart yesterday though
Walmart Times! 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Philadelphia, PA 
 USATODAY  POTUS  EPN how? By getting rid of Starbucks, Walmart and McDonalds. Kick them out of Mexico.
 _paigefossa walmart has been around for years
Got a Walmart undershirt? Kinda dingy and faded? Got an overshirt that doesn't rly fit? Half button that down over your undershirt and cry.
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily Great now we know where to go to get them  POTUS
The one in Walmart sucks 
This was the first day I ever went to Amanda's house. Her mom took us to Walmart for snacks lmaoo 
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart  walmartwednesday  win great prize
Me and  ArcherCian  are GUCCI AND CHANEL and you're WALMART
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 1/25/2017 5:57:08 PM
Abandoned  Walmart opens as shelter for  illegals via  worldnetdaily  Amnesty  ImmigrationReform  RedNationRising
Here comes the crime!!!!!  Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals via  worldnetdaily
Gotta make a trip to Walmart 🚘💨
Walmart Set to Cut 200 E-Commerce Jobs in California  ecommerce 
 Walmart These were Bluetooth headphones. doubt are selling like hotcakes. Have run into this before where drove miles to find item out
ReburtO climentè falty computer read  pwdmr personal car third party reflected vest  mitchellanes  annix  fd  fb… 
Portland office caught in Walmart (NYSE: Walmart) e-commerce cuts - Portland Business Journal 
 mranda_jmnz this why I don't like you going anywhere 😱😳 this has been happening at Walmart too..Pasadena is filled with sex trafficking.
OMG IM GONNA ASK MY BROTHER TO TAKE ME TO WALMART NOW SKSHSKDBDMRBFKRRB
me: spends  40 at walmart
me: i don't know how this keeps happening
Nice savings with these match ups!

Couponing at Walmart: Cheap Quaker Real Medleys Oatmeal, Dannon Whole Milk Yo..… 
Just pulled into Walmart's parking lot, and this asshole opens his door so quickly that it smacks and dents Hubs' car. 😠 People suck.
 emma_flanery you can buy it at Hyvee or Walmart with like the almond bark (I think that's what its called) like the big bricks of chocolate
Evenflo Baby Gear: Save Up to  30 Off Select Evenflo Baby Gear at The post… 
 RRR_Podcast Thought of you when I saw this! And also apparently Walmart are gonna try selling cars in the states  
 MrNobre I bought mine from Home Depot. Rona or Walmart should have some too
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Powhatan, VA 
Some guy was fuckin GROWLING in the Walmart bathroom
Hurry, this sweet deal ends on 1/30/17!  newOREOTHINS in flavors you'll love  Walmart.  ad 
Star Wars Black Series Walmart 3.75" Captain Phasma Figure Force Awakens  StarWars 
 TEN_GOP  Walmart has security jobs open...
Tune in to  FunkoFunkast Ep5🎙w/  CSSully  HilaryLGray  camerondeuel  YokoMcCann & Lauren to win  StarWars  ROTS 3pa… 
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals  APPFrontpage  FrontPage  trump  maga… 
An employee at  Walmart left a hand scanner on a shelf. I'm tempted to take it so I can be like 
I need a ride to Walmart and Aldi's at like 7 🙃
 Cards 2016  Topps Walmart Holiday Cole Hamels Metallic Snowflake  HMW93  Texas  Rangers 
don't mind me I'm just in Walmart taking pictures w my new phone
I liked a  YouTube video from  mommyandgracie Hatchimals Walmart Exclusive Score Monster High FNAF The Doll
 LaurenKayla87 Click to see the FUJIFILM FinePix. It has a 16.4 megapixel camera and 5x optical zoom.  -Zoe
I HATE going to Walmart. I get in here and don't know how to come out 💀
I swear my mom is on a mission to get in everyone's way at Walmart today!!!! 😥🔫
 jpholbrooks  SardonicSilly  AntiMedia Walmart's going to be hard hit & so will Fly-over America.
my sisters bf works at walmart so he ordered me the illuminate cd w the guitar pick 😩👌🏻
PSA: Pistachios are about half off right now at Walmart!!!
 mmarsha13  JakeTimmermann  TheRuIes ain't no party like a Walmart party cuz a Walmart party don't stop
 SNICKERS  Walmart I don't find Crisper there.....please get some (my store is Michigan)
 MissMandi00 We take this kind of thing very seriously. Could you please let us know which location you saw this in and what aisle? -Rick
I hate walmart but I need to go there and buy ink 😑
 RWAdvanced tell the world. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide. tweet the planet
Help my 2 friends are busy and I need to go to walmart but I don't want to go alone
Parking lot of Walmart, is where we sex-sex
"Guns baby" press send text-text
Bonnie & Clyde spree, the new next-next.

 amwriting  poem
If you work at walmart you're automatically skehhh
Munchkin Deluxe for  22 + pickup at Walmart - CNET - 
 ncorkrean14 u realize walmart does it and uptown auto does it...
 GregMcMillan let everyone know coach, take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide take care!
 amandasinishtaj lmao same so imma take my ass to Walmart and buy  8 box dye💀💀😭
 drewbee1212 let's go to walmart real quick
 uknowuremowhen nine in the afternoon played in walmart last year lmao
Nobody in Turtle Bay is shopping at Walmart. 
Parents came to visit and bring me some gifts: crock pot, blender, toaster oven and a toaster. Apparently Walmart was having a huge sale 🙄
 gabbie_loll luxury nails by Walmart
 LauraOutThere  Bwana86 I have a real job and I never go to Walmart, unlike Trumpanzees
These lines in Walmart make no sense either😔
 dat_cox_44 walmart
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Burtle – Purple/Teal Egg are in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals January 25, 2017 5:50 pm 
 charliedwatson for all the runner beans. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide good day today
Enter now for your chance to win  Walmart gift cards, Palmer's hats or samples!  PalmersCocoaTour
Get a spring in your step with some flashes of floral 🌸   jordachetoddler  ootd  wearwalmart  jordache
Shop now  |… 
I liked a  YouTube video GRANDPA FARTED IN WALMART!!
Woman At Walmart Feels Warm Liquid Hit Her Neck. She Turns To See What This Man Was Holding 
ICYMI: Walmart's outrageously low wages are costing taxpayers billions in public assistance:… 
yall was okay wit obama lettin all these damn immigrants come in, but wanna cry when one of them people buss up a walmart.
The worst thing is getting a bad basket at Walmart...
 LauraOutThere  Bwana86 I heard that the Walmart food court has bad lighting
 BrandNew535  QuietInsurrectn Anyone who says they're progressive and still shops at Walmart is suffering from cognitive dissonance.
These kids in Walmart running wild right now. Screaming and doing karate shit
When I got my taxes done they gave me a 50 dollar gift card to walmart😂
 Walmart that's the issue why should I have to wait 5 more days for something that was lost during shipment!? And I was never told about it
 Girlthts_tee Raw shea butter from a local beauty supply and Igor the Aloe Vera Gel from Walmart!
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter  Infowars
 MeghanUhlilbit they are pajama pants that look like jeans lmao I found them at Walmart I've never worn jeggings so idk the comparison
do not tell me that the protein i get is 17 dollars at walmart like i haven't checked before smh
American walmart is as horribly wonderful as I imagined.
Has anyone purchased a refurbished iPhone SE from Walmart? 
 laxvs blairwitch - walmart sabbath
I really need to go to Walmart but my car is buried in snow 🙃
This lady at Walmart trying to play me😒
 FailingJustin  koolaid WALMART 
i ran out of concealer today my moms at walmart and i asked her to get me a new one and she said no 
 Aly_Raisman just letting everyone know. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide . -jessica
When you pass  ericstonestreet (Cam from Modern Family)in the Burbank Walmart but he was coming towards you so you couldn't get a picture 😅😩
cant go to walmart without somebody daddy tryna speak to me
if you like online shopping.. 
 turpin4prez Walmart but no Walruses?
 FBabyxO but I only get the meat at the Mr Bs place rest comes from publix or Walmart sometimes too
What Walmart r you going to 
 CNNSitRoom  davidaxelrod the situation room last show will be aired this coming Friday. Wolf will leave CNN for Walmart greeter
😂 I saw her in the Fayetteville Walmart buying clothes one day 
We're gonna go to the new Compton Walmart in a bit. Why am I excited lmaoao
 DemonTwoSix  QuietStotle5 Walmart ammo and action figures only! Can't give up our good American lead for free!
Tone Fitness Anti-burst Stability Ball, Only  5 (Value  9.77) & FREE 30 Day Daily Burn Workout at Walmart! - 
Imma need a Walmart or Walgreens run in a couple days 😭
Wtf is this shit  Walmart? Space sword? 
Great results from  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor

 ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  SheSpeaksUp 
Whoa, whoa, WalMart's my BFF for deals on necessities like toilet tissue... WinterbleShow  760kfmb  realDonaldTrump  Walmart  POTUS
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Gibsonton, FL 
 prettyboy_felix they pull up at Walmart and Jack got excited "daddy! Daddy! Look! We are here!"
 POTUS  realDonaldTrump has attacked several US corporations. When will he attack Walmart (a subsidiary of China) with imported  goods?
 Tchalllaa or you can buy it at Walmart for  10
RESIDENTS SHOCKED LOCAL WALMART TRANSFORMING INTO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT SHELTER  TCOT  WakeUpAmerica 
 Mz_Splashes she don't know which one, she went to Sam's and Walmart. She's not sure if she lost it in there store or not.
 Walmart send my W2s
Thank you  Walmart for having your employees walk right by me as I wait 20min to cut some fabric. It's okay, I did it myself -_-
 woohyelims ive had the sheets since i had pokemon in them in elementary dmnd u can get them at walmart! and ive had this binder since then
"i wanna go to meijers n Walmart but I have too many fucking kids to be fucking around like that." - my sister w 3 kids 😂
feeling bored at Walmart at Pier Park 
Sittin at Walmart waiting on script. Then to Sara's to fix chicken and dumplings. — listening to Thy Will Be Done
Valentine M&M’s  0.50 with Coupon – Walmart! 
Stop trying to pickup girls at walmart, damn
gucci vs walmart 
When you do something at  work  to help and get criticized for it...  Walmart Whatever, taking my last 15 min break 20 min before I get off
 Walmart I did not, but I will do that. Thank you!
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart~  JohnnieBowers47  DwilightF  NicolesChoice1 Kick back and relax in Deluxe Recliner!  WalmartWednesday
walmart has the good shit 
My dad and I went to Walmart for toothpaste payed 40  got in the car and remembered the toothpaste ☠️
Anyone looking for a cheap T-Mobile Phone I will be selling mine for 60 bucks. Its the Galaxy on5 walmart phone... 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist A DOLLAR TREE CHRISTMAS... also featuring Walmart & Ross
I honestly don't think the whole Walmart thing is a big deal. I'll probably just do what I want.
Dang Walmart on Kirkwood is full of criminal activities
I liked a  YouTube video from  glamstylegossip Real Talk NOSEY ISH WALMART ROACHES with that CHINA WHITE
Walmart has The Hunger Games on Blu-ray for  5.96: 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dodge City, KS 
 dcexaminer Fire her and assign her to guard the Walmart Parking lot.
I GOT A LETTER TOO WHEN I WAS IN 6TH GRADE LMAO i wrote an essay adressed to the white house about building a walma… 
|: In Walmart and I was just about to start complaining and this cute girl is smiling at me from across the aisle...

Like hey girrrlll.
 kliffhuxtable so? Food lion and Walmart out my window!!!!
 Walmart, We bought what was left of the Ecto Minis and some cheese sticks from the Deli. Totally worth the trip. 
 PeteSheepdog  BigDuhie1955  honeysiota I walked behind a group of 6 refugees the other day in Walmart. It really started to make me panic
This walmart lady yelled at me for no reason 😑
s/o too the girl i juss seen at walmart in sulphur❤❤❤❤❤😘
Got a interview tomorrow a Walmart
Do you think the Donald can build walls around Walmart? Those are the people we should be blocking from this country.
 Walmart is no good. Ordered a camera and canceled the order with no refunds. 😡👎
 CraigAtTheTop They even sold packets of "Trump" at the local Walmart 😎
 FuckingWall 
Gerber Baby Food Just  0.73 At Walmart! 
 ZhaneAmiya Walmart
33 Top Deals You Can’t Miss at Walmart This Week via Passionate Penny Pincher - Note that ... 
 dtmag "Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals"
Ready to go buy some of this Valentines day candy that Walmart has stocked up for myself 🙄😂
Walmart had direct control over who was the next president
We at your local Walmart getting fucked up
Deport them all, President Trump 
Walmart: Kraft Salad Dressing Only  1.50! 
Was thinking about going to Walmart,  wdarian1  texted me and asked me to go to Walmart .. she can read my mind. 😂
Some guy ran into me at Walmart not paying attention, after he says "oh gosh I'm sorry" my response is, "you're welcome"🤦🏼‍♀️I hate myself😅
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals by Politics – WND  APPFrontpage  FrontPage  U.S.
First time in my life I need extra. Do they sell it at Walmart or should I check target?
"i make 3k a week" 
 
*applies to walmart*
Walmart: You can get ur cash over there

Me: Cashme ouside howbout dat
 BellLetsTalk don't work there anymore but shoutout to the people who made Walmart bearable  breheffernan  janegallivan  JulieBrown_9
SHE SHOULD BE FIRED/WALMART NEEDS GREETERS  
I don't shop at Walmart🤢 
walmart y target 
 kkarCASHian__  Jadoreaysiaa__ Im Usain Bolt'ing it outta there. I'll just get the tv from walmart since they wanna be childish.
Talking live from inside the Wickford Walmart hardware section. 
hold up, you got fired from WALMART?
"Walmart version of troye Sivan" I CANT BREATH 
Where are the bitches at — Take a left at the Walmart and you got them  
Listerine was once pulled from Walmart in 1989 because a woman claimed it burned her mouth. They realized after that’s just how it tastes.
My mom is growling at the walmart parking lot.
 xxxbmg does walmart have them lol
 SlimThaGoddess_  kliffhuxtable  _BaDunCHING_ food lions in NC and select nationwide Walmart super centers
cash me by the fitting rooms at Walmart how bow dah?
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 akuma632  TOYSPOTTING Walmart
Forgot my  6 ice cream at Walmart ☹️
 WWEArticle  TOYSPOTTING Walmart
 apacx23 was spotted in Walmart with wet hair xoxo gossip Jack
 acgrapher  TOYSPOTTING Walmart
Mr Castronovo's midget ass almost ran into me in the parking lot of Walmart lmao haulin ass
Need help finding an underwater camera at a reasonable price.  BestBuy  Walmart  any ideas?
Let's let sponsors like Kohls and McDonalds know were boycotting Oscars &buy from competitors like Walmart,etc.
 guildedearlobe That shouldn't have happened and we apologize. Did you contact  for help with your refund? -Zoe
Who's ieu? I only know Walmart Version of Troye Sivan
 TheRickWilson  Brainyack524 Jade Helm 15 and the underground Walmart tunnels?
[Walmart] Disney Princess Magical Kitchen Playset  20 
"walmart kardashians"
Dad: Wednesdays are mine and your moms date night
Me: where y'all going?
Dad: Walmart

Creative, Dad. I'm sure she'll love that. 😂
Damn they got somebody hemmed up at walmart gas station. I hope they dont find shit. They all over this person truck
When individuals succeed, communities are uplifted. See how  Walmart is committed to  Hispanics  MejorContigo: 
 ICYMI: Fun  AVIA79 sports bras in  walmart + online for  7.84- 12.86! 💪🏻Go to for links!… 
Chef in at Walmart Supercenter in Tampa, FL
& the lying where it all start , Bae I'm bout to run with Mecca out to Walmart
I'm take him wit me when we go to Walmart cuz I don't wanna here his mouth
and he got all mad like bro i dont control what she does and what do you want me to do walk all the way from Walmart to go put her inside
Abandoned Walmart opens as shelter for illegals

Walmart sucks
This lady told me the other day all I gotta do is bring her my Walmart work schedule and I'll have the job. But I'm lazy.. 😂😂
 GinaeSays give this a review. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide in your spare time
Starting to wish I didn't leave walmart
myAppliances->Arrest made in store burglary - The Star of Grand Coulee 
Bring the BOUNCE back to your strands  with our  CoconutShea Leave In Conditioner! Available at select  Walmart sto… 
I seen Illegals being registered in Avon CO Walmart in Sept. 2016 Also Watch a woman scam My MA townhall out of 3 b… 
Spice Union Shrimp & Grits! - Spice blend avail    walmart.com  bestbuy.com  amazon.com.  Recipe  … 
CONGLATURATIONZ 'Target' on Sepulveda & Figeroua, you have become Walmart. That's not easy to do, but you managed to do so
 Walmart  Target
 Silent  Generation alert!🚨 Nostalgic  memoir now  bargain priced   Walmart
Synopsis   
Win A  500 Walmart Gift Card! 
Save it as a jpeg go to Sams Club or Walmart have it printed as a 4 by 6 photo that is postcard size and whenever w… 
can i just go to walmart and get a decent cart...ever?
Sitting in walmart parking lot dreading dealing with all of these skank asses.
Still haven't packed our bags. I seriously need to go to Walmart before Friday. People always spin me though🤷🏼‍♀️
. CNN . Jaketapper A teachable moment on what real reporting is like and how US citizens are screwed over: 
Fowler realized that her 2-year-old son Jameus wanted a hug, so doing what any mom would do, she picked him up... 
 wazzucoug99  POTUS I would like to see another Venn diagram, Walmart shoppers and Trump Supporters.
Blunt then Walmart run.
 WomensRunning retweet this to help. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide thanks so kindly !
There are 14 registers available at the front of Walmart. Why are only two open?
wtf is it w this walmart cast of "shame" like no please keep it
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  CricketRewards Download today!  
Tony Hawk Pro Skater 5 -  5 at Walmart 
Wtf  Walmart ?! One of your employees has a seizure, and her options are work anyway or get fired?!  Fuckyou2  bullshit  walmart
They at Walmart in p way 
 capinmoomoo i found mine in the walmart vitamin section! i'll send you a pic
 uhohheresjojo We're sorry to hear that you were unable to return the ring. Please visit so we can help you. -Zoe
1/27-29, some area  Walmart stores will give away FREE samples of Hershey's new Cookie Layer Crunch bars  wtopfood… 
regrann from  GotHipHopSwagga  -  Wait for it ... 😮 !!!  Comment your first reaction 😂😫  walmart… 
 tuluznoora this is the most walmart thing i've ever seen
 Connor_M_Kelley  Walmart  EA 

I love  Battlefield, but honestly that disc will load about as fast as the actual game.
Got out of bed&went to Walmart. Wasn't able to work up the courage to drive my truck. It's still progress.  BellLetsTalk  depressionsucks
My kids LOVE their soft skin!
Find Vaseline online  AD  AD 
I went in Walmart for 2 things and I walked out with 2 things  Newyear  newme 😊
 timburchett  Walmart mayor, how bout that "fightin' beaver band!"
When your girlfriend abuses you at walmart
*at Walmart* 

Grandma: "they bring the whole family down just to buy a box of damn cereal"
When I wonder if I matter, I remember 6 Americans per year sit dead in their cars in Walmart parking lots for months on end & aren't missed.
 ThankYouTrump for making fat people work again... No more electric wheelchairs at Walmart!!!
 MudderLori  PhotoshopLee  RaylenemP  buddy_luh77 Honeywell. training forever and GE h&b ... fishbowl the worst lol
This is not the right walmart
Walmart shoppers can score a 5-ct roll of Pillsbury Grands Juniors Biscuits for ONLY  0.50!
See how here: -… 
Just found out that there is a bomb threat at the Walmart in  PicoRivera on  rosemead  scary
Just spent an hour in Walmart trying to pick up medicine since my insurance sent us wrong info on our new insurance cards 😒
 Coreteezy oml I was at Walmart the other day like wtf is this shit lmo
The lady in front of me dressed business casual just purchased a shovel tarp and a roll of duct tape  Walmart
Go to your local Walmart. Check out the "oops, we made too much" aka "this stuff is expiring… 
Another possible find at Walmart!

Disney Princess Belle Tea Cart Possibly Just  29 


 Walmart I've been trying to process an online grocery order since 8am MST. Have yet to hear back from techincal support. Frustrated user.
Love shopping walmart? Cash back rebates on ebates now: ebates promo code 
"store brands have in common a tendency to deliberately obscure-or flat-out conceal-where the beer is coming from" 
My brother got a toothace so i told em to go cop orajel jit went to walmart stole it and walks in talkin bout how I put this on?? Lmfao
Shinedown - Second Chance (Walmart Soundcheck) (Live) (HD)  BucketList 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻  
 ChadCaldwell24 you left your car at Walmart!!! 
 yeswecouponinc was just at walmart in oregon this store was good but not "wow" lol
ive been to walmart like everyday this week and i always manage to forget stuff 🙃
The fair was so pack for 2 dollar admission felt like Martin Luther king day 😭 we had to park at Walmart
Barbie Dreamhouse  15 ~ Check Your Walmart!!
Go Here -->> 
To take on  Amazon, Walmart is streamlining its retail and web teams 
I guess that's only because the Walmart I work at got pajamas sets and onesies from  2- 7.
I got "Crunchy belVita Breakfast Biscuits"   takeadailybreak 
 WomensRunning oh the struggle. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide i know oh too well
 dima7b_ tired of seeing people in walmart with full cart pay with EBT cards from several states, the system is broke man, its broke!
ambassador walmart didn't even have my tires, so i guess i gotta go to new iberia tomorrow & see🙄
I liked a  YouTube video from  matthiasiam 10 Strange Walmart Items!
The Walton family is rich because of a low-wage model and aggressive stance against unionization of Walmart workers. 
 SEROTONlA  ieuanofficial what kinda walmart version of troye sivan is this
Today Only: Pantene Travel Size Haircare FREE + Moneymaker at Walmart! 
If I see one more female avi picture in that pink Walmart body mirror, I'm reporting the damn photo 😂🙄🤦🏽‍♀️
If you ever just stay in one spot for more than 5 mins at Walmart you will see some crazy people.
 MrsTofte it looks like you can get it here: but it's also available at  Amazon  BNBuzz Indie bookstores &  Walmart
 WaltonFamilyFdn  Walmart high-needs? You mean poor? Maybe give their parents a fucking raise  fightfor15
 Bloodyrousa r those oreo crunch bars at walmart...
 runnersworld when the time comes. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide be  cleanalways
50 retweets and I leave my sister at walmart.  halfasiansrule
 martellarojessi go to Dothan. On 231 just past Walmart on the right go to Thai house. 💯
BEAUTIFUL!  Free Pantene Shampoo & ...  deal  Coupon  Coupons  Freebies  Gratis  Rebate… 
When u trip your sister in Walmart and u thankful she didn't catch u and beat ur butt😅🙏🙏
Walmart knows... 
Was watching  KyleDavidHall video and realized that this is what me and my friends do sometimes at Walmart 
Our Walmart trips 😂😂 gracefirzak  olivia_tober 
 Lionel_Racing about time another Keselowksi. Hopefully walmart can stock these diecast
Walmart needs to stop fakin I'm tryna get tf up out of here
 juanybeats lets take Molly tonight and go to Walmart
PSA: If you try and print pictures off at Walmart, ALL your pictures pop up on a giant screen...😐
For a chance to win  25 Walmart Gift Card follow  EtechJobs & tweet  ComeGrowWithEtech
 wilIsoIace ironic bcs it's actually walmart 
Fuzzy

 fashion  fashionnova  forever21  walmart  ego  shoes  black  cape  blazer  pretty  messy… 
Really wish David would hurry and get to Walmart, I'm tired of waiting😌
 crazylikeanox  this will hel with half your problems. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide -J
 dcexaminer Then she should be fired and placed on duty guarding the Walmart parking lot.
If you needed a reason to boycott Walmart read on....
 ReTweet  CleanWater  Plastic Foam Faucet Water Tap Filtration Filter 
Walmart is cutting 200  ecommerce positions. 
Star Wars Black Series Walmart Exclusive 3.75" Finn Action figure Force Awak...  StarWars 
 loribaldwin95 We're glad to hear that you liked the music! Our stores like to surprise you sometimes. -Zoe
everyone knows skam is a walmart version of skins the american versions going to flop
Where can I buy a firestick.... because Walmart doesn't sell them.
 carlysunshine_ haha I got mine at Walmart. Gave those little fuckers my last  8 😭
 ddhedder ah, okay. We don't have Walmart over here
38% of Walmart employees on public assistance, that mean taxpayers are subsidizing labor force so Walton family can… 
I'll never go to the grocery store hungry ever again. Especially Walmart
chanel vs. walmart 
 HeatherLyWGRZ direct action Standing rock DAPL flash mob Hamburg walmart 6 pm
Unbelievable Walmart. They denied my day off for the Superbowl unless I can find someone to switch with (ha, ok sure) or use a sick day.
 Walmart I ordered a camera on your website and i need a refund. Canceled my order, then tell me I did not out it in. I need my 70  back.
 Walmart needs to sponsor  BubbaWallace for the season!  wewantbubba
 batemansworld nice to see you'll soon be starring in the people of Walmart  walmartions
My little  Walmart super model! She looks SO cute! 
Chanel VS Walmart 
 AustenMarieTV I usually get mine at Walmart or Winners.
Gotta free Walmart grift card just for doing a survey
 smikep911 pray with this. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide. enjoy the day. its wicked
 jessica29108 We apologize for the delay. Bank holds are usually resolved within 5 business days. Please keep us posted on this issue. -Zoe
Talents include but not limited to: memorization of the times and temps required to make all food in the Walmart freezer section.
Really  Walmart ? What's up with this 😳 
member when we got kicked out of walmart  ZiembaAmarra 
 __Boston_George neighborhood Walmart lbs .
Business at Walmart is goina to be slow tomorrow. ,(
Let Us Help You Build Your Breakfast Pairing 
 FAIRImmigration  krgv Well, I guess it gives an abandoned Walmart a purpose. Biggest age group are 15-17 year old… 
 angelacth  poetrysaetre  Namelessamantha walmart as fuck
my knees hurt too bad to stand on a damn bus with a driver who couldn't control a Walmart shopping cart
Western Maple BBQ Smoking Chips 180-Cu In Bag for  3 + pickup at Walmart - 
Do you use liquid, powder or pacs? Laundry deal of the week -- just 4¢ per load!  StockUp

►►… 
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter » Alex... 
 iamchuka try this. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide. let me know what happens
 lotsagiggles67  realDonaldTrump 

 Walmart has bottled water dumb dumb
The end of this video made me cry in a Walmart  
How tf does it take walmart an hour and a half to change my oil, there were no cars in the oil changing port when I pulled up wtfff
I have a new secret weapon   snacktime & I'm not sharing.  WeightWatchers  Walmart  GreatTasteGuaranCheesed  IC (ad)
I mean, I don't care now because I switched from Giorgio Armani foundation to the FitMe one from Walmart.
 thatgirltrinn__ we use to be in Walmart w/ the middle finger up 😂💀
 EarthSoKind  gatewaypundit  POTUS How many legal Americans shot/stabbed/killed at Walmart?  Don't lie.
3rd Walmart trip of the day, 4th in the last 36 hours 👍🏻
Exercising restraint right now and not getting snacks from Walmart or the gas station is doing nothing for this fucked up mood I'm in.
YOU LOOK SO UGLY STANDING THERE IN THE WALMART CLOTHES YOU STILL WEAR.
 VersaceGcount happens more than you think. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide 0 if need be
I'm finna learn to change my own oil. Walmart bout to blow me taking all damn day
 itsmisscatalina hi it's David from Walmart. Let's work together
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Draggle – Blue/Green Egg are in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals January 25, 2017 5:20 pm 
always at Walmart by myself now
 AlishaEbrahimji  wfaachannel8  Walmart is a Lexus going to be cheaper :) ?
Maybe they should start selling condoms at Walmart! Wait, they do! What about the grocery store? Hey I think they s… 
 paully_steaks Glad your happy that your mother who works at Walmart pays more than Trump. Feel better? At least she's more American
Last time I went to Walmart someone drew a dick on it 
You guys need to list things right on your website  Walmart  WalmartCareers 
or you could get it from walmart lol 
 giannagelardi many people do. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide you are not alone
Walmart's Role in the New World Order Exposed: Police State, RFID Chippi... 
When you get a little too excited in Walmart cause you found  blakelively's L'oréal lipsticks. 😅
This guy started talking and his breath is horrible. Only at Walmart.
Walmart during the day is a wild place.
 RBegany Your photos look spectacular! Thank you for choosing Walmart to create your lasting memories. -Zoe
Some fat lady just looked at me with such disgust in line at Walmart, so I looked even more disgusted right back at her lol don't try me
 wibcasto me too. Found one lone one in beckley. Walmart is best bet. GameStop said they haven't gotten any since release.
Walmart Office Chair Sale - up to 37% off 
Pantene  1.06 Money Maker at Walmart! 
 Walmart will never shop there again
Only at Walmart 😁 😁 😁 
Doesn't matter how old you are 
When your mother text you with a list of things she needs you make Walmart your first stop after work
I bought my son a Xbox controller at  Walmart. It broke after a month. The Clarksville store wouldn't return it. Due to return policy
Pick out your next car after you hit the paper towel aisle: 
 appollo9919  maryFAILface  MissLizzyNJ You can get contraceptives at Walmart pharmacy for  4
it be thee ugly ones in Walmart stalking you
Did you know  Walmart employs more than 200,000  Hispanic associates? Learn more about being  MejorContigo: 
Another sign of Walmart's struggling web biz in the face of Amazon's dominance: Walmart cutting 200  ecommerce jobs. 
1950's Retro Candy 2.5-lb. Gift Box for  22 + pickup at Walmart

 justinrayharvey Doing OK. How bout U? Having to work at Walmart. It sux. Need the money though.
Spoil your cat with Meow Mix Bistro from Walmart! The bistro-inspired food will keep your cat purring with joy… 
News: Nation's largest retailer (Walmart) to help sell the priciest product we buy (cars) 
Last presentation frOM Cui Arroyo Walmart and great presence at  CDAOCA! 
I need someone who's down to go to Walmart with me no matter what time it is
 dubknight I feel this might be because you spend way too much time in the Walmart return line..
Are these white tears available at my local neighborhood Walmart? I'm feeling parched 
💛Walmart💛

 Repost murrykneegooyen with  repostapp
・・・
7 and 9 inch plates at Walmart for .10… 
Went to check out at Walmart and had  16.77 on me and my total was  16.87.... why is this my luck
There's no one at the gun counter at Walmart I could literally just steal a gun right now
Retweeted Taylor Warren ( VeganTaylor):

Please help us reach our goal to buy billboards to call on Walmart's... 
Failing  deltaoptimist more interested in marketing for Walmart and blocking a guy's freedom of speech than reporting
RESIDENTS SHOCKED LOCAL WALMART TRANSFORMING INTO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT SHELTER

The sheriffs just arrived.  Still locked out  PicoRivera  Walmart  mystery
 _JonWood Authentics being the Walmart cars. Ragan, DiBenedetto, and Jeffrey all have had cars made in Authentics.
I always get the broken cart at Walmart that wants to go left, I signed up to buy groceries not for a constant struggle and an ab workout🙄
 sweetbaby talking to Mamma while shopping at Walmart. 
 MaiDebrah Gets better. Buying cheap Chinese made shit at the purveyor of cheap Chinese shit: Walmart. You know, th… 
amen🙃 puttin' a dip in and turnin your  2 camo Walmart hat around backwards definitely doesn't make you a "die hard… 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart..


Current  situation ugh..   Walmart Mays Landing 
 Shrinkie_Dink That's the correct email address. Did you let the Help Desk team at know that this is happening? -Zoe
Took a fat 1 hour break bc of another Walmart threat
Walmart to cut 200 e-commerce staffers in California
HeatMap Column 3>  Unemployment… 
But wait it's one at Walmart she yella too 😩 choices
Try a new body wash from  Dove!  PamperWithPeony  Walmart  ad 
Obviously, the person who came up with the phrase "The freaks come out at night" has probably never been to Walmart… 
 marissacs95 or go to Walmart
RIP Mary Tyler Moore. Ate these Planters Cashews from the SUCcessful company  MrPeanut that I bought from Walmart,… 
 Walmart is there a set date that W-2's will be sent to previous employees?
I got my W2 from Faneuil now Walmart, and Mcdonalds need to get off the bully
once i find my wallet im heading to walmart to buy a tiny bookshelf
WowWee COJI Robot Toy: Learn to Code with Emojis for  10 at Select Walmart Stores  -  -  A… 
I got kicked out of Walmart
The Walmart on rosemead has locked out the customers  whatsgoingon?
Please help us reach our goal to buy billboards to call on Walmart's support of animal cruelty! We're almost there!… 
Hoping I don't regret the Walmart sushi I just ate ✌🏼
Went to Walmart to get mason socks ended up spending almost  50 on PJs and sippy cups 😑
Walmart to Walmart >>>>
 dellszn can get them at walmart for like  5.
I just went to Walmart and bought  katyperry's Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection! I'm so Happy with myself!!!!
Looking to spoil your cat? Meow Mix Bistro from Walmart, bistro-inspired food, will keep your cat purring!… 
Idk we got all this stuff in a Walmart goodie bag which is great but Walmart gave us some weird stuff
Town of Bluffton holds grand opening for new Walmart 
Great Value 60W Equivalent LED Bulbs 4-Pack for  6 + pickup at Walmart - 
Help ME win and enter for your shot at a  600 Walmart Gift Card from  CBS6. 
what's that shit at walmart so you pass a drug test called?
This stupid ass bitch just told me they sale real Jordan's at walmart for under 100 dollars 😑😑😑
 michaelminogue  ChrisMurphyCT a C02 pistol from Walmart is far quieter than a suppressed firearm, and cheaper and unregulated.
One of my biggest pet peeves is making a major Walmart run only to get home and realize I forgot one thing.
The woman at walmart literally gave me a bag for every item omg
Channel VS Walmart 
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'k pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeansostuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
 CariMoore  kinni00  RepCheri But from a cheap vendor that's what u get!! It's like buying from Walmart!! Cheap!
 dawn_o_mite  Walmart I'd call the cops.
i'm been sitting in the Walmart parking lot listening to  shakira for almost 40 mins
 Walmart manager finally showed up but wasnt really able to do anything and i just want a class ring that wont turn my finger dark green pls
 dawn_o_mite  Walmart if some dude took  80 from me, and told me to contact the accounting department in 10 days if he didn't give it back
When a cute guy works at Walmart but you are WAYYY to awkward to actually say something so you just be your awkward… 
 LaurenBessette1 We're glad that you're enjoying Walmart Grocery! It's a real game changer for saving you time and money. -Zoe
While this is a first for the  Walmart brand, the concept itself is not new.   Auto  automotive  Retail 
 MosconeMisty  OriginalFunko  Walmart I got those for Christmas misty they are scented too
wow this is just bs. I'm all for migration but if u cme here under illegal pretenses GTFO I'm not going 2 pay 4 them
In theory, I'm so anti Walmart. 

In reality, it's the only store I really go to because they have everything I need.
I liked a  YouTube video How to Beat a Walmart Security Tag
Suppose to went to Walmart but I been sitting here wit my aunt Rinky ☺️
Analysis: Walmart should focus on its customers to succeed, not try to copy Amazon  ChainStoreAge  Amazon  Walmart 
Maintain your complexion, reduce pore size, & prevent blemishes from starting with Equate Clarifying Toner.… 
pretty sure i've been to walmart more in this past week than i have in the 2 years i've lived in hattiesburg
Walmart's Jeff Fleming Elected Chairman of ATA's 40U40 Council 
 BgRs Walmart carries some, but Whole Foods got the goods. Well worth the price.
Just dropped 80 at Walmart then went back and found 60,  someonesluckyday
Rage broad heads I got at Walmart for  19.99!  TrueStory👍 
 gabev23  Walmart bro the ABC Store  abcstoreshawaii  local
catch me at your local walmart asleep in the Ball Cage gripping onto my titties for dear life
People Of Walmart Pt 7 
 ABC7 Pico Rivera Walmart evacuated police not saying why,  they even empty parking lot! 
Just got back from Walmart and I ran into an old family friend. You could tell that she's on heavy drugs and I feel so broken about it.
EEOC Sues Walmart for Discriminating Against Employee with Intellectual Disability 
Yoooo Harvey in the Walmart Deli is the jalapeño popper plugggggg
Vons (Safeway) Coupon Match Ups + Printable Shopping List via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
Walmart Price Match Deals: Kroger Coupon Match Ups via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, ... 
Couldn't even find Le'Andria Johnsons cd in Walmart. 😔
 heygibb  vanmetkj  asamjulian  VicenteFoxQue  realDonaldTrump amen try getting stamp at walmart western union on friday . All sending money
 _frannyscottt  KathrynKarukas  laura_bourn fully agree. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide-
Ur  wcw be stealing clothes out Walmart 😂
Anyone else manage to grab the Walmart Exclusive Disney Princesses? 

 walmart  walmartexclusive… 
My gosh. Could he look anymore like an AARP member waiting for public transit to pick him up at Walmart? 
 forevellyyn  almost exact but yeah you just have to look around sometimes Walmart does price match to make it chea… 
Walmart just added a surprisingly big new item to its retail lineup 
 KittenHoliday yours look shitty in ur pic. walmart bra doesn't stop your sagging tits honey
 FakeNews Alert | WALMART JUST CAVED IN TO TRUMP WITH HISTORIC ANNOUNCEMENT THAT MADE… 
 odetotylur now we know. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide now the world knows
Dang this lady was having a seizure in front of Walmart
chantix starter pack - chantix cost at walmart - chantix coupons - chantix side effects 
 kanebrown bought ur cd at Walmart yesterday even tho been listening to it on Apple Music since it came out love ur… 
I'm about to use Walmart Pickup for the first time and I'm literally SO EXCITED.  WalmartPickUp  walmart
 StockCats "I blew my wad on roulette now I greet people at walmart... same game different venue amirite"
How can that be? Basically  Walmart took my money without my permission and won't give it back. Isn't there a legal term for that?
that Netflix documentary about the revolution in Ukraine is how we should be! but these idiots rather go destroy a CVS or Walmart -.-
I need to go to Walmart .
Going to apply to walmart, thoughts? Lol
 KTLAnewsdesk Pico Rivera Walmart evacuated police not saying why,  they even empty parking lot! 
Chanel vs walmart 
. kcambra13 . lgmaterna . KKGWI09 because you are a racist and it is showing. There is a special on white sheets   Walmart run  FuckTrump
Just saw some dude bring his  Walmart grocery cart in the  mallofamerica  stayclassy
They bought every single bike at this local Walmart 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart a>
 The_Luke_Lee too many weapons. I guess I'm down with Walmart cause you can grab some groceries win or lose
So,  Walmart just double charged me for an 80 dollar order and told me there's nothing they can do about it for 10 days.
WALMART♡
Just saw some kid do the classic *looks left then right to make sure no ones around* then dash to grab a box of condoms at Walmart 😂
 AmandaaMariee00 that's a shame. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide hope this helps
Saved
With
Amazing
Grace 

A shirt I just saw at Walmart. Yikes.  Swag  PeopleOfWalmart
 Walmart manager paged a third time smh
In case anyone is looking for barbara from stranger things i found her. She works at walmart
 burkenbine_mark well alright. .take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide. its like magic
• 😭 when you're getting back to your thousands dollar checks. Yes, for the 12 hour shift. Good luck Walmart. 😂
WALMART.
1950's Retro Candy 2.5-lb. Gift Box for  22 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Walmart Would be nice if did grocery delivery for Walmart customers in DC area.
Walmart, walmart.
 DeirdreSkope  alexxhector I've been to Walmart five days in a row ❤️
Writing a sketch about the time a dude called me sweetie while selling me  DIRECTV in  Walmart,  so I unleashed my feminist rage unto him.
I say "fuck off" so much that when I went to Walmart & she said "have a good day" I almost replied fuck off hahaha 😂
Things I will NOT buy at Walmart - Money Savvy Momma -  savemoney  shopping  moneysavvy 
I stole a Betta from Walmart. So sue me. It has fin rot and probably 20 other diseases it's lethargic, pale, and weak... I should sue them.
Inside Licensing News: "Meredith Cites Walmart Change in Licensing Revenue Drop" - 
remember when my ex gave a promise ring and said it was  250 and it was actually  40 from walmart 🙄🙄🙄
I'm tired of explaining my purchases to the Walmart cashier... if I want 300 cans of shaving cream, then give me 300 cans.  youthpastorprobs
 CD  Music  TaylorSwift Ours CD Rare OOP Walmart Exclusive 2 Track Single W/ Live Version 
Walmart Price Match Deals: Kroger Coupon Match Ups - 
 codykeenan  RedAnneBolynn  KellyannePolls Walmart laying off ppl thru this wk & next.  trumpeffect
In the bathroom at walmart and the guy in the stall next to me is listening to anti-BLM videos lol
 Walmart manager was just paged again lets see how long this takes now bc i am reaching unreal levels of salt
Put cash back in your wallet. Earn free giftcards for Amazon, Walmart, and more. 
 lafuegolakers D'Angelo is just a Walmart version of Dame TBH
 KarenSimpson7 Thank you for providing the store location. Please tweet  WalmartCanada so they can be notified of this. -Zoe
New idea, from now on no more twitter fights. If you have beef with someone meet at Walmart and fight
I really live 2 blocks away from a Walmart now aye
Thank you for summing up my day Walmart. Giant beanbag poop emoji chair. Made in China, filled in the US. How appra… 
You haven't lived until you guzzle 4 tall boys in a WalMart bathroom
fuq Walmart!
 Walmart Does Walmart still Price/Ad match?
man i love how walmart has free wifi
 acupofcxnnor I just called and they are okay! 💕 they were just at Walmart picking up some stuff. Thank you so much
Camellia Brand Beans, Peas or Lentils, ONLY  0.98 at Walmart! via  po_st
I really just made a fool of myself in Walmart 😂🤦🏽‍♀️
 TheRealLuq I believe only apple honestly you can try target Walmart etc
I literally made my mom go to the new Walmart just bc me and alo wanna go 🤦🏻‍♀️😂
 Walmart all of this because my class ring tarnished when it shouldnt have and turned my finger dark green 
myAppliances->The kitchen is so real for Unicorn Theatre play that the actors have a safe…… 
 Walmart Bad experience Walmart N'hood Mkt WR GA. No one attending self checkout. Waited 6-7 minutes for ID check. No apology for waiting. 😡
 mybabeisdemi  JacobWhitesides HOLD UP LET ME GO TO WALMART TO BROADCAST THIS
Where did they get that much from? Staples? OfficeMax? Walmart? 
Omw to Walmart , I can't wait to get back to my room to make my tuna fish 😋
Moneymaking Shopping Trip at Walmart! 
 JoaquinCastrotx  KatCapps just wait till the WalMart voter goes and sees their weekly visit cost double.
 WalmartGiving Do I get an invitation code from the local walmart store to apply for a community grant?
When  JacobWhitesides was on an iPad at Walmart I had to play it 😻 
 Walmart slow employee came trudging in taking her sweet ass time and now management has been called who knows how long thats gonna take 😑
I'm dying my god work is KILLIN me right now. I. i just want to get the stuff done and I am getting the run around by walmart
 Walmart also contacted people thru your Facebook page and got the following..... 
 PatriotByGod Excited to hear hes talking to Walmart about producing in the US. Its time Americans and America and treated the same
Thank you to the Northpointe Walmart who gives us donations on a regular basis!  donate 
 prettyboy_felix Jack buckled up "off the Walmart!"
tfw walmart sells underworks products 
everybody could smd at walmart 🖕🏾
I liked a  YouTube video from  stellaraee VEGAN GROCERY SHOPPING AT WALMART
Did Walmart just gip me out of  135?
Yeah, they did.
Quick & easy trip to Walmart for 2 items. Ended up with a bday card, empty box, & 30 min waiting in line at customer service. 😬🔫  purgatory
in case anyone is having a bad day, walmart sells chocolate chip cookies in the bakery- 52 for  5!!! go get ya some :-))
 realDonaldTrump it might just take more than one day fella, don't forget to place your online fence panel order wi… 
 TrillPyrvmids  Shonnies_world looks like a walmart shopper!
If I can get my phone to 50% before we get to Walmart I'll be happy
I went to Walmart last night after work and was just walking down… 
 joecinnante  BNBuzz nah, I did some research and Walmart has them for  2.75
 Walmart update: after 15 min someone was paged but it's been almost five minutes and no one
I feel if I hang out at Walmart long enough, I can find a racist to beat up
People of Walmart lied to me and said my photos were printed. I just want my wallet sized nudes man 😭
how does Walmart not have notebooks
*blasts  uicideboy  in walmart plaza*
I wish Walmart delivered
As we camp out on this site to catch these free tickets to Walmart  5
Walmart Is A Magical Place! LMAO!  ~
...17 FABULOUS Sexy Beasts! 😎

 Walmart help walmart.com
. Walmart  MoEcoDevo  IBEW yesterday filed testimony in support of the Grain Belt Express Clean Line - 
 Walmart comin through in the clutch 🙌🏻 
confused on why walmart is playing Duelo
 WinnBrandi girl Walmart never closes😂😂😂😂
 supercauldron find maya at the walmart investing in ear plugs
The neighborhood Walmart boy is sooo cute (if u know, u know)
I bought the entirety of Dragon Ball GT 4 years ago at a Walmart.

I went to that same Walmart today and the entire series is still in stock
 Ximena_Bustillo I DROVE TO WALMART AT 10:30 AT NIGHT.
S/o to Jabal for coming through and helping us deal with annoying Walmart employees who didn't want to exchange our microwave lol
Some lady at Walmart acting like a red neck like I won't cash her outside 😂
When you're in Walmart and all of a sudden you hear "Aw Naw" by  ChrisYoungMusic on the loudspeaker!!! That's awesome!!!
Can you help? Do u guys have recent Walmart receipt(s) u can message me a picture of (or just message me   & date😀… 
Jacob the small purple moose from Walmart,
I could get on hulu, but I'm just gonna go in Walmart I guess. 
Watch my latest video to see how to get  FREE  giftcards for every day  driving!  amazon  nike  regal  walmart  target  gamestop  dominoes
 EtikaWNetwork dude go preorder at Walmart
 DomSherwood1  I found your twin at Walmart his name is Kalem  shadowhunters 
 Shrinkie_Dink We're sorry to hear that it didn't go through. Could you tell us which email address you were trying to send it to? -Zoe
Y'all,  Walmart grocery pickup is the best thing ever! Picking up my groceries without leaving the car was magical.  lifechanging
Walmart knew exactly what they were doing here.
Let's turn up the heat on Walmart!! - Support this fundraiser! via  CdnChange
 FAIRImmigration  krgv yes but is Walmart going to stop selling blm trash on the internet
The Pioneer Woman Timeless Floral Ruffle Top Baker Set, 2-Piece  13.72 
Trips at Walmart never cease to amaze me
 JuliQose  dominikkkaa1 walmart parking lot
New  POTUS is a lot like Walmart... He's gonna ROLL BoeingCK our motherfuckin rights by 100s of years 👌💔
 Walmart I believe it was yesterday or the day before. But I got in touch today and they refunded but I have to wai… 
hey its warren i raping at walmart and after i pooping died but it just a joke
Shout out to  Walmart for playing the Hamilton Mixtape on walmart radio today. Finally some good music.  HamiltonMixtape   walmartradio
KG is such a good caretaker of me. We go to Walmart and before we leave she says "do you need beer?" Such a good mom 💕🍻
Somebody come sit at Walmart with me for my last 2 hours
Yes ladies the rumors are true I'm striving to be the next Mary Kate and Ashley for Walmart
Working at walmart has made me hate all types of races. Especially mexicans.
I gotta go to Walmart && I really don't want tooooo 😫
does anyone ever work in jewelry at  Walmart srsly 
 Trump Day 3: Ordered 1,000 miles of Wall from Walmart.  Paid cash to save on tax (because I'm smart)  MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I just saw the hottest guy I have ever seen at Walmart. WALMART.
Going to Walmart is always an adventure bc the people there are so damn weird 😂😂
An elderly ass man told me, "this is the second time I've seen you on your knees here at Walmart" when I was stocking 😭😤😖
everytime I go to Walmart I say hey to the Walmart greeter and they always ignore me...
like
The job literally has one task...
Walmart selling cars 😅 I'm done
Attn: there's college ruled composition notebooks at PC Walmart!!! It took me forever to find them ☹️️😅
i mean i do like teddy bears *cough cough* they're at walmart *cough*. valentine's day is slowly approaching *cough cough*.
 KybrinSheridan We can't say that we didn't try! Thanks for shopping with us! Have a fantastic day. -Zoe
 masseffect  gonna pre order on walmart . Com when i have money amd im gonna buy a t shirt from the bioware  store… 
Jacob and I just went to Walmart for the first time in years and I literally hate myself it is a dumpster
Just got lost trying to get to Walmart without GPS! Haha! Forgot to turn on Rabbittaille or whatever. But my memory is good!
 Walmart yes restock your glue
 KailLowry  stop it with the we pay your bills crap, you don't pay that's like saying you pay the cashiers bills at Walmart you shop at
New Arrival:
Meet Flora~ Approx 5 years old, Miniature Schnauzer, 16 lbs.
Found in Walmart parking lot in Heath.... 
saw this old wit some nice ass legs at walmart
Walmart cashier thought my ID was fake and wasn't about to let me buy wine. Bish I worked hard to live all the way to 21!!! Leave me alone
I liked a  YouTube video THAT TIME WE WENT TO WALMART IN MEMPHIS TO STEAL SHIT BEFORE WE MET UP WITH TA TO
 SteveForbesCEO If we start making gasoline here, and Walmart starts selling  MadeInUSA then prices won't go up because if border tax.
So Bluffton now has a Walmart & a Sam's Club side by side & right near Target... Sorry, but  Target is still my No. 1.
In walmart with plats on my head 😭😭 Idc I'm in peatland idk nobody
Apparently, when the cashier at Walmart asks if you would like cash back, "Cash me ousside howbow dah" isn't a socially acceptable response.
 MarceFaulkner It sounds like you're having a fabulous day! Let us know what goodies you find when you stop by our store. -Zoe
My momma thought I was bout to go to the Walmart on wheat land 😂😂😂 Straight came back to my side and went to the neighborhood Walmart
Dreading that Walmart line. But apprently no one else sells workout gloves. Lucky me
MountainKing Potatoes will have King Rustics back in Walmart stores very soon!  These russets have that... 
Vendors skeptical as Walmart changes sourcing roles see more 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in West Bend, WI 
Y'all looking for greeters?  Walmart.  Needajob
HDTVs at Walmart from  80 + free shipping 
 Walmart Will I be able to exchange it with no receipt?
Even Walmart sells bomber jackets now smh
 Beltway_lnsider  Jeff257  04RKC part time Walmart cashier.
At Walmart, getting ingredients to try this Haitian rice & beans again
 LovedWescott we need to show this to a certain Walmart associate... 
In the market to buy a car? Soon you can at Walmart! Dallas among first cities for new car-buying program… 
 Connor_M_Kelley Oh no! We're sorry to see that it's missing. Please bring it back in so we can exchange it. -Zoe
Next to the interstate and across from walmart --  WelcomeToBoerne. 
My local Walmart has about 15 duel decks for MTG with the 16 dollar Nessa card in it. Guess who just bought them all :)
our mall really didnt need to get rid of the walmart to put in a dicks sporting goods its Really Didnt
Bought all my work clothes off of Amazon. Can't tell if I saved money or not but at least they had em in stock unlike walmart stores.
This needs to be my last walmart trip till after all hearts and fluff are gone 🙄
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA w/  djcyberlegend 
 Connor_M_Kelley  Walmart  EA  Battlefield soooo crazy
 fujikane she's like "where r u located" and I say by Walmart 1000x and she's like "sorry can I speak to someone that speaks English" WAT?!
the Walmart version is coming 
Wow the Guys at the electronics counter at Quincy WV  Walmart are sure carrying on this evening.
 wfaachannel8 Not a smart idea... Considering 99.99% of Walmart merchandise comes from China
 Prettylow_ thanks for entertaining me while I'm at Walmart!
The fact that I have to come tomorrow when Walmart people coming to visit 🙄
I bought a wholeeeee bunch of candy frm Walmart😩
I bet the Walmart closing look like Burlington coat factory the day before school starts😂😂 Petty
 afnanktahir We're delighted to be your go-to store! Thanks for being a loyal customer and fan of Walmart. -Zoe
More news on the Walmart corporate refresh...  ConsumerTech 
Going to walmart and im trying to hold on
 NBoeing  warriors  hornets  ESPNNBoeing don't you mean the Walmart version of D'Angelo Russell
If a WalMart could vomit
 Walmart: 3 Keys to Successful  SupplyChain Management any Business Can Follow 
LMFAOOOOOO "you was there for stealing from walmart"😭💀💀💀 
At checkout in walmart and the lady in front of me whips out a stack of coupons and says sorry 😂 fml
I wish Walmart stop playing with my damn W-2🙄🤦🏾‍♀️
yikes the cashier at Walmart calling  me rich was the highlight of my day😂
 sleepyffox chanel vs walmart 
 eddieballin_  Walmart  EA  Battlefield that's my plan. Just insane. How does that even happen...
 jessica29108 We apologize for the lost order. On what date did you first contact our Help Desk at the link we provided above? -Zoe
i took off my walmart vest in my work and i have my thrasher shirt on and some kid walks past me and goes "do you even skate?" IM DEAD
 Connor_M_Kelley  Walmart  EA  Battlefield just go back to the same walmart wth your credit card statement
‼️‼️..BOYCOTT WALMART..‼️‼️

until they discontinue the sale of "Fall Out Boy" music I bought a fall out boy cd from them and now i am gay
What? Unaccompanied alien minors are what runs around a Walmart when its open!🇺🇸 
 eddieballin_  Walmart  EA  Battlefield I'm livid. Threw away my receipt too. 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
 walmart in Austin charges 10 cents if you want a bag. 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Estero, FL 
Walmart sorry butt better hurry up and send my damn W2...
Passing by  Walmart almost every day is a must for me.. How addicted i'm..😃 best place to find whatever you look for.. Thanks  Walmart
 JohnTory  Revival_629 Sure beats a  Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Orlando, FL 
A new prototype Walmart Neighborhood Market opened today in Sarasota at the corner of Clark Road and Honore. 
THANKS WALMART ALL CHILE WE LOVE YOU..MENOS AL PASCUERO...
I'm bouta fight everybody in Walmart
 DaysOfTrump next... Walmart sweat factories for you to work at. Your welcome.
I'd rather shoot myself than be at Walmart right now, but sadly my mother would follow me to hell to nag for not going for her🙄
Every time I come to Walmart I stop by the pet aisle and debate on buying my cat's new things.
Just opened my brand new sealed Battlefield 1 game from  Walmart to find this. A black plastic disc. Awesome.  EA… 
Shoutout to Cliff at Walmart for hitting on me even when I said no ☺️
Aside from volume, is this radically different than warehouse clubs' programs? People still want to kick the tires. 
"At Walmart, we strongly believe in giving back and are proud to support organizations that improve communities... 
View the City of Hattiesburg's Facebook page to meet the Walmart mgt. team vowing to help Hattiesburg/Petal tornado… 
I'm at Walmart Novo Hamburgo 
Walmart Be like "okay your total is  89.79" 
I'm literally walking distance from Walmart and sweet frog with transportation but I don't want to get up 🙄
 Walmart needs to cut it out 
On our way home! We may stop at  Walmart first. Ghostbusters stuff is on clearance!!!!  TheAdventuresofHoltzmann 
 totesbmh this board is sold exclusively at Walmart. Hopefully you can find one!
Just witnessed an elderly man walk into Walmart, only buy flowers, and then surprised an elderly lady sitting in the car 😭❤ my heart
These People Should Be BoeingNNED from Walmart!! 
Just got carded at Walmart, buying these.   The world is a mess. 
. Xcdrt  kpisniki  eayyfish  WideAwake35  NotHappyJann  AwesomeIva  _PCPepe: U can't accept I employ people, u a Walmart greeter  8hr LOL
im just tryna figure out how im functioning in walmart after drinking two cups of amsterdam 🙃
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist How to Beat a Walmart Security Tag
The spinning things that walmart uses to bag groceries are evil. if youre not diligent, you will leave a bag in there on accident
I paid in dimes and pennies at Walmart. If that isn't college I don't know what is.
 pink_sprnva  ICEgov Walmart hires illegals all the time, they don't speak english at all.
 cwgabriel  RyanHartmanWins It'll be like you're at Walmart.
 dgrgirl Walmart?
 Walmart probably not 🤔
Walmart: FREE Almay Pads–Just Print Coupon  coupon
actual photos of walmart parking lot yesterday vs   8:00 am vs. today 
 paulinmg "Lucy Walmart" xD
Exciting news today with our  Asda partners: Asda launches Walmart Exchange ad platform in the UK via  campaignmag
Walmart, 1am. Thanks stormie 
 Bulletproof,  Paleo, and  Keto lovers alike can rejoice in knowing they can find  grassfed  beef at  walmart. 
 DeeNiceSocrates  Walmart  zrh_airport if you don't like replies to your comments, perhaps this is the wrong media for you. Take care.
Walmart Grocery Coupons:  10 off purchase of  50 or more  coupon  grocery.walmart
 sheckyyoungman  TrumpCamp4u  holymoze nah he's eating the Walmart chicken tendies
im in Walmart now looking at these big ass bears like "i hate Valentine's Day" 
In the market to buy a car? Soon you can at  Walmart!  Dallas among first cities for new car-buying program… 
 skyfullofbacon  Walmart UPDATE: Info sent to support team as requested
When Your Kids Say Daddy Let's Go Have Some Fun In Walmart  OffDays Making Anything Fun for them 
Walmart is fucking crazy man
Bad customer service!!  Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video RE: How to Beat a Walmart Security Tag
 jessraeclegg Delivery of items outside the US is limited. Fill out the Customer Care form here: for more info. -Rad
Luv seeing hot Butler boys in Walmart
 Walmart I was advised by a CS rep to email pics of a damaged item but the email comes back undeliverable.Could you provide a correct email?
Lacy Chocolate Pretzels and Berries make a great Valentine's Day treat  ad  ... by  TheTypical_Mom via  c0nvey
 Walmart when can I expect the Zelda breath of the wild special edition to be back in stock for pre order? I've literally checked everyday
 asia_mae_ You didn't hear...they are about to break ground on 1 for 26 by the new walmart...
I liked a  YouTube video STEALING NEW WWE 3PKS FROM WALMART! WWE ELITE 2PKS AT TARGET! INSANE WWE TOY
New Walmart distribution center to bring thousands of jobs to Yucatan 
PSA: The Bee Movie is in the  5 movie bin at Walmart
Please go cage-free in Mexico  Walmart! Both people and chickens suffer due to battery cages,  neilashe.  Walmart… 
Woman Mocked for Falling Out of Cart at Walmart Speaks Out About Becoming a Meme 
 Kenzygraciesma It would look fantastic with any home decor! -Zoe
Looks like we can really find anything at Walmart! 
Just found this in Walmart with  xxzcuzxemily 
Walmart and Ford Help Car Buyers Steer Clear of Dealerships 
 BellLetsTalk anyone feeling they need to talk to someone  PattyAnnShea  IS THE BOMB. You can find her at SP or Walmart on the reg 💁🏼
Target workers play more than Walmart workers I swear
 Ledabearxox bought a special someone in my life a purple unicorn at the Walmart just the other day🦄🦄🦄🦄
I really don't want to go into Walmart
I hope the walmart up the road from me appreciated me squashing a gigantic tree roach scuttling about the yarn department this morning
The LEGO Batman Movie 2-in-1 Super Pack (66546) Now Available in Walmart Stores...  legofan
I was just driving through Walmart parking lot with my windows down and a guy passed me and told me I look like Justin Bieber
 dmarknewman  Walmart omfg
 RedneckAMovie Three Men and A Bitch from Walmart
Don't buy  1 calculate at Walmart. Just trust me.
Can't be in thattraffic going to Walmart 😒
 k_stewart06 forgot I saw you at Walmart the other day, love. It was so nice seeing you!!
Boycotting "The Walmart" until they stop selling LaCroix! My son drank one & then he was watching Wes Anderson films & wearing corduroy
Silicon Valley Layoffs. WSJ reports   Walmart laying off 200 e-commerce workers at its California operations
Ready to get off andjust relax that's all , I want to go to Walmart but I also want watch the new edition...
i needa go to walmart but ion feel like it .
 Chauley_ since walmart doesn't have the jacked doritos i got these 
Once Upon a Time in the Walmart  RedneckAMovie  midnight
Hatchimal Hatichimals Walmart Exclusive Burtle Purple/Teal Hatching Egg New NIB  ebay  toys  hobbies
The name left off the 'craft' label: Walmart 
 Best Taylor Swift Ours  CD Rare OOP Walmart Exclusive 2 Track Single W/ Live Version 
 Walmart aww thanks! I'm hoping eventually I can save enough to buy one some day but I've been trying for over 2 years lol
I liked a  YouTube video CRAZY GUY FINDS  300.00! BUYS WWE TOYS WITH STOLEN MONEY AT WALMART!!
Like when the Walmart opened on florin 🙄🙄
Literally On my way to Walmart just for nails and a toothbrush 😂😂 
My daily attire has become one of a walmart shopper
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter Liquor Store with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Why is everyone at Walmart right now 🙄
 TalentEvaluator  KarenKeyLargo I'm not Walmart. I just don't share everything I know on a public website.  Levi will sign with fsu.
Future of retail? Look inside the new, high-tech Lake Nona Walmart Supercenter via  OBJUpdate  CRE  Retail
This book is at Walmart for anyone who thinks Trump is going to murder you. 
i was sitting in Walmart parking lot & a lady knocks on my window & tells me my trunks open. nope just got rear ended 2 years ago but thx 🙃😂
phone got ruined sigh heading to walmart to use my warranty
Conquering new territory: Walmart moves beyond the shelves to car sales. 
The power went out in Walmart and this place went from hell to hell with no devil running it. Shits getting hectic here
 DaveNYviii  JackPosobiec use the Closed Walmart stores Hillary wanted.
Hmm... To me it's sounds like Chanel vs. Walmart 🐸☕ -Keri 
 anna_monette Who wouldn't want to have that  yummylicious treat? -Rad
Just got kicked out of Walmart  outlaws
Get them at ur local Walmart. Also available at Kohls free with a purchase of a Kylie lip kit  curranc17  McCourtA1 
Just saw a lady at Walmart with a cart full of acrylic paint and a bottle of wine, definitely the kind of woman I aspire to be
I liked a  YouTube video ANOTHER WALMART TOY CLEARANCE HAUL! (JAN. 2017)
legends  OfficialRunDMC still teaching  branding, 30 years since ground breaking  adidas  1m endorsement in 86… 
 suedemami Walmart watermelon part one 😂
anyways i'm heading off to walmart to get some peroxide because i'm paranoid about these fucking metal shards getting infected
something is going on at Walmart in Pico 🤔
 DontrellChillis they ain't modifying nothing. They're gonna go get them plastic ones from Walmart and resell them
At Walmart about to get my tv for my bomb ass head game lol 😜
FUCK LIT FIREWORKS IN WALMART
How tf did I spend  40 at Walmart & only got water & toilet tissue
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
 abdashsoul just left Best Buy in search of a hard copy of  DWTW .. can't find it anywhere.. Walmart target etc. how do I get it???
I go to Walmart like every day on the weeks I'm with my mom bc she can't remember everything she needs🙃
 tanner_juicebox I get my groceries at Walmart. My son sleeps with a porcelain dog I found at CVS
clomid success rate - clomid generic - clomid for sale at walmart 
 RichardBSpencer  DarkTriadMan  jackmurphylive  TheHatcherist so this guy identifies as  altright yikes boys 

myAppliances->Restaurant News: California Pizza Kitchen, The Dub Shack, Island Coffee…… 
 Job Alert:  Bentonville  Jobs Quality Assurance Systems Analyst - Walmart -… For More Jobs >>> Please Go2 Our Page!
marcel t. of Borger, TX  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
100 seagulls at the Walmart. Birds chirping this morning .60 + degrees. Did we skip Winter ?
Every time I go to Walmart looking homeless I see people I know 🙄
 Dhbforty oooh I found a cheap brand I really liked from walmart they were quality bags but I cant remember what they were smh
Walmart has giant stuffies for Valentine's Day omg 😍
This bitch is finally getting pizza not from walmart
 nytimes Hispanics in California voted legally and illegally for Hillary. Easier in California to vote than shop in Walmart.
 keginhoughton i'm not 100% sure but walmart didn't have power, so i'm assuming yes
Don't forget your pets this Valentine's Day  Pawsinlove  Win  20 Walmart or Paypal Enter daily! WW  1/30 
 amlivemon it went on forever but when it broke we had a decade long bear where all 50 but Walmart performed worse over 10yrs than a 1mth CD
My life saver this winter: Vaseline® Intensive Care™ Essential Healing Lotion!!   AD 
Compton Walmart grand opening today ohhhhh lord I'm praying lol 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
 TomthunkitsMind And of course that was spotted in a Walmart lot.
I liked a  YouTube video from  zomb_niki Unboxing Walmart Beauty Box- Winter Box
RESIDENTS SHOCKED LOCAL WALMART TRANSFORMING INTO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT SHELTER 
Told mason I wouldn't ever buy him candy because I didn't want him to have cavities .. needless to say walked out of Walmart with candy 🙄
 AJleefan4life  ConnorJA_ I think they might be Walmart exclusive
Really want one of those big stuffed animals from Walmart for V-day.
Channel vs. Walmart 
+reality it's just gonna be a walmart version show with knock off characters..america ruining everything gtg
 MushKat You will be like people of walmart, lol
 Walmart plus no diapers for my daughter very upset!
I got a mouse, cheapie Walmart kind. Not going to be easy to get used after over two years of abstinence post carpal tunnel surgery :(
At Walmart all I bought was bleach and chicken breasts so I say to the cashier "it makes a good marinade" n she didn't laugh but I did
Free Zantac Duo Fusion at Walmart  freebies
 Callasin Did you talk to the Customer Service Manager about it? -Rad
 Walmart news so not to just have bad they can process a new order or refund my money!? Really now I have to wait days for a refund con
Proof that I showed up at hot Walmart and brought the pugs (thx u  lana_craig_ for editing this) 
Walmart run after class.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist People Of Walmart Pt 7
Fans of  leafyishere attack  idubbbz at a walmart!
Walmart is the mini mall. I lose my mind in there everytime
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter via  realalexjones Walmart, closed many
i'm going to walmart do you want anything
 Walmart I got in touch with a representative because my order wasn't shipped. They tel me it was lost during shipment. And for some contin
😂😂😂Funny😂
I finished my chores needed to go to Walmart forgot my truck door open when I ran into house to get keys.… 
Look at that Walmart  stealing the market once again! The wealthy will become wealthier, "survival of the fittest"… 
Walmart lol 
Walmart Strikes Yet Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
 Gold Online at  itunesmusic bestbuy  target  walmart 
----------
 album  hiphop  rap  payday… 
I hope I can get VTO tonight so I can run to Walmart for cash before they close 😱😱
Even Picky cats love Meow Mix Bistro Recipes! Head to Walmart now & start spoiling your furry babies!… 
 Retweet  BabyFood  Gerber 3rd Foods Organic Pears Mangoes and Avocado 
 FoxNews  POTUS And I guess US retailers are just gonna eat those tariffs. Or... there's gonna be a lot more ATM's at Walmart.  🤔
Look inside the new, high-tech Lake Nona Walmart Supercenter 
Pulled this gem out of a Topps Archives box from Walmart today 9/25.  AutoJohnnyBench  Reds  toppscards… 
I'm at Walmart -  mundowalmart in Londrina, PR 
Really Big  BigData At  Walmart:  Real-Time Insights From Their 40+ Petabyte Data Cloud - Forbes 
See just called me from Walmart to inform me that S4 of Sherlock is already available. How the fuck is that possible 😳
 1000images Coolness! Hope you enjoy your new purchase. -Rad
 syconot they sell that one at Walmart too. I'll get that one next time. Thanks bro 👍🏼✨
Look inside the new, high-tech Lake Nona Walmart Supercenter via  OBJUpdate
I couldn't find any  weetabix 😕 
Apparently Wednesday at 3pm is the prime time to go to Walmart
its funny bc kb is the walmart version of the weeknd 
Lmfao they were playing No one at walmart and some old lady caught me singing along and she started crackin up
Charlottesville is such a driver town once you go past a certain point like wtf why is target and Walmart so far away.
My sisters walking around Walmart shouting gang gang throwing up her hands 😂 she's 2 LMAOO
Analysis: Walmart should focus on its customers to succeed, not try to copy Amazon 
Facing Stiff Competition From Amazon And Walmart, Target Hires New CMO To Spark Brand Loyalty… 
Really Big Data At Walmart: Real-Time Insights From Their 40+ Petabyte Data Cloud via  forbes 
Interviewer: Do you have any special skills?
Me: Buying an unnecessarily large amount of food at Walmart with a budget of under  10.00.
 Tyusbrown15 I'm pretty sure we got them at Walmart
 HermanForReal my mom thought I said fart but I said font and she said it out loud in Walmart
Its cold rainy windy theres kids everywhere and im going to walmart now 
*bff da candace cameron walmart 
wow look walmart sells tøp merch now i love it 
Jackie's car is still missing though. One man & two women were caught on surveillance video at the Walmart where it… 
OF COURSE I GET ALL THE WAY TO WALMART AND LEFT MY MONEY AT HOME
 DrkwingDuck yea Walmart was the 1st place I went.  Lol maybe they were out
Anyone remember when Sam Walton was so proud to hang flags and Made In America banners in the Walmart stores?? They… 
Walmart will start selling cars in select stores 
Brah if you ever in Walmart and u fuck with me go to the bakery and grab these for ya boy !!! 
Tg for Walmart pay . 😂
 washingtonpost Walmart is creating 10,000 jobs. Add Walmarts, Google infused, MallType Construction. Big Companies. Hispanics at Work.
 shihtzu_studios yes but remember that walmart could pull their games off it's shelf is digital is all around cheaper.
Walmart would be such a shitty place to work man I don't understand how people actually fill out applications to work here
 50 walmart gift card 
I've just posted a new blog: walmart gift card expiration 
 HeyltsDemi  That was stupid ! Get Help little girl, think Walmart has some Playdoo left.  Sleepy are you take a nap!
 CARandDRIVER Walmart is a perfect place to buy a Ford!
 loustejskal Thanks! We hope this issue gets resolved soon. -Rad
Why is it everytime I go to Walmart with my friends we get cat called by guys in trucks
 inmatemd and if it was any cheaper to ship to those ports, I’m sure  Walmart would already be doing so.
 washingtonpost Walmart is creating 10,000 newJobs. Why not implement Walmarts, Trump Plazas, Mall type Construction. Google infused.
i DISGUST GET  walmart
Highlight of my day: going to Walmart with RJ 😆
RESIDENTS SHOCKED LOCAL WALMART TRANSFORMING INTO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT SHELTER: 
 FileSEE28 2017 walmart set to hire 10,000 
2016 walmart layed off 23,000
 cptpoland  daveszweduik oddly enough when i looked into it, there is a local meijer store (like walmart) that has a lab that is renowned.
Trump is the kind of asshole who would enter through the exit instead of the entrance door at Walmart.
 TomthunkitsMind Oh lookie - at WALMART no less!
Wondering why  FOXLA thought a new Walmart story was more important than so many other  LA or  US  news stories?!?!  IsThisForReal  TVNews
If I need help with setting my blog up I can just ask walmart-service or target-service. Those are subcategories of the brandom
 southwest_alief selling yo shit outside of Walmart. I respect the hustle, but why would I waste my money. Give me that shit for free.
Walmart got the thot coworkers so it's Walmart > target
 AveryWendel not have to drive back to Walmart after I already made it home.....
Casselberry Walmart successfully found a way to make their building a street block long! But will still only have one register open! 😐
 _BaDunCHING_ Walmart sells it apparently if you have a Walmart near you
Retweeted Alex Jones ( RealAlexJones):

Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant... 
So of course a Black-owned small business' bottle of shampoo is going to cost more than the fucking Walmart brand.
1st Walmart Neighborhood Market opens in  Knoxville  WATE 
 time__bomb Walmart with the Easter stuff!
Update: 
America has always been a dumpster fire. 
This year, it just got moved from the back of Walmart to the parking lot for all to see.
Here it is 4:09 & I still have on these heels in Walmart 😭😐
Got some great clearance deals at Walmart today 
 fatisonnomnom We hope you'll give us the chance to correct this, and satisfy you as a customer. You deserve good value for your money. -Rad
Walmart Beauty Box Winter 2017 
Went to Walmart for toilet paper, left with this...  dadlife  justtheessentials  walmartrun… 
You Wont Believe This Walmart Surveillance Camera Footage 
awesome shade. will be buying the full size- only  11 at walmart! 
20 Most Ridiculous Things You Will See at Walmart 
I'm at Walmart and there is a guy here who has a service dog and it's a pug and it's so cute im dying. I LOVE PUGS
Snagged the Anakin and Ahsoka Disney Infinity two pack for  6 at So excited! I will now have all DI Skywalkers!!
Xbox One for 150 at Walmart. Worth it?
 LightNyFiree_ Walmart...😊🤔
Courtesy post....

Birdie was abandoned in a Walmart parking lot in North Carolina.  He's thought to be a Lemon... 
 jofuqkinann Walmart in dallas 🙄😫
Bout a lot of stuff from Walmart snacks for the weekend
1 of my many haters fake pages love it tho!!! walmart does anyone kno where theres a walmart… 
 KybrinSheridan Are you invited? Can we come? -Rad
 dpalm66 The same folks that complain about free trade deals will be complaining when iPhone prices double or Walmart stops being cheap
Will people on riding shopping carts ever learn not to block an entire aisle by riding next to each other?  Move  Walmart  getoutoftheway
Water alkalinity test done on camera. Walmart Starbucks and Dasani were the most acidic. 
 _brooke_xoxo_ I found jesus at walmart ???? Billy Graham?
. walmart's digital team shakeup continues in the wake of last year’s  3.3 billion acquisition of  Jet

Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter  MAGA 
Stolen vehicle report at Walmart on 60th St. N. Caller said she parked her vehicle there two weeks ago and now she can't find it.
Eavesdropping on old ladies in the produce section at  Walmart is the best
go get some shit at Walmart
Lol: Chick Tells The Story Of How She Gave Some Disrespectful Guys The Shock Of Their Lives At Walmart! 
Painted Horses back in stock at  horsemovies  familyfilms What do you think? 
 CHRISALLEN3285 Yes, it can be! To learn more, click the "Shipping Options" and put in your zip code. -Rad
 branson_22 she must've liked it before you told her walmart so what difference did it make where it came from? People amuse me.
 DeeNiceSocrates  Walmart and it's not presumably, I do live in  Zurich. You should visit.  zrh_airport 
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart I would love a gift card...thanks for the opportunity   WalmartWednesday  win
 jleal115 IM GOING TO WALMART ✌✌
Trump is more worried about building a fucking wall rather than dealing with problems like people being able to buy guns at Walmart nice
Walmart Weekly Flyer Roundup: Cashmere Double Roll 24-Pack Bathroom Tissue  8.93, Tiger 5.5 Cup Electric Rice Cooke… 
Sitting in my best friends car in a Walmart parking lot and just talking>>>>>>>
Always the friendliest faces at Portsmouth Walmart 😑
 Walmart answer your question I clicked no and it wanted me to got thru the same steps. Thanks anyway.
This guy is playing on his guitar outside of Walmart & im seriously gonna tip him just for playing the Smiths
 Walmart so y'all still funding ALEC?
. Walmart My business purchased a  250 gift card for a customer. They activated this morning with a balance of  5. How do we correct this?
 Walmart TOY CLEARANCE DEALS!💸  walmart  clearance  toys  deals
Wanna confuse  Walmart? Exchange a propane cylinder.
another reason to love walmart.. 
WHY IS THE DOD RUNNING GROCERY STORES IN THE USA??????? CANT KROGER OR WALMART DO A BETTER JOB?
 Walmart yea I did contact the online support already. It gave me links to why hasn't my package shipped. General help. The said did this..
Apparently Walmart is cleaning house n offering severance packages to all the black ppl who hold positions of power in the company
I live at Walmart 😂
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter » Alex Jones' Infowars: There's a war... 
Walmart will start selling cars in select stores 
Every time I go to Walmart I forget fudge pops 😑
 CapitalOne360 please lift the hold so I can get some cash. My last transaction was at Walmart marketplace
RESIDENTS SHOCKED LOCAL WALMART TRANSFORMING INTO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT SHELTER 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist WALMART GROCERY PICKUP HAUL | JANUARY 21, 2017
 iraybon I think he actually wrote a book like this? The Walmart Effect? About a serial killer in Chicago during the World Fair?
 Walmart  greendotbank y'all scammed me out of 1800  pieces of shit.
I know it’s easy to spoil our cats Walmart is the place to go. The bistro-inspired food will keep your cat happy  Ad 
 syconot this is what I get from Walmart 
Major retailers like Walmart would have enjoyed the reduction of import tariffs under the TPP:… 
Might as well burn these composition notebooks, colorful on the outside but WIDE ruled on the inside. Explains why Walmart did 5 for  0.50
Me: I'm rich enough to shop at  RousesMarkets now
Me to Me: I am?
Me: Well not really, just occasionally
Me to Me: Yeah.  Walmart
My Walmart order is supposed to get here tomorrow but it hasn't shipped yet. Oh ok.
when alisha gets free water bottles from walmart 😂
 madmoney_malo walmart brand thin mints are 💯
Pull out game so strong when I walk in Walmart the Huggies start mean mugging 💯👌🏾🙅🏽👶🏼
There's always way too much going on in Walmart. I get so overwhelmed. Like give me a Target.
 feetaye what!! I've never seen those before! I'm about to have to make a trip out to Walmart 😛
Anyone tryna make some g taking me to Walmart ? 😩
BREAKING:

RESIDENTS SHOCKED LOCAL WALMART TRANSFORMING INTO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT SHELTER

Citizens worried needs of... 
Host Lt Randy Sutton - Walmart Fires Police Officer For Being Police Offi  onair  talkradio
Walmart, CarSaver Partner To Sell Cars From April 1: Report.. Related Articles: 
 jessconte  GabrielConte found this at walmart 😊 
 danisnotonfire  AmazingPhil he looks like this guy I saw in Walmart
Walmart Worker Turns In  350 He Found In Parking Lot--His Good Deed Ends Up Costing Him His Job..

. walmart in  cityofhewitt opens today: 
 Walmart WHEN THE FUCK DID YALL STOP SELLIN DU RAGS?!
 Kenzygraciesma We will keep our  FingersCrossed for you! You'll just never know. -Rad
Check out 2011 Topps Update Walmart Blue SP Eric Hosmer RC Rookie Debut Kansas City Royals  via  eBay
not in walmart 😭 
 jimmyfallon I used to tell my son that Walmart was closed. We live in Nevada, nothing is ever closed.  24hourtown
 gatewaypundit  POTUS 3 yrs ago, Illegal stabbed woman to death in Walmart lot, just before Christmas. North of my town.
Gas at the walmart station on greenbelt is  2.07 just in case you need a fill up and you aint tryin to pay almost  3 👍🏼
 Walmart Madison Blvd Madison,AL. I did not. Just left as fast as I could.
Shoplifter pulls gun on Greensboro NC Walmart security 

 Security
sitting in this walmart gas station parking lot crying...i miss the past
It's sad that the only place that can balance my tire is Walmart
I just witnessed one lady hissing at another in the Walmart self check-out 😂 tf woman
 Walmart Revamps  Digital Leadership Structure  HFNmag  KantarRetail analyst  LauraWK_KR comments 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
Wall power rankings:

Wall-E
Great Wall of China
Pink Floyd's "The Wall"
John Wall
Wonderwall
Walmart
Wall Street
Border wall
enjoy this pic of my mom taking theo to walmart 
Just spent  200 at a two-story Walmart
Wanna buy some cheap Walmart shoes and some fabric paint and fabric markers to draw on
just saw all the cute valentines stuff in walmart and now im depressed
Walmart Tool Pallets Just In  - 
Walmart Savings Hacks: 8 Smart Ways to Save Money on Groceries 
This doesn't get old.  InsertGroomHere spotted in the wild at barnesandnoble and  walmart in… 
Walmart. Yes.
Me too I'm going to Walmart soon as I get out of class 
 LadyKnight2010 Can you provide us w/the store location? Did you get the chance to let the Customer Serv Mgr know about your concern? -Rad
 camspost trappin in the Walmart parking lot ?!😂 
 NC30SC30  Walmart  BestBuy it's  170 on amazon.
The UCF walmart has every candle number expect for 21... cause that's the only age anyone in college celebrates... 
Nae Nae you don't not watch Poppa 😂😂😂 yo momma do while your out trynA do Walmart returns
 ChrisRGun Remember when Walmart had that yellow face mascot that popped out of signs in commercials? I had a dream I hung out with it.
mom- "do they serve hot coffee at walmart?" did she just ask me that 🙃
 ShiroJiki  TheSmithPlays  MrTLexify did you see them at Walmart?
Walmart is going to start selling cars . That's all im saying
I'm at Walmart Supercentre in Belleville, ON 
 ProudClinger  unclerichie5  EricWolfson A 70 yr old man with no experience couldn't get a job at Walmart or Kmart!
 52tobeexact1 Walmart back in my childhood town was always crowded & everybody knew each other & high schoolers hung around & smoked weed 😂
 Walmart I did until customer service reps at Walmart threw it in the trash after saying they will not refund me for a months old product
Walmart haul for my new reborn baby and gender reveal: via  YouTube
 pbroos1  surveyorX  MissiNewsRoom made a corporate decision.Inside square one, between bay and Walmart..Now considered downtownMississauga😂
 JalarryicUltra Browse our selection here: -Rad
 Chobani I'm sad. I couldn't find smores flavor at Walmart! I love Chobani yogurt.
 landonbrock21 might be impossible in a North Carolina Walmart. It's all Tar Heels, Duke, NC State. 🤢🤢🤢
Had to make a run to Walmart for more wine
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 1/25/2017 3:53:09 PM
Fuck around drive to Walmart &. Buy another one 😂
There’s something brewing in the Walmart beer aisle, but you can’t call it ‘craft’ 
 InsertGroomHere  KensingtonBooks  keeping swanky comp  BNBuzz &  Walmart in  westchester w  FarrahRochon… 
 OliverEllebye  ky6hh pls don't roast on my Walmart J's 
Can you imagine if WalMart was boycotted?Or their BofD was arrested for federal law violations? 
 DeeNiceSocrates  Walmart have you travelled a lot?
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Only at Walmart
Lmfao this nigga look like a Walmart version of lil Wayne 😂😂😂 
 News: Walmart  Winning Locals  Losing! How Wal-Mart ALWAYS finds a way to win, even when THEY… 
 Walmart all year, but I do love to refresh in the spring!
 CleanUpDowntown  Wylie_H_Dallas Grateful for having 7Eleven dwntn but where's the line where DPD becomes store security? Walmart anyone?
 rainbeauxrod You still have the receipt? -Rad
Ima be at Walmart all day fuckin around with my mama
 sykodropsdead chanel vs walmart 
Walmart General Merchandise 4 Pallet Special - 
 beautybakerie sephora & shoppers drug mart!! also Walmart sometimes x
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 1/25/2017 3:51:17 PM
Faded Glory Men's Relaxed Fit Jeans w/ 31-count Tide Detergent Pod Bundle  11.96 

Walmart has the Faded Glory Men… 
 exilerotate  Lord_Imagine doesn't receive cheese sandwich, shoots up local walmart
LOL...Walmart be on some weirdness.  First of all how you walk in on homey in the bathroom like that talking... 
Don't be Fooled by Walmart's 'Craft Beer' 
Went to Walmart on my lunch break & my break went from 1hour to 2hours
 SUP3RFRUIT FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! MAKE ME START CRYING IN WALMART PLEASE
the man in front of me at walmart smells profusely of cigarettes and pot
Trolling a Kentucky fan in Walmart made my day. :)
When a group of people from a church stop you and your roommates to come to their church and then have you pray in the middle of walmart
 cnchlw  travelling_wolf Walmart, American supermarket brand.  They bought Asda a while ago
My mom was like ik the fuck you ain't working in your 10s she gone say shit couldn't be me you better go get you some Walmart shoes😅
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into  Illegal  Immigrant  Shelter - 
 DustinCahoon84 you'll feel better about yourself. I bet you can get a job as a greeter at your local Walmart...
 itsbigtee Please call your nearest Walmart Auto Care Center directly for more info. -Rad
Baby Trend Walker ONLY  29.88 was  69.47 at Walmart!! - Learn more at 
Some random guy at Walmart literally just told me that I have the best "fuck me eyes" he's ever seen

Wtf 😂😂
 xoxomcg I have to go to Walmart 😩to get some stuff
I'm that person you see snapping someone in Walmart pushing their chin to their chest making 100 of them with no ef's given
Walmart fix then Wawa
 SNICKERS  Walmart Are these going to Europe ? (Poland Specifically)
 VickyyVicksz only one person on my snap went and she only took a picture of the damn walmart sign. I seen Univision was there tho
Tracy Morgan Ordered To Release Financial Documents To Walmart Insurers 
Walmart – always low prices, and no-nonsense packaging 
Im at the eyedoctor im at the walmart im at the walmart and eyedoctor combination
Yep, agree, PBJ is as classy as fat ladies wearing PJ in Walmart. 
Then on my way home I gotta get gas but SIKE walmart gas station is shut down
 nude teens at walmart shropshire teen lesbians 
 foodmarketing2 I asked the question in yesterday's class about Walmart's strategy of putting just a few valentines boxes on the shelf.
 DeeNiceSocrates  Walmart since half of my family are US citizens and I've visited for 30 years now, I'll take that liberty.
 Walmart The Walmart in Central, LA.
I'd like to think we're all getting smarter but lemme tell ya I went to Walmart over the holidays and we're not.
 TaylorSwift  Music Taylor Swift Ours  CD Rare OOP Walmart Exclusive 2 Track Single W/ Live Version… 
Tinder is the Walmart of internet
Currently in line at Walmart behind a 70 year old woman that's buying Doritos, duct tape, and condoms. Thats it. I have so many questions.
Our favorite Vizio TVs are on sale at Walmart right now 
 monkeyshines2017. Something nice for the needy on a cold night. A 10-pack is only  5 at Walmart. 
civil war was literally suppose to have every marvel character and that joint looked like shopping at walmart at 3am lmao
 TheAbelR  Walmart yes fat ass we're waiting
 AjQuInArEz  kimmie8264  StMichael11578  thehill and all because we get to enjoy Walmart wages. But it is a job after all.
Chanel vs. Walmart. 
Meet Me! 
January 29th 1-3pm
Walmart- Maybelline Section
16555 Von Karman Ave
Irvine, Ca 92606
 maybellinepartner
Anyone want to adventure to target and Walmart with me?
Walmart: Tone Fitness Abdominal Toning Wheel Only  8.78!! (Reg  24.99) - 
U kno ur from a redneck family when they take u to the walmart eye doctor
Walmart: Weslo Cadence G 5.9 Folding Treadmill, Only  278.39 (Value  400) & FREE SHIPPING! - 
Somebody run a real one to Walmart
Walmart has some of the most raggedy buggies.. might as well carry your shit in your hands
SpaghettiOs MicrOs Only  0.74 At Walmart! 
 FeliciaGentile Walmart is where I got mine
 MayorOfEpcot Glad to hear that we're able to lessen the less-than-awesome customer experience you had. -Rad
myAppliances->Kitchen remodeling franchise sees spacious future in Houston -…… 
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter  WorldNews 
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter


 _shanzae Literally about to go to Walmart.  😂
 AmazonHelp sorry I don't have time for that. Got same item from  walmart for same price, your loss their gain. It's a Whirlpool AP51030K
I'm just sitting in a Walmart parking lot crying
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hoover, AL 
"if I had 9 kids I'd be giving them away in front of Walmart like kittens" -history professor in a room full of Utah Mormons
 Lightning_Auto Pure Zero Silver Ice - and I literally drive to the furthest Walmart from me to get them. 😂 
Honestly fearing for my life in Walmart rn I'm seriously bout to get kidnapped
Get it together  Walmart.
I'm going to be dead before I actually make it to Walmart
shopping at walmart 
YUM!  mmschocolate have unveiled there newest flavor....WHITE CHEESECAKE! They'll be available soon only at  Walmart! -  judkiss985
I seen you guys at Walmart. Lol  gabeflowers 
 52tobeexact1 yeah Walmart is for the birds and it's cheap as fuck with horrible products
 Bathtub_Jenny 1)  Walmart 2) South Charleston, WV
Never seen Walmart so calm. Thank you God!
 MayorOfEpcot Please contact the toll free number above and we'll see what we can do to make it up to you. -Rad
They are now following up with if Walmart sends any b*itch their way they will get really loud and you don't want to mess with them.
 shadihamid We must give up our biryanis and butter chicken, and learn to like their walmart TV dinners and plastic chemical cheese.
i also went to walmart w one of my friends a while ago and we got matching like robes??
Chanel Vs. Walmart. 
In Walmart and some customers are yelling about stealing stuff. Not one employee is paying them any attention.
Who needs Walmart????? 
Then I realized it was 4 am and that I had not just been on a date to Walmart with said boyfriend
Walmart workers speak out about abusive working conditions 
 nolahoubear Sorry! In some cases, we may run out of an item while processing your purchase, thus preventing us  fulfilling your order. -Rad
 googuzzler 9. wall decor from target/walmart/etc
 escrtst  exilevifth  Walmart join em
This is crazy! Soon, you can buy your next car at Walmart. 
Can you return it? What if I lost my receipt? 😆
-Matt… 
 Ninogray60 nah mate, I've bought many pregnancy tests from there. They are 10x cheaper than at walmart and will tell you if you're preggo
 PariahVA  exilevifth   them next time..  Walmart
 _ayeehood which walmart?!! I been to two !
Came to Walmart to get milk, left with a pie crust and three packs of snack size snickers
Another great Ed. Foundation program is awarded this morning at Walmart  7156! 
 randilions gucci vs walmart
 StegerBrent for your dates take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide  . be ready B
Really need to get to Walmart 😒
Want to win a  10 Walmart Gift Card? Enter here 

 bjpv_x walmart version of ikea :DD
 exilevifth   walmart
SpaghettiOs MicrOs Only  0.74 At Walmart! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - Love SpaghetiiOs but not ... 
Salesfloor Experience Associate - Walmart Canada - Ajax, ON 
I hate Walmart. 
Want to win a  10 Walmart Gift Card? Enter here 
 ChrisKuball Glad you pointed that out! We hope you got the chance to let the Dept. Manager know about it. -Rad
girl getting fucked in walmart 
Is the Walmart on Preston 24/7?
. WalmartNewsroom: Walmart Foundation Announces  200,000 Towards Tornado Relief and Recovery 
There’s something brewing in the Walmart beer aisle, but you can’t call it ‘craft’  beermarketing
Shawty this ain't Walmart - you just can't roll back shit! 
Walmart Has Everything via 
Anybody need to go to Walmart
I spilt my coffee In Walmart 😭 I'm so sad
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart I would just love to surprise my fiance with this. He's wanted one for so long ty for the chance
Me and Chlo chlo just went to Walmart and she was so good.
Moms Flashing at Walmart! >
I narrowly escape death at our local Walmart. I am surrounded by ...... seagulls. 😎😎😎: via  YouTube

Grab the DVD!! 
Wow, I actually had enough time to grab some food after my shopping. Walmart is sooooo dead.  NowPlaying Tokio Hotel - Übers Ende der Welt.
 VinnieTortorich Greek God yogurt at Walmart?
MV DISABLED  MANSFIELD TWP: WALMART / 1885 RTE 57 HWY &  MANSFIELD COMMONS
sir u are wrong ,I live in CAL we have seen illegals register to vote at  Walmart  get past your prejudge of President D.J Trump
 PRT  CleanWater  ES319 NuWave French 1/4 Turn Water Filter Faucet 
I walking all the way from my home on Mallard Creek to Walmart in Huntersville. It takes 2 and half hours! This will be the 7th time!
Cause baby if the baby had on Spider-Man shoes and an outfit from Walmart & the parents had on expensive clothing, y'all still go talk so 😂
 DmDeShazo  What_Tee ha ha it's not Walmart but oh well thanks for that.
walmart really out here makin great value cars. i'm done.
Girl just asked me where I ordered my sweatshirt& looked at me like  crazy for saying Walmart! I'll never be "too good" for Walmart clothes
There's nothing sweeter than  puppylove. Buy this cute animal pillow and more exclusively at  Walmart… 
Walmart hires, fires, and shuffles to take  trafficgeneration  onlinetraffic  listbuilding 
Anyone else go to Walmart to feel good about themselves or am I the only one...
 swgaguy_7710  What_Tee already* and Walmart hires even the mentally impaired proud of you!
 JohnBigEasy1  Freemysyria1  ShoreyMichael  _Makada_  POTUS  snopes Another 
Walmart Pilots New Scan and Go Option To Counter Amazon Go  ecommerce
employees who are part time. I'm looking at you, Walmart. 2/2
Found these bomb lashes at the Walmart in FL but I forgot the brand ☹️
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart ~ I so want that  RECLINER chair!!   DwilightF  NicoletteChoice  WalmartWednesday  giveaway  JohnnieBowers47
 kaufman_films Excellent idea! Great way to enjoy a  relaxingnight 🎬 🍿 -Rad
 camspost you need to stop fuckin with Walmart you're too classy for that, do better 
 ad Spoil your cat with Meow Mix Bistro from Walmart! Make your cat joyful with this bistro-inspired food.… 
Lmfao why Walmart tho lmfao 
Soon  Customers will buy a gallon of milk, lettuce, car and  insurance at . Walmart . AutoNation… 
 FlowersTaylor11 Can you add bacon please
 Walmart people living in Walmarts parking lot 
 MonaKinkCurlz they got it at the Walmart too! I just checked 😂😂 I'm thirsty
 michellemalkin Diaper wetting ? Must be illegals running to WalMart buying all sizes. We do have entry ports for vetting you know. Not U.N.
I liked a  YouTube video from  realyoboypizza Possibly the Greatest Walmart 24 Hour Challenge of All Time!!
no one could go to baja w me for lunch so i got a half price meal at wendy's & then bought a dozen cupcakes at walmart.
 ShadyJacobFact funny how walmart looks so much better than chanel
I found Train to Busan at Walmart 🚂 💀 
deadass walmart 
 VickyyVicksz no way 😂😂😂 you know it's a big ass walmart but it's gonna be so dirty
Walmart twice in one day 🙃🙃🙃
We had a great time working with Walmart today at the grand opening of their latest store!

 walmart  eventprofs… 
WAC – Receive a  250.00 Walmart Gift Card after closing and funding of loan.

This hidden treasure is the perfect... 
Get cash back on walmart purchases on ebates. ebates promo code 
Share the love—make Whoopie Pies w/ the  CakeBoss Whoopie Pie Pan, available at  Walmart.com >>… 
 JokerWithABow
"If you don't buy the Walmart one, sure..."
RESIDENTS SHOCKED LOCAL WALMART TRANSFORMING INTO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT SHELTER
Citizens worried needs of Americans.... 
 Pez  StarTrek  TNG 25th Anniversary Walmart Exclusive 100,000 ed Set includes  Locutus 
Picking up Derbys prescription at Walmart shouldn't be this difficult 🙃🙃
My go-to this winter to protect my skin! Gets yours at  AD 
 LEGO from Walmart 
Shout out to the old man who found my debit card at Walmart last night and had the heart to find me on Facebook. Thank you!
Walmart gas gone??? 
End your use of cages in Mexico  Walmart! Chickens in cages have higher risks of Salmonella  marcericlore  Walmart… 
As Trump Was Being Inaugurated, Walmart Began A Round Of Corporate Layoffs. 
"Spoil your cat with Meow Mix Bistro from Walmart! The bistro-inspired food will keep your cat purring with joy  Ad"
 Walmart  RochMN South on Broadway.  Thanks for the laugh! :)
 LewTurner In the freezer at Walmart
I'm really sitting here with a attitude cause my mama didn't take me to Walmart 😭
Caramel Kitten Twerking by the Batteries Walmart 
Hey  tremendosaur,  PhantomToaster says that your limp foot looks like a stupid, tiny beaver in a Walmart parking lot.
People shooting up in the car next to me at Walmart. ☹️
Up front_ the latest news from capital city _ mercerspace. com kansas city missouri walmart Up front_ the latest news from capital city ...
The Walmart outside of town actually has the nicest employees ever. Like I don't even mind it now, I might even like it!? 😱
The people that always got something to say about babies wearing expensive clothing I ASSUME, they kids go be drenched in Walmart's finest
If men had babies, Abortion would be available at every Walmart and Starbucks. 
Quick Walmart run...Academic needs ruining my potential concert savings,ugh!
I'm going to walmart in a bit
YO DONT GO TO WALMART TACO BELL APPLEBEES OR WHATEVER RIGHT NOW BC ITS FUCKING CRAZY AND ANNOYING OVER THERE
 sullivanradio I was approached by an "immigrant" at Walmart with his daughter asking for money for his groceries. I was disgusted.
 MathTor You will see updates on available products in your local flyer and on walmart.ca: 
Me: We have to stop at Walmart for cat liter.
JJ: NO. I don't want to go to Walmart. Stop making me do stuff that I don't want to do!
Heading to  Walmart Be back Later
 MeghanSimone_xo our matching walmart outfits
Me except I got a box of donuts from Walmart last night and have eaten half of them already 
In Walmart for an hour just to get everything but the ONE thing you went there for. 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
WOO! Lowes Hardware AND Walmart do not have bed risers and I live in the god heckin mountains and there's no other… 
Attn Shoppers! Good deal on plastic boxes at  Walmart. Pick up a pack of 10 & make some Jared Boxes!… 
[infowars]  Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter  nwo
At the new lake Nona Walmart and you can scan your own purchases as you put them in the basket. Fast check out.
Loo… 
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter - 
I love that  Target and  Walmart are moving towards chemical free products. I hope the trend continues! 
dailyrapid: Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter … 
 xadoringpaige Right. I was going to get one from Walmart. They not that expensive. Probably between 200-300.
I've never heard so many unprofessional and loud convos between employees at any store ever lol  Walmart
Amazon's next target: America's 44m food stamp recipients.  BW reports » 
 htmlbam it's the walmart near spring creek
 infowars hey  Walmart Fuck you, you un-American pieces of crap. Keep a watchful eye on your precious stock value......bye bye.
Fried eggs and homemade chili oil on Walmart pizza bread. Whatever. Breakfast.  uglydelicious… 
 melificient For a selection of available mattresses please see here: 
That nigga went got dinner from Walmart 😂😂😂🤘🏽🤘🏽🤘🏽 
I didn't cancel,  Walmart did because they didn't really have them. Online inventory is so f'd. Not going to spend the day looking.
 ChrisKuball Whoa! Which particular store location was this? -Rad
Stuck at Walmart for an hour and a half while I get an oil change.
 Its__kali walmart, dillions, target. The one at walmart is bigger than the one i got at dillions, and is the same price :)
Matt's so popular he got a dudes number in Walmart
 infowars it would be quite the shame if that Walmart suddenly for no specific reason ceased to be standing.
If anyone was wondering what I want for V day, I would love a box (or 2) of sweetarts.They’re under a dollar at Walmart or Dollar Tree.
 Flahutin but at least at Walmart you can get snacks and a drink.
Isaiah from Walmart is the 🐐
 servexvolley over when they closed. Always felt like I unfairly took out my grudge against Walmart on the entire US. Now I feel less bad. 😂
I miss the nights  ea_hastings22 and I would take spontaneous trips to Walmart and make play dough lip stick😪😞
50 Shocking Photos of Naughty Women Flashing Their Private Parts at Walmart
 by  merisoch2 via  c0nvey
A thick one just passed by the lobby in Walmart. I think I got a chance
If I get this job Friday , i'm quiting walmart🙃
Best Fitness Savings All in One Place at Walmart -  0.00: Walmart offers Best Fitness Savings All in One Place. a… 
Sheriff's Office seeks Rome Walmart larceny suspect

 Walmart that said  15 to compensate 2 hrs 39 mins of sitting in a car doesn't seem generous
 westernsuperfan yep Walmart is lowlife central
 servexvolley Yup. Also, both my parents used to work for Walmart when they still had stores in Germany. They tried to screw both of them
NO FUCKING WAY! A guy almost hit me with his car while I was crossing the street to walk into Walmart !!
I hate going to this Walmart
Our favorite Vizio TVs are on sale at Walmart right now via  USATODAY
Tide Loads of Hope is here to help. We’ll wash clothes for free daily (9-5) in Hattiesburg,MS at Walmart… 
 SAMMYneedsGodin I went they said not till next week same at heb and walmart😩😩😩😩😩
 Flahutin here if you can't find a Walmart parking lot there's always a church parking lot to hang out in.
Why Amazon is eating  Walmart 's lunch. has headphones nearby. Place order and pay. Cancelled 6 hours later
You Can Soon Buy a Car at Walmart 
I need to restock my snacks.. Trip to Walmart
 MISDFoundation  MidwayISD MISD Secondary Math earns grant from new Hewitt Walmart!!!  Congrats! 
i speedwalked so fast out of there to self checkout i cannot believe i felt so freaking disgusting cMON WALMART WHYVR U HIRING PEDOPHILES
Get kitty purring with Meow Mix Bistro from Walmart! The bistro-inspired food will keep your cat purring  Ad
I want to buy more makeup and my heart screams Sephora, but my wallet screams Walmart.
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
Walgreens employees using spirits to manipulate minds of other employes preventing me from getting my job back after 10 yrs
 Walmart
Last time I went to Walmart and they ran out of hot funyuns... it's Walmart y'all should have plenty 😐
 Walmart is committed to the success of the Hispanic community. Watch this video to learn more  MejorContigo: 
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! 
Thank you  AjaLBrown and  Galvan4Compton for your leadership in making this  Walmart in  Compton a reality! 
 Walmart invested  2.7 billion in its associates, including 200k+ Latinos. Click here to learn more  MejorContigo: 
 damienmulley yep - because they knew the reality would be Walmart
Thoughts? 
If anybody out there is looking for an NES Classic, it looks like a few places got a bunch in stock today. Check out Best Buy and Walmart
Can i buy this at walmart?  COVERGIRLOutlast  contest  COVERGIRL  Influenster 
El Monterey Breakfast Burritos - as low as  0.46 at Crest and Walmart! 
i can't go to walmart or any store w/  oxo_kayy lol
Woman Mocked for Falling Out of Cart at Walmart Speaks Out About Becoming a Meme via  Cosmopolitan
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter… 
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter Infowars  News
 darrenrovell The GE patch is huge and awful. I guess its better than the team that gets stuck with Walmart or McDonalds...
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter  WarForYourMind 
nOW IM REALLY FREAKED OUT LIKE WTF WALMART OKAY I AINT EVEN LEGAL SO IM LIKE BYE GOTTA GO and i do this awkward turn and walk away
InfoWars: Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter 
Man Steals  5 Worth of Candy from Neighborhood Walmart, Kicks Doors and Flees from Police via  San Angelo LIVE!
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter... 
Speed limit reduced west of Walmart in Trenton - 
Because until now, you could just walk into a  Walmart and burn it down. Just like that.  LawandOrder  Trump 
Alex Jones: Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter - 
South Texas Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter 
I need to go to Walmart like asap
It was awesome to have childhood fav DJ Quick at new  Walmart in  Compton 
 Walmart folks at the phone were helpful and compensated us for th experience thanks
 Frozensolid Nobody breaks in. Its like saying breaking into Walmart. A place that is open 24/7.  NoBanWall
You'll meet your soulmate in Walmart in the bread isle
 HonnnneyBee  Cassidydancer hahahah getting kicked out of Walmart ... but thank you Cassidy 😂
 itsSHAKAhoe period being a producer/rapper like almost a high end Walmart job rn
Gotta make this Walmart trip
[The Brick Fan] The LEGO Batman Movie 2-in-1 Super Pack (66546) Now Available in Wa...  BrickRSS  LEGO
*walmart 🙄 
What's News: Here comes Walmart Pay…and QR codes? (CNET Update) 
I wore my young thug shirt to Walmart minding my own & this guy like u aint no thug lil girl Im like hes a rapper hes like witcho lying ass😩
 Carly_Bowles walmart's kool aid does pretty well. Just a dipping process
 westernsuperfan not a lot of choice here, small town. But yeah Walmart parking lot is probably the crime epicenter around here
Dem niggas needa put chic fil a inside Walmart fuck a McDonald's
 Briizayy__ Girl Walmart lol
L  MLB  Cards 2016  Topps WalMart Holiday Mega relic/jersey Milwaukee  Brewers Ryan Braun … 
 CD  Music  TaylorSwift "1989" 1 x ( Deluxe Edition) Target Exclusive + 1 x Walmart Edition 
I liked a  YouTube video Moaning Bluetooth Stereo Prank! (At Walmart)
walmart also employs millions and one time a guy I didn't know flipped me off st a walmart and im honestly still no… 
I expect to be spending an embarrassing amount of money this coming weekend if I find these blind bags at Toys R Us or Walmart.
Now Playing: Friday Night Cranks - Lost In Walmart Prank Phone Call tune in now! 
 hilarycakes send this link to your bf - he might get you a Christmas present :) 
then this walmart worker like he's scrawny, blonde, looks 30ish comes to the aisle and he just stands in the middle of the hallway that the
 camspost Walmart brings out the white trash in me so I must refrain...I now go to Target lmfao
Other dude "there's a lot of gay people at Walmart"
Same gay dude "there's a lot of gay people who play standard, what's your point?"
If men could get pregnant there'd be an abortion express bay at every Walmart, BDubs & Lowe's on the planet.
Admittedly I've never been very good ,t math, but I'g pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + wo,en in mom jeaks stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
 iamlucajames I'd try Walmart
 WaltonFamilyFdn Walton? As in Walmart? Why don't you pay your workers a living wage so they can afford education? Make that a top priority
they do know that no ones gonna watch it, like the Norwegian version is the original it's already popular lol why watch the walmart version
Walmart to begin selling cars in April

so i went to walmart to buy some boxes for my art project and then i wandered to the pads section and i'm looking at the aisle
Saving Money at Walmart with the Walmart Savings Catcher 
 XitsjoseX Thanks! Interested in buying it online instead: ? We have a wide selection that you can choose from. -Rad
These lul wanna be ballers geek my life....with their lul Walmart chains talkin bout diamonds dancin😂😂😂
 drjoyce_knudsen 10,000  Walmart We hope you die Walmart
come to Walmart for one thing and leave wit so much shit😂
New walmart gran opening in Compton 🤔 definitely a good place but at the same time not a good place lol
 x_beautifulgal you gotta rash ? Walmart got sum cream for it
 mikeisfake Walmart. They don't change the oil for my car.
Good night sleep get a game from walmart or gamestop one of yung lean's music videos.
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter: 
free download ppt slides for walmart Powerpoint Templates -   free  download  ppt  slides  for  walmart
Gotta finish my application for Walmart so auntie can pull it for me 😌
Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter via  realalexjones   MAGA
My nigga jo said he takin his bitch to the McDonald's in Walmart 😂😂😂
Aww shit Compton got a Walmart now 😩
NEW: Residents Shocked Local Walmart Transforming into Illegal Immigrant Shelter 
Walmart has lingerie next to the Valentine's Day stuff. Guys you CANT forget the sexy lingerie on Vday!!😂
So today at Walmart there was this little girl, she looked about 3 yrs old and just adorable as ever...BUT she... 
Not the walmart 😱
WHICH WALMART? 
A new Walmart opened today in Compton and it's lit
Chanel vs. Walmart 
 skampl 
 NPANational & GNC, Walmart, Vitamin Shoppe, Whole Foods unite on new initiative for  dietarysupplement quality… 
 10 Monster High Deluxe High School!!! PRICE DROP!
Go Here -->> 
 bythehandofbob Isn't that like yelling at the Walmart employee for not getting paid enough or receiving bennies b/c you hate the Waltons?
Finally Did My Assessment Test For Walmart That Shit Was Long Ass Hell
Third time coming to Walmart today I'm annoyed 🙄
48¢ Almay 4-in-1 Makeup Remover Towelettes at Walmart! 
I'm at Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in Sudbury, ON 
to the guy in walmart who asked if i was lost bc i was in the auto care aisle, screw u. believe it or not, i check and add my own oil wow !!
I steal sm shit from Walmart Idk the last time I actually bought something from there 💀
Why is everything getting painted grey ?? First Walmart, then the movies & now the Y..
 VoxisTiles  IozziGiddish  guni_23  LXDIESC0DE  AlwaysNilce 
Channel/ Walmart 
The LEGO Batman Movie 2-in-1 Super Pack (66546) Now Available in Walmart Stores 
i swear if my mother doesn't leave me alone about this Walmart shit
Get 150 Lysol Wipes Free After Cashback From Walmart ( 6.55 value) Ends 1-27 via  sonyasparks
 prestonjbyrne Well the top selling products in Walmart and on Amazon aren't made in the USA and likely never will be.
The  LEGO  Batman Movie 2-in-1 Super Pack (66546) Now Available in Walmart Stores - 
Coming Soon: Walmart National Resort and Super Center (formerly known as Glacier National Park) 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Stereo Prank
 Furocityradio listening to ya guys in Walmart while we shop.  goodmusic
Literally just saw a girl whereing dangling bob Marley earring in  Walmart do you have anything to say to this  Walmart
 MarkFerris199O  Zoella is this the walmart version of photoshop
 52tobeexact1 My brother works at a ghetto ass Walmart and I swear mfs always be ready to either fight or steal some shit lol
Walmart and the Walmart Foundation Announce  200,000 Towards Tornado Relief and Recovery 
 ChristineChepon We’re working on resolving this reported issue! Thanks for your patience and understanding while we sorted this out. -Rad
Convo heard in Walmart: 
"Where'd he go??? I'm abt to tie him to the front of the buggy, ya know? like how they do deer."
.... the south
Went to Walmart on lunch and there was a man sitting on the bench out front sipping on a bud light. Alright alright alright.
 Delo_Taylor Nope, she is awful! Always has been since back in the day serving Walmart as 1st lady here in AR.
Here's an inside look at this high-tech  Walmart in  LakeNona:  VBrezina_OBJ
myAppliances->Bertha's Kitchen named a 2017 America's Classics award winner by the James…… 
i just had to change all of my a/dobe fonts for normal ones bc u can't embed them the chanel vs walmart meme
Finally out of class ☺ Let me go pick stuff up from Walmart market & get gas.
 Walmart  the one and only  aliciakeys
Why are Walmart employees always so pissed off??? Like, u applied here amirite????
the soundtrack   Walmart really make me wanna kill myself 😤
So, who is the geniu. that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bgttom shelf at Walmart?
 Walmart - delivers damaged goods but does not want to resolve issue after buying at holiday prices????
to get AM radio talk shows and sell crazy books at Walmart 
Walmart baby registry box 
 IamTimmydamit Hey, did you get what I left for you at walmart?
Walmart Has Everything 
Walmart Lays off 200 Silicon Valley E-commerce Empl oyees 
Walmart Lays off 200 Silicon Valley E-commerce Empl oyees
 camspost lmao bunch of bum ass Walmart shoppers & my aunt works   one too smh I should cut her off😂✂️
 walmart - Escalations Department - not willing to work with its customers! Have to wait 48 hours for a phone call?
 Retweet  CleanWater  14mm Dia Hose Hole Magnetized Water Splash 
When I go to NH Walmart I feel famous. Customer and employees always stopping me to say hi 😂
Great grill cleaning set!  grill 
 mellaisprincess smh lmao better upgrade and go to Walmart or sum 😂😂
 jamiebrown999 they don't charge you for the rental. You can buy earmuffs and eye protection at Walmart. Save money on rentals.
 KSinger26 Our  EveryDayLowPrices have that effect on many people. -Rad
 Purnell_BFresh They have an incredible bus system. You can take a bus to the mall and walk towards their giant Walmart.
Disney Princess Belle Tea Cart on Clearance via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
Albertsons Price Match List & Coupon Match Ups via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
 TMTestify  RagerrCOD thats not what im saying im trying to say so many people rock them there not just some random walmart shoes
 Walmart  Would it be possible for the store to hold a tv?! Apparently not. will never shop Walmart again. HORRIBLE customer service.
  the girl searching Walmart for guacamole in front of me, same
Does Walmart keep itself accessible and available to the public 24 hours a day?
I just had a mental breakdown leaving walmart !!!! I love myself !!!
I CAN'T BELIEVE I FORGOT TO GET BUFFALO NUGGETS AT WALMART I HATE MY LIFE
Why  Walmart's  250Billion Pledge Will Make US  manufacturing More  sustainable.  Winners Announced… 
I am so disgusted with that Walmart. Smfh.
 basedphill I'll do it, I'm in Walmart rn but I'll text you when I get home
 Walmart yes it would be. But i have a job so just going to Walmart in the middle of the day isint easy.
.. Let's talk about how this one specific Walmart didn't have any hotpockets.
 FMI_ORG The Race to Win the Middle is Over the winner is Walmart 
 Walmart &  WalmartFoundation Announce  200,000 towards  Tornado Relief/Recovery:  SalvationArmy  disasterservices
Definitely need to go to Walmart
I need meat and shrimp but it's snowing should I go to walmart or no?
Walmart and Ford Help Car Buyers Steer Clear of Dealerships: Ford Motor Company commission..  car  news  reviews 
 BHGLiveBetter  win a  walmart giftcard
 KybrinSheridan Who's having a birthday? -Rad
Please don't put the name Kake Korner anywhere near Walmart name we are totally custom and baked on the premises are not anywhere near ou...
There is no good reason Walmart gets me this excited. Highlight of my day lol
 tedlerrr LMAO they sell it at walmart and walgreens too
Me   work - hey how are you? 
Customer - well,  I'm microwaving this sandwich I bought this morning on clearance at Walmart, so I might die
Polyamorous Black Panthers from Walmart
this fucking guy ate shit at walmart and i make a song poardy what video to make now
"hey you know what's a good song-"
"your mom" 
wow thanks random man at walmart how did you know?????🙂
Lol: Chick Tells The Story Of How She Gave Some Disrespectful Guys The Shock Of Their Lives At Walmart! helppp 
Brenna ass inna left turning lane her ass buss a right and shoot across all the  traffic to turn into Walmart 💀💀
 SweetiePie Miss Robbie-Pies Should Have Been In Walmart  BlackOwnedBusiness   
 bk5137  KellyannePolls  FoxBusiness oh and Walmart is laying ppl off every day this week and next.  trumpeffect you get ALL the shit.
Why  Walmart  250B Pledge Will Make  US  Manufacturing More  Sustainable  JessicaHrdcstle via  ELDaily
who tf steals muffins from walmart to buy a g? 😂😂😂😂
I think pranking random people at Walmart is gonna be my thing now 😈
 nicomoto  CBSNews the redneck Walmart whales
I thought I've seen it all.. now we have to boycott Macy's, Amazon, and Walmart because they sell "Trump" things? Cmon
Lady standing way too close behind me at Walmart popping and I mean POPPING her gum in my ear😳🙄👎🏼
 LicensingSource  Roblox  Jazwares are they in Walmart U.S yet?
 TunaHill  kevinddaniels  leaffan16 then why do you shop at Walmart?
 Adaieux_ by walmart
WAC – You will get a free  250.00 Walmart Gift Card after closing and loan funding.

You need to see this home. 2... 
 JospehsTwitte I love it best is when you go to Walmart buy a lot of cleaners and clean the new house Delow fresh
Saw my old bio professor at Walmart, he was  0.22 short.I had a quarter in my hand but remembered that 89.2 so.. 
 TheCarLdude is this the universal pre order? Or is it different depending on what u use (gamestop walmart or digital)
 KyTheBrute  SoulSampleFiend boys better start going to Walmart grabbing their shit and getting the fuck outta there.    Eyes straight
 northsidechad I've been to a Walmart in Selma, CA where there was a car on fire in the parking lot and no one cared. Will it hold up?
 Steve_Marquez We hope you get this issue resolved soon! -Rad
 FlppinDippin Walmart will have them in stock within the next few weeks!
Came to Walmart for apples, left with Marshmallows and brownie mix🙂
Oneida County Sheriff's Investigating Larceny At Rome Walmart 
I'm So Tired Of Going 2 Walmart🙄 I Alwsys Forget some
 CoachTheLab  2/2 From Walmart. Its Purple!  She told all her friends she wants Walmart gift cards LOL 
 lilamyg817  Walmart UPDATE: info sent to support team...
 _ChandlerTodd_ Glad you made time to see us! -Rad
Bu.iness at Walmart is going todbe slow tomo.ron. :(
Does anyone know where to get a lab coat? I need one for anatomy. I checked Walmart but they have none
 Rez_GS walmart
Smart TV LED 32 ´ 32PHG5201... Apenas R 1298.99 Acesse  TV  SmartTV   oferta  desconto… 
Liiiikkkkkeeee gurllll, I got this for  9 at walmart and I'm about to go back for the other 3 varieties of it.
 camspost lmao and this is the exact reason idfw Walmart no more I can't put myself through it😭
 POTUS  all you have to do is go to Walmart on Friday eve to watch the     fly to Mexico,   Keep it here ,limit the money  find the people !
. KrishnaDe gives her expert opinion on  LiveStreaming and social selling: 
 theview walmart, outback, and more buy their produce from Mexico. Trump has never been to a grocery store if prices go up he doesn't care
Amber got her nails done!   Walmart Stockbridge - N Henry Blvd 
Do you stare at a computer screen all day? SeeWell supports fatigued eyes. Shop at  Walmart 
 TProphet the Jet CEO is the new CEO of ecommerce at Walmart and kicked off an extensive reorg.
 crucifalex absolutely lol. just the idea of getting a trump hotel when we don't have a walmart for ethical reasons is actually laughable
Walmart Partners with CarSaver to Offer Auto Purchase Options at Stores  retail  auto… 
I got this cute, relaxed pullover from Walmart last week & everytime I've worn it multiple people have asked if it's from VS/where I got it
Even at Walmart, in coal producing Ky, the future is NOW!  electricvehicles 
Some man came up to me in Walmart to tell me I was lovely and asked if my mom was single 😂😂
News: Why  Walmart’s  250 Billion Pledge Will Make US Manufacturing More Sustainable  Walmart
Shorter hair!   Walmart Stockbridge - N Henry Blvd 
 TheBottomLine that's awesome. It's cool Walmart is getting all these sweet exclusives!
We need Walmart gone. Offering services that'll eliminate all competitors Target/CVS/Walgreens
Military running audio provocation for them.
 SumthinabtCEE I saw one at Walmart that bih was  50... they super 😴😴😴
*F*R*E*E* Nature Valley Baked Oat Bites Cereal at Walmart!! - Learn more at 
Walmart and the Walmart Foundation Announce  200,000 Towards Tornado Relief and Recovery  
..... every 20 steps there a ugly ass Walmart employee trying to get at you.
Walmart Has Everything  nakedbabe  babe  girlsoftwitter 
 ThaKingKid afterglow  30 at Walmart
Ride on ATV 6V Toy Quad Battery Power Electric 4 Wheel at Walmart!! - Learn more at 
Went to Walmart and almost lost my car. I went down the wrong aisle, then was looking in the wrong direction.
12 weeks!   Walmart Stockbridge - N Henry Blvd 
 mejon94 Contact your local store's Customer Service desk and tell them about what happened, so we can assist you properly. -Rad
Don't forget to enter our  WalmartWednesday  giveaway by 11pm ET tonight for your chance to  win a  Walmart gift card.
From meetings to martinis, these sheers are so silky and smooth your legs will look and feel their best.… 
 jevnnette well ill tell you this, it's not a walmart brandd, other stores like target, academy, klohs, etc carries it,
Happiness is thin and trimmed hair!!   Walmart Stockbridge - N Henry… 
Hate going to ratchet Walmart. Every 10steps there's a bum asking you for money
 dorothyisabel_ they aren't gonna be laughing when I'm done with em. Gonna have them feelin like a Walmart rotisserie chicken.
🙋 Walmart Worker Turns In  350 He Found In Parking Lot--His Good Deed Ends Up Costing Him His Job 😏 
Walmart is being remodeled and I can't take all these new faces.
 realDonaldTrump yo dirty ass gone have to do more than up the jobs at Walmart
So Walmart's internal Valentine's Day sales tracker "borrows" Pit from Kid Icarus and a reskinned Asshole Dog. Not… 
 dcalifornia07 Yikes! What happened? -Rad
 BillMoyersHQ We need to concentrate on fighting for better service jobs. Our priority has to be efforts like OUR Walmart and Fight for  15.
Being sick is bad enough but all the valentines stuff at Walmart made it worse😷🙅🏼
 djphlipz Is this your new fave?  followyourcravings -Rad
Walmart radio is actually playing gooood music 👌🏻 it's gonna be a great day.
I love Walmart
Literally Sarah today at Walmart 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 
 JoyAnnReid  My city will "Walmart" those suckers right outta town.
 isabolognaa ya true - walmart fucking sucks tho they deserve to be banned
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Diberville, MS 
 fatisonnomnom Would it be possible for you to bring TV back to the store? Bring receipt too and orig pckg so we can exchange it. -Rad
Walmart will win the Race for the Grocery Middle    GrocerantGuru  FoodserviceSolutions  StevenJohnson  Grocerant 
When you look down and realize your entire outfit is from walmart 😂🙈🔫
 chrisfbananas people only buy it now cus urban sells it when it's a fuckin Walmart brand lol
 anumati__ there's deff a Walgreens on the way to Walmart, I'm sure they have a pharmacy
I went to Walmart to get school stuff and I saw all the valentine things that I won't be getting on valentines day🙃 mylife
Who wouldn't love these Pecan Turtle Cookies?  ad  recipe  cookies  walmart... by  ConservamomE via  c0nvey
Walmart Has Everything  nudegirls  nsfw 
Target plans to launch  MobilePayments in stores later this year, following Walmart and Kohls. 
 MELANIATRUMP is fluent in 5 Languages  chelseahandler is fluent in Walmart   hypocrisy  misogynie
Marion police attempt to identify Walmart fraud suspect 
Found Crystal Pepsi in the Arnold, MO Walmart, and bought one. Looks like Sprite, tastes like Pepsi One.  KevLAbeast 
Never fucking get your haircut at Walmart. No matter how good the discount is.  fuck  uglyasshit
Walmart Has Everything  amateur  girl  realgirl  nude  naked  nsfw 
 Walmart to lay off 200 e-commerce staffers in California, part of a round of job cuts  CorpCreditResearch via  WSJ
Do Walmart sell Apple Watch chargers?
Vendors skeptical as Walmart changes sourcing roles 
Police Looking for Help Identifying Person Who Stole Keys from Walmart: Tuesday at about 7… 
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Penguala – Pink Egg are in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals January 25, 2017 2:53 pm 
 Kody_Highroller she blocked me cuz I told her she was rude because she made fun of someone who bought a watch from walmart
 ChrisGettinMula bro I had got cash back the other night at walmart and idk when i spent it 🙄
After class i stopped at walmart & the old man said it was too early for me to be awake. 
Even a stranger understands my schedule is shit🙃
Charlie the shiny cream rooster from Walmart,
in semmes waiting in the walmart parking lot for 2 to roll around so i can hit up sonic during happy hour😂🙄
Might go to Walmart or GameStop on break
 TCS37 im literally in middle of Baltimore and Philly. Saw a thing through Walmart to get a cheap plan
The Sam's Choice Cherry Berry fruit mix at Walmart is the stuff....👍👍👍👍👍
Walmart Has Everything  sexy  real  girls 
Whenever I walk into WalMart, I instantly start counting the number of little kids getting their ass beat by a parent.
this little old lady came up to me at walmart and was like "make America great again sweetie"  like uhh thanks i'll pass on that one
 SwaggOnAttaCK_ aha naw I ain't hit Walmart yet
 westernsuperfan got an hour to kill so parked at back of Walmart parking lot listening to podcast.
 Walmart  now your customer service rep at the store has hung up on me. You are a worthless organization & will never buy from you again
 missthelegend i was looking at that video from when me, you and marcus went to walmart that night laughing like idk what! 😭😭
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Bakersfield, CA 
You can now get'cher cars at Wally World!  JumpstartAuto
Savage even while in line at Walmart
 NoMercy  SendNudes  Savage  AF 
gotta go to Walmart, boutta go to Walmart, really hate Walmart 🙃
 ARecharte Was this an in store purchase or did you purchase it online? -Dee
Damn.  Walmart's popcorn shrimp in a cup always calling my name
Urbini 4-in-1 Nesti Play Yard -  99.88: Walmart offers Urbini 4-in-1 Nesti Play Yard for  99.88. a rel="nofollow"… 
walmart version of skam kk bye 
 crucifalex honestly. we don't even have a walmart bc of ethics or whatever.
At Walmart waiting in line behind 3 people while 4 other associates watch. Hmmm. I don't think Mr Walton would like that.
 StrangeNeighborRequests
Can you drive me to Walmart? My husbands car is out of gas and we are not talking right now. How is Tangela?
Join the Newell Brands team! See our latest  job opening here:  Bentonville, AR  Hiring
This cop is a 100% BITCH

Police interview partner of John Crawford III after Ohio Walmart shooting – video 
Walmart Iphone 5s Straight Talk How to Unlock: Fast and Legal Method 
So the Compton Walmart opened today. Is this true?
 500 Walmart  Giveaway 
I'm usually disappointed in  Walmart 's customer service but today they hit a new level of disappointment.
 ganatexmds 
Wilson
Walter
Walmart
Wow
Wifi
Wishing the best to the folks from Walmart Labs. Thanks for your contributions to OSS! 
This would be so handy next month for mardi gras. : ) 
I need to go to Walmart..
San Antonio police reopen Walmart security guard\'s 1994 cold case killing 
DJ Quik at at Compton Walmart showing love 
no. catch me at your local walmart asleep in the Ball Cage gripping onto my titties for dear life
 ksatnews hey isn't that the same guy that robbed the Wells Fargo in the Walmart in New Braunfels?? Not too long ago???
OGX hair product giveaway  OGXbeauty  beauty  OGXhair  walmart  giveaway  contest  win  sweeps  hair 
I am leaving Walmart
 Walmart one of my bags is missing what do i do
I just heard this woman say her ass crack was itching in one of the food isles at Walmart lol. Some people are just too much 😑
I was at Walmart on the weekend. Very interesting. Discount toy section full of  GhostBusters crap.
So tell me again how good the movie was.
But the pretzel place in Brownsburg Walmart is good too.
when youre trying to prepare yourself for the new walmart 
When cheap = good...we bring you Walmart. Or coal burning. 
Chanel vs. Walmart ( + mirainigiri ) 
I came to the Walmart in Avon just b/c they have an Aunties & I wanted a pretzel😋
 zilllan79  Skyfall1982 CHECK THIS OUT! 
Phyllis thinks she's a filet mignon?? Yeah, maybe one of the prepackaged "filets" they sell at Walmart...
 YR
. cole_smith5 I'm checking out  Walmart find me at checkout number 12
Walmart to big to be having ONE customer service representative 💀😭😂 this shit ridiculous!!
Before & After tackling my  SCJMessyMoments
 
  ad
 
See what Windex® Brand  Walmart can do! 
Walmart is not the place to socialize. MOVE!
 _karla01_  try the ones from Walmart they're alright but not the same 😒
🚨Caution🚨 Walmart has been invested with snow birds
This shit cost  8 at Walmart my nigga 😤 
 ATT  Walmart  target  Citi  mhl it makes me very upset that you all fund the REDMAP PAC  NormEisen
When you're checking out at walmart and you suddenly get cancer when you look up. 
 Fashion  Music  TaylorSwift Ours  CD Rare OOP Walmart Exclusive 2 Track Single W/ Live Version… 
Kiosks to bring car sales to Walmart Supercenters  CarSaver ^jo
I got to WalMart to get my Roku remote. I have to get batteries from the dollar store.
toilet paper, walmart, taco bell, and mcdonald's literally do not need commercials
Action at Walmart - Quinte News 
this wall finna be the Walmart brand of the Great Wall of china
 yes_eniaaaa  Walmart so someone got a free tablet? Lmao
 billythefridge a Walmart greeter? Hmm you could  still achieve that
 Top Taylor Swift Ours  CD Rare OOP Walmart Exclusive 2 Track Single W/ Live Version 
I don't think I'll ever be able to go to Walmart without having to call my mom in order to find something
Jeffery from Walmart fixed my glasses 😪
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cockeysville, MD 
Holy crap, splatoon figs in walmart 
I'm so used to never getting ready that I forgot to put a bra on and went to Walmart haha oh whale🤷🏻‍♀️
 wgoemaere8  denniskocis84  Pat_Osantowske  DRINKREClPES  pump is only  7 at Walmart this is for sure doable
Speed trap on spid before Walmart
i hate walmart , i come for one thing and end up getting like 10 things
Shantavia S. of Texarkana, TX  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
Will gets chimichangas and jalapeño poppers at Walmart and wonders why his stomach is in knots right now
 FredShackleton  DemsTalk Take it up with employers like Walmart, that underpay employees. Many food stamp users are employed.
 Tobjizzle the fact you love the same books I loved in my childhood is amazing. Also, Walmart and asda are the same dunno if you knew. 👌❤️
Walmart Chile: watch video too! 
💛Walmart 💛
Thanks to Sarah in our Facebook group!
・・・
"Singing Elsa ( 5, originally  30) -… 
 Khaixur  CalligraphyWoW i live in NY but theyre common here, walmart, target, 7-11 all have it.
I need to go to Walmart to buy a phone buuuuut.. No car :(
When ur in the Walmart bathroom and u hear a parent outside tell their kid "you're 8 now, you can go by yourself no… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lithia Springs, GA 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cincinnati, OH 
American Dad - Hey its like working at  Walmart! via  YouTube
 engrossingfacts 🏃🏾‍♀️to Walmart to buy jump rope lol.
 NaomiAKlein Poland sank it's currency via SHOCK, Trump would like the same! Overnight, walmart will become like Bergdorf Goodman;
 fatisonnomnom Feedback Team at so we can work to help resolve this for you. -Dee 2/2
 fatisonnomnom Oh no! Please continue to try your call or stop by to speak w/member of mgmt. You may also share your concerns w/our -Dee 1/2
 Walmart Just another Medicaid problem
I have a Walmart gift card but I never go to Walmart lol why couldn't it be for target ☹️
Fuck Walmart and their shitty documentarys, shit was so bad half the class had their heads down ready to nap
Tracy Morgan Ordered To Reveal Earnings And Health Documents Apart Of Walmart Settlement  hiphopnews  apart
 Barbie9667 good morning.barbara what's your favorite store to shop at.i love Walmart,zellers,Pierre 1 imports,Michaels craft store,hallmark
 Walmart y'all gotta step it up shit trash this is a complaint
Walmart? More like Moldmart. DO NOT click on this if you are squeamish. Or if you buy your groceries  Walmart 
Be careful eating bananas 🍌 someone's been injecting bananas with HIV virus. - 
SUPPORT SMALL LOCAL BUSINESS! fuck Walmart, fuck the big companies. Help the economy by shopping at small businesses!
Love your vids especially water bottle flips on walmart
Clearly she must need a job. No more pay to play, and Bill's speaking fees have tanked ... is there a Walmart greeter opening in Chappaqua?
 loughnessmonstr I fell alseep listening to the giant beastcast and they were in my dream camping out overnight in a walmart
 FBHWJustin your quote on segment 17 "Walmart is like a redneck hooters" was so amazing! Hahaha "their walls are ruined!"
Why do people spend  500 on hoodies and shirts that look like they are from Walmart
Chanel vs walmart 🙊 
Got the West Coast Veterans up in there....They done turned Walmart into a swap meet....😎😎😎 
 c4hand21 where do they sell Halo Top? I haven't been able to find it at Walmart
boy boy boy 
I want to know how do I start a conversation with a random girl I see like at Walmart or the corner store  meetnewpeople  conversation
If anyone's interested, my Walmart chicken tastes like rubber  BellLetsTalk
Walmart and the Walmart Foundation Announce  200,000 Towards Tornado Relief and…  CSR
found love in a hopeless place  walmart 
 leahlee1122 they have it at Walmart! In the Vitamin section.
San Antonio police reopen Walmart security guard's 1994 cold case killing  Security  SecurityGuard
 _leannkrystal we went to walmart bc she wanted to have a movie day and she was getting pickles and i said "dont get one with broken ones"
 johnjayandrich I bought these at Walmart a few weeks ago. They are AWESOME!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Neptune, NJ 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Traverse City 
Walmart in Chile. Chile 
*News* Walmart Expands Blockchain Further Across Supply Chain: Following initial successful trial...  blockchain
Kaylee the smelly cream moose from Walmart,
Im about to quit Walmart.....
Am I at Walmart?? No!wait, I'm in the customs line at the Nassau airport! 4 line out of 18 open!!  wth  getittogetherpeople
Organic restaurant to bring fresh, fast food to new Lake Nona Walmart Supercenter

 57Mnc Thanks for the positive tweet. Those look pretty awesome...and healthy too! -Dee
 matthoxmeier at this rate, it's going to be target socks not those Walmart ones
we went to walmart and guess what she did today... 
Now their dip won’t slip! The First Years Inside Scoop Suction Dip Plate available at Walmart:… 
Really Big Data At Walmart: Real-Time Insights From Their 40+ Petabyte Data Cloud  bigdata 
 Retlouping How's that job search going? Maybe you could be a sort of "Walmart" greeter at MSP...you're there often enough!
Walmart sell mikes now y'all!!! 👀😳 
Walmart is going to start selling cars because why not? - BGR - You can already buy just about anything you nee... 
 deniselynne1966 Walmart has them already
Feeling a little thirsty so I stopped at Walmart to pick a few drinks up. 
 crowdermusic they registered at Walmart, too! 😂😂
Y'all boyfriends can't spell or put a simple sentence together. They work at the nearest gas stations and Walmart overnight. 😊
 jessica29108 Please contact our Online Customer Service Team at so we can work to get your diapers to you. -Dee
Nostalgia CPB400 Cake Pop Maker


 BabyCakes
See lover I M mortal Sigh
Workplace flirting 88
Walmart Chile information. 
Starting at 3pm EST: Interview with Walmart leader, Jay McNaught  TMN  Leadership 
FREE Frank's RedHot Buffalo Sauce +  0.75 MM at WALMART
Valid Today Only, unless the cash back offer returns

Walmart provides donations & supplies to assist orgs leading tornado relief efforts in LA, MS, GA + FL  CSR
I asked for this a couple weeks ago in Walmart lol💚 
WOW! Over 100k people have signed a petition demanding  Walmart extend its cage-free policy… 
Really Big Data At Walmart: Real-Time Insights From Their 40+ Petabyte Data Cloud by  BernardMarr via  RetailNext 
Walmart Beauty Box for  5 shipped: 
 eLioness_ I just use regular aloe vera from walmart but you can even get the moisturizers with aloe
 Dana_Stewart27 plz can we go to Walmart lol
Bitch im going IN.
aint no day off bih
Fuck a rest nigga
Greatness dont rest
And walmart is fresh out
 nytimes DUMB-ASS ALERT - fire her ass now. She should be a greeter at Walmart
It's 2017, Walmart should change the name to TrapMart cuz they sell everything
I remember when you could go to Walmart and buy Champion for 10 bucks a shirt and now they 45.99 cuz some damn celebrity wore it 😭😭😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Ontario, OR 
Ima start tackling random people at Walmart, ima hit the ray lewis dance after
We went to Walmart after work today & this man walked up to us & asked what frame he should get for his drawing
My first human contact for the day was an old Black man in Walmart giving me a pound. Pretty sure it's gonna be a good week.
 Gemini_Joseph from Whole Foods??? You crazy we can go to Walmart or rouses!!
Oh nooo try Walmart 
I know I've come to walmart for a reason. Now I don't know why 😂😂😂
belVita biscuits make it so easy for you to have a  healthy breakfast! Find them here  
 CindiHeng  foxnewsvideo  foxandfriends she should be Demoted to Walmart Greater!
"When we have retailers like  IKEAUSA  Walmart demanding change to move away from  formaldehyde; a huge opportunity… 
 StarWars STAR WARS The Black Series SCARIF STORMTROOPER 6 inch Walmart Exclusive  Episode 
My grandparents forcefully buy things for me at Walmart
PSA- THERES A 🐨 STUFFED ANIMAL AT WALMART AND I NEED HIM
 Michael_Huerta2 Walmart
 Slim94_  DABOIKYLE I went to every electronic store, every Walmart, and every target in the area. All sold out. Lol
 nobodysdarlinng I'm on a budget so I use Coty Airspun. You can get it at Walmart/Walgreens 🤗
 jennnnnn213 Walmart
 Walmart bough tv Winchester MO store. Take it out the box & the screen is shattered. Have called store 5+ times & no answer. Worst service.
Apparently my book is now on sale at Walmart:  
Leaving for  MarchForLife tomorrow. Still don't know what time we are heading out. Still need to go to Walmart and buy foot warmers and food
 MLB  Cards 2016  Topps WalMart Holiday Mega relic/jersey Milwaukee  Brewers Ryan Braun 
"Where'd you get yo car?" "Walmart" lmaooo
So I leave Walmart earlier. Outside an awning is set up, sign says "FREE SMARTPHONE, 500 MINUTES, UNLIMITED TEXT"... 
 ICYMI: We spy new plants in the garden center!  CostaFarms  Walmart  whoawaitwalmart  houseplant  freshoxygen… 
....great business thought it would be
These white boys at Walmart loving me 😏
Breakfast or dessert? 

German Chocolate Waffles  ad 
 recipe  germanchocolate  waffles… 
 Walmart teams up with SSCI and GNC, aims to enhance consumer safety. 
. Walmart,  Safeway,  WholeFoods and others expected to attend Fresno Food Expo this summer 
I cant believe people just stan anything. They stan cookies, Taco Bell, Walmart, Tana Mongeau.......Like that's so crazy to me.
Did y'all know Walmart sell Jordan's now?!?! 😳👀
Should Wal-Mart (NYSE  Walmart) Be in Your Portfolio?  NonCyclicalConsumer  Amazon  WalMart… 
The Venti coffee I got from Starbucks this morning at 9AM is still warm inside my  10 Walmart to-go coffee cup  CaffeinatedMommaWin
 TheOnlySteffan  Jeff_Jacoby  BostonGlobe Making Walmart furniture cost the same as local mom & pop artisan (?) furniture isn't a solution.
Dear  Walmart Part of the problem is the Maplewood MO store is lying to corporate to try to cover up the problem. 
No no no! Why would you pay someone at Walmart to file your taxes for you? 👎🏻
Love watching people at Walmart there's so nutty jawns walking around it's great
Walmart here we come
Lori C. of St Petersburg, FL  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
I told my 2 year old that once you turned 2, Walmart would not sell you a pacifier. WorstLieIEverTold
I am now sitting in the parking lot of Walmart waiting on Jackie and Tiffany. "Help me Lord."
A fascist  Walmart employee told me to "fix my hair." (I have multi-colored cyan/pink hair.) Screw you. I'll bet your kids don't love you.
NEW NINTENDO SWITCH WALMART - Gray Pre-order Confirmed! Bundled With Micro SD!
Walmart one of a few founding members working to further strengthen supplement safety. 
 xl1067 Which Walmart can I win  ProBowl tickets at? Web page says Princeton Walmart buy gives Turkey Lake Rd Walmart address? Iwanttowin!!
The song is already a Walmart version of Love Me Harder is the music video gonna be it too? 
Vlog 15 - BodPod Testing | Cryotherapy Fail | Walmart Shop: via  YouTube
Reason 124863170 I don't go to Walmart: Seth and I saw a USED tampon in the parking lot
 N3r0TheH3r0 You do at Kroger and occasionally walmart.
For the record,  Target is a great inclusive company and  Walmart sucks.
*Possible* Walmart Imaginext Clearance 1/25/2017 
 Walmart last night and picked up 2 packs of MTG cards, Kaladesh and Aether Revolt!! Yoo hoo!  MTG 🇺🇸
 SopanDeb  maggieNYT nice to hear the Walmart Liberace is at least impressed by living in the home of the leader of the Free World.
Found a new buddy at Walmart! I want him as my valentine!! 
Faded Glory Men's Jeans w/ 31 Tide Pods for  12 + pickup at Walmart

latreeca b. of Flint, MI  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 thepainguy Your feedback is important. Please share the details w/our Feedback Team at  -Dee
Why Is Walmart Playing With My W-2🙄? That's The ONLY One I'm Waiting For.
Feb. 18, 2016 total revenue Walmart 129.7 billion. All full time nonsalary employees being cut to 32 to 35 hrs. not enough to pay our rent
I really dislike Walmart these days
 scammed : Victim Scammed by Impostor Mayor at Walmart - 
This just reminded me of when u cursed the Walmart employee out over 4. 😂 Lemme go listen real quick. 
Who Walmart think they are 
I need the lil Girl Scouts to go sit outside of Walmart
I just spent close to  50 on mostly makeup at Walmart, and I kind of hate myself for it.
The Peter Daou Chronicle:
'04: Loses to Bush
'16: Loses to Trump
'20: Loses to DVD of Three Men and a Baby from a Walmart Redbox
 BUSHMASTER50  cher No, I gave my Trump supporter employees the grunt work here at Walmart as payback.
 MikecolonD  Walmart do you have proof
 Money_CHRISpy they like 20 at the dollar store or 40 at walmart
Wanna go camping?

How about Staples Park in Utah? Or WalMart National Park in Montana? Better yet that park with the green lake, Exxon Park
Chris B. of Oklahoma City, OK  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
When the Walmart cashier asks to see your ID when you're trying to buy  DollyParton The Best Little Whorehouse in T… 
 OriginalFunko any idea if WM 3packs r still rolling out or dropping online? Webpage changed this morning, worrisome

 HelloGreedo It means that they were out of inc and somebody forgot to go to Walmart, DAVE!
The Mash Potatoes In Walmart Deli is So Good
I want these for  valentinesday!!

Peanut Butter & Chocolate Dipped Strawberries  ad 
The new Compton Walmart has mariachi inside 😂😅💃🏻
MT  BernardMarr:  Walmart - The World’s Largest  Retailer Is Processing 2.5 Petapytes Of  BigData Every Hour Forbes 
Walmart Set to Cut 200 E-Commerce Jobs in California 
 realDonaldTrump CALL JC PENNY,WALMART,GAP,NIKE ETC & GIVE THEM THE ULTIMATUM SOURCE FROM USA,START PROCESS OR ELSE 35% DUTIES ON ALL IMPORT
 AetherSpike I think there were some at Walmart
Walmart awards  3 million for U.S. textiles development | Home Textiles Today 
. Walmart  target  kroger & others are all investing heavily to compete with  amazon's infrastructure  iriworldwide 
Look what I have!? 

 stustone  adamrodness  canadianfilm 

You can order directly from Walmart!… 
 Steve_Marquez We apologize for the frustration and inconvenience. Please share w/our Customer Care Team at  -Dee
 WarrenG870 Walmart the bando 😂💪🏾
AWESOME Triple Stack On Purell Hand Sanitizer; Just  0.42 At Target or Walmart!!! 
 curlyhead3df_ck  xW0nderland19 fuck that I wouldn't pay if at all. This is why I go to Walmart lmfao
There's a woman driving around the Walmart parking lot beeping and screaming "I'M LOOKING FOR MY BIRD." It's funny, but it's sad. Then funny
Super random, but these new sweatpants I got in the men's section at Walmart are sooo comfortable 🙌
 ITweet__UFollow trapping out Walmart? 😂
 Asi_Mullah nothing chilling about to hit Walmart up lol
the guy checking us out at walmart is the slowest omg
I just needed my ID to buy DayQuil at Walmart........
Really Big Data At Walmart: Real-Time Insights From Their 40+ Petabyte Data Cloud:  cloud  bigdata
I am now a cake decorator for the Walmart bakery. 😝😋 so stoked
Snapchat is the Walmart of Social Media.
Dallas-area Walmart stores to start selling cars 
 YearZero87 I just had Walmart deli
Walmart broke me once again
 jeff_jacoby 

But, the academy &  MSNBC told me that WalMart is evil.  So confusing
Wednesday’s Chart Breakdowns 


 STLD  NYCB  WU  CVS  Walmart  SC  ESRX  EAT 
 Walmart Mcmillon C Douglas  on 2017-01-23 director officer now owns 1,741 shares  investing  stocks 
 Walmart Mcmillon C Douglas  on 2017-01-23 director officer now owns 75,374 shares  investing  stocks 
 Walmart Mcmillon C Douglas  on 2017-01-23 director officer now owns 75,954 shares  investing  stocks 
 Walmart Mcmillon C Douglas  on 2017-01-23 director officer now owns 5,194 shares  investing  stocks 
 Walmart Mcmillon C Douglas  on 2017-01-23 director officer now owns 1,657 shares  investing  stocks 
 Walmart:

New Insider Filing on

Executive Vice President

DANIEL J BoeingRTLETT:


 PlugPowerInc any chance H2 can be delivered to local  wmt  hd  retail stores via the service center? 
 Walmart Mattel Shares Tumble After Reporting Weak Holiday Sales 
Amazon: The World's First Quantum Business Model  Walmart  AMZN
The Red Flag That Amazon Investors Should Worry About  BoeingBoeing  Walmart  AMZN
Dow’s road to 20,000 paved by Goldman, Boeing, and IBM  GS  Boeing  IBM  DIS  Apple  Walmart
 Walmart:

Dow’s road to 20000 paved by Goldman, Boeing, and IBM:


 AXP  DIS  UTX 9-1 S  IBM 9-2 S  Boeing 9-7 S 💔  GS  VZ  JPM 2-0 B  CVX  JNJ  PFE 3-0 B  MMM  GE  TRV 4-0 B  XOM  Walmart 6-0 B
Another reminder that retailers need to sell goods & not be valued as a real estate play.

 Walmart  TGT  PMR  JCP  MCY… 
Wal-Mart vs Target – Stock Faceoff: Giants Of Retail  Walmart  TGT 
Weik Investment Services Inc. Acquires 125 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. Has  1,211,678,000 Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Major retailers like Walmart would have enjoyed the reduction of import tariffs under the TPP:… 
 Walmart Why Target Is a Buy After 18% Price Decline 
 XRIM  MONEY : FoxBusiness : Top importers:  Walmart  TGT  HD  SHLD  DG … 
The  Stock Whisper Of The Day:  Walmart  SHY  USO  GOVT 
SAlphaTrending: The Red Flag That Amazon Investors Should Worry About  BoeingBoeing  Walmart  AMZN
Benzinga: Dow 10K's Hottest Stocks: Where Are They Now?  DOW  GE  HON  IBM  JNJ  MCD  Merck  UTX  Walmart  HON  dow20k
Dow 10K's Hottest Stocks: Where Are They Now?  DOW  GE  HON  IBM  JNJ  MCD  Merck  UTX  Walmart  HON  dow20k
 Walmart:

Dow’s run to 20K took biggest boost from Goldman, Boeing and IBM …:


News: Why  Walmart’s  250 Billion Pledge Will Make US Manufacturing More Sustainable  Walmart
Why  Target Is A Buy After 18% Price Decline  TGT Also  AMZN  Walmart 
PR: Survive the retail wilderness with Don't Starve Mega Pack for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One  AMZN,  BBY,  GME,… 
 Walmart Target Looking Better Than Wal-Mart For Investors 
Should Wal-Mart (NYSE  Walmart) Be in Your Portfolio?  NonCyclicalConsumer  Amazon  WalMart… 
 Walmart: Analyst action by Wells Fargo on Wal-Mart Stores: 
Dow 20K isn't a happy day for everyone. Dow components  AXP  Merck  P&G  UTX  VZ  Walmart all lower.
On The Fly: What to watch in eBay earnings report  EBoeingY  AMZN  Walmart  KSS  TGT 
 AMZN building nicely again  Walmart heading down again. Earnings on 2 Feb should be stellar
Read what Business Insider has to say about the Wyckoff Trading Method!  spy  aapl  tsla  wmt  t  ge  msft
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Initiated Coverage by Wells Fargo (Ranked 8th) to Market Perform  Walmart  Walmart 
Wal-Mart - An Excellent Defense Hold  Walmart - new  investing book = big lifetime profits - 
Wal-Mart Dumps Unwanted Staff, Draws Praise From Trump  Walmart
Target Got Flushed, Strong Buy Under  66  AMZN  COST  Walmart  TGT
 Walmart needs to perk up already. Heck, even  TGT is popping today!  stockmarket  stocks  finance  investing  daytrading  daytrader  QQQ  SPY
It's Time for Stock Investors to Play Defense, Says  MktwHulbert  CVS  SJM  Walmart 
WalMart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
 Walmart  TGT:

Target Asks Suppliers to List Ingredients in Sweeping Overhaul:


Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 25  AA  AEO  AKS  PKG  RIG  DISH  KATE  JCOM  ONVO  EXC  Walmart
Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond:  KO  PEP  MCD  Walmart  KSS  LYB  STX WDC
On The Fly: Top five analyst initiations  Walmart  CL  SYY  CRI  AEO 
 Walmart:

Opinion: You can count on China reacting to Trump with its own big …:


Wednesday's Upgrades/Downgrades  AA  AKS  CTL  COH  H  JBLU  LUV  RIG  VZ  Walmart 
 CAT  MSFT  Walmart  DIS:

Building a Board Game Empire on Disney’s Shoulders:


 daytrading  investing Wednesday's Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades Part 2 
 JBLU  LUV  RIG  VZ  Walmart 

Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Boosts Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Today's  HOT  Whisper  Walmart  SHY  GOVT  USO 
looking at diff candles this morn, see what  WFC  CSCO  BoeingBoeing  AG  Walmart  GLW do. candles all say go up
Wal-Mart Stores initiated by Wells Fargo & Company at market perform.  Walmart  Walmart
Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart on Weakness on Analyst Downgrade 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Price Target Cut to  70.00 
Soon to be exCEO of Sam's Club Roz Brewer joining Starbucks board, as are Lego exec and  MSFT CEO  wmt 
Commented on Buying Opportunity Brewing In Dollar General  AMD  Walmart  DG
Buying Opportunity Brewing In Dollar General  AMD  Walmart  DG
Dividend Reinvestment Plans: A Guide to DRIPs  MORN  HDV  SCHD  VIG  PFE  XOM  MSFT  IBM  JNJ  Walmart  MCD  AMTD  ETFC 
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart Dumps Unwanted Staff, Draws Praise From Trump:


Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Shares Sold by Focused Investors LLC 
 Walmart Pot. consolid in Uptrend LONGERTERM Wly-Dly-Hly combo chart  trading  stocks 
 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:1.13% Weekly:-1.49% YTD:-2.49% Trend:35 / 100  
Is That Company A Price Taker Or A Price Maker?  Walmart  AMZN
100 Baggers: Stocks That Return 100-to-1 and How To Find Them:  Apple  MCD  Walmart  TSLA  MSFT  KO  HD  AMZN  IBM  GE
Buckle up  SNE  SONY will triple this year to  100 for each  ADR  NYSE  NIKKEI  PREMARKET  Apple  FB  MSFT  AMZN… 
 SNE  SONY Sony's New Action Cameras May Be Better Than  GPRO Go Pro Models  nikkei  Apple… 
 ivanthek Trumphole  20 billion building 50' wall Everyone stops in local  Walmart n buys a 51' ladder made in China Trump Adm=Duh Central!
 Walmart to lay off 200 e-commerce staffers in California,part of a round of job cuts  
Conceding to  AMZN's superiority
 Walmart  COST:

Target Got Flushed, Strong Buy Under  66:


 Walmart is in Stochastic Oversold  winning 61.54% in the past. 
 Walmart is in Morning Star winning 100.00% in the past. 
Initiated long  Walmart last week at 66.93 1/5 size  PRCDividendStrategy
Wal-Mart Stores's hold rating reiterated at Argus.  Walmart  Walmart
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Earns “Hold” Rating from Argus 
 Walmart  TSLA Great educational lesson here 
Real Estate Investing: How to Flip a House as a Real Estate Investor:  realestate  HD  Walmart  SPY  LL  DE
For 25 dollars up stocks 
 IWM
 X
 C
 JPM
 MS
 XLE
 Walmart
 XOP
 SU
 STX
 MPC
 BP
 ETP
 DD
 CVX
 STLD
 MGM
Nice bottom
 subzerohedge  Apple is now the  Walmart of tech, so YES EPS growth is fx of margin not sales growth - crush ur suppliers to sustain multiple.
