I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 effineli it's ran through a separate app, and walmart has been doing it for damn near a year already lol. it pays good tho
Enter to  win  100 Gift Card  bhglivebetter  bhg  walmart 
Walmart's core strategy for beating Amazon at this logistics game:
Offer better shipping fees/discounts if they ship to your nearest Walmart
Will an in-store pickup discount give Walmart an edge over Amazon? – RetailWire 
Competition Between  Walmart and  amazon To Increase Next Week!

 getwreckedjihan A creepy old tried asking me out in a Walmart parking lot once and I had to lie and tell him I'm 16 lmao
New on Ebay!Star Wars in the USA Star Wars The Black Series EMPEROR'S ROYAL GUARD Figure Walmart Exclusive 3.75"… 
Our students were loving their balloons from Walmart Findlay - Tiffin Ave for our birthday!!
This the third lady that done ran up on me in the parking lot at Walmart talking about she ran out of gas this month..
Not interested in engaging racist, bigots; go get a library card; job training, get a life. Might move up from Walm… 
 supershayne chanel vs walmart 
i love walmart 
 Englebrightfarm You been to the Walmart ! Haha
You go to Walmart to grab a few things and come out spending  100+ 
 FoxNews  SenSchumer  POTUS Chucky what did u do about China 4 past 20 yrs? NOTHING! When you achieve something tal… 
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
finna start working probably at Walmart
Cops: Pottersville Man Shoplifted At Walmart's - 
If nobody saw me at Walmart, then I wasn't there. 
I'm politely going back to Walmart in august 😂
The Hidden Beauty of a Walmart Store via  theatlantic
Go to Walmart around noon and tell me you still have faith in this country.
 kitten_mouse  Brian_is_a_heel  TheStreet this will only be test Walmart can't handle it  JS
You can't have designer taste with Walmart cash
So finish gym mode and heading to Walmart. I need to buy food for tomorrow work potluck.
I went to Walmart asking for electrolytes and she took me to the hardware section😑
 Double_Dsss Walmart lol
 Walmart’s  ecommerce Future under Marc Lore Starting to Come Together  retail 
Walmart adding 'pickup discount' to 1M online-only products via the  FoxNews Android app
Chanel vs Walmart 
tbh I want a glass case like a mega weeb but they don't have those at walmart
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Concepts Women's Power Pants w/ Elastic Band for  4 + pickup at Walmart - 
Win a year's supply of  tide  downy  bouncefresh from  walmart via  jessicanturner 
Someone please buy me this! Cedar Log 5' Outdoor Yard Swing  ad  summer
 HappyEarlyBirthdayToMe 🎂🎉🎈🎁walmart online.  Tangled  Rapunzel 🏰 
What's the worst job yall have had? Mines is Walmart smh
Walmart cashiers are fucking slow.
I could stop by walmart on the way home after my shift and pick up a shelf
I don't spend a lot of money at expensive places, but when it comes to Walmart, Dollar Tree & Target (semi-expensive) I can't control myself
Walmart Online: Hop To IT! 
SHE AT GIG.ME NOT SEEN MY WALMART DIAMONDS .SHE FAMILY DOLLAR STUDS.   THEY HATE HER LEVEL IN LIFE 100 MINE - O.
Which is probably why, in having an account, dying & resurrecting in this one, both my top tweets had to do with Walmart
Daggumbit is my go to saying when they are out of donuts at the Walmart deli.
Pioneer Woman Kitchen Curtain and Valance Set for  14 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Lakin_Olivia  Walmart should of went to  HEB
My  ATLHawks FANS are in the building here at  Walmart  Lawrenceville 1400 Lawrenceville… 
Replacing my  80 shoes I've worn for the last 4 years with a  10 pair from Walmart because they physically hurt to walk in.
 KANUCS You cant love both you gotta either love walmart shirts or this has to be one
The one time I come to Walmart looking super gross they're a ton of hot dude
  Walmart w Kenz & I bagged everything in one bag....
The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays - Food & Drug Conference via  nuzzel thanks  NOLAbug38
Really wish my bff wasn't in class so she could go to Walmart with me 🙄  3Katestempek
 averagecollect2 Only  15 on their website! 😨
 407jess stupid walmart
Just seen the cutest boy ever! Lol and he works at my local Walmart 😉 .
Just got called a bitch by the guy working in the deli at  Walmart because HE messed up and gave me the wrong cheese, so we left it there.
I went to Walmart just to spend Dylan's hour break with him because I'm gonna miss him so much the next 2 days. 😭
Apparently the majority of the nighttime workers in our Walmart are gay and that makes me so happy.
 carsostrich so what you're really telling me is that there is a war brewing between McDonald's and Walmart
Come, come, watch this 13 minute review of Walmart brand “purified drinking water” vs “spring water” with me 
 EdAsante77  ShannonSharpe 

Dez Bryant 😂😂😂😂😂
They find him beating women in Walmart parking lot again say it aint so.
Okay someone needs to take me to Walmart like now
Can someone take me to Walmart tomorrow to finish Easter shopping for José ☺️
Need one of those walmart wedding rings so dudes stop flirting with me at work 🙄😂😭
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
 dejjgotti finna take this pregnancy test🤷🏾‍♀️ lol nahh nothing finna go to Walmart Wyd
"a single Walmart Supercenter is estimated to cost taxpayers between  904,542 and  1.74 million per year in public… 
 Lauren_Alaina I will be picking up my Green LED bulb from  Walmart during my next visit there.
Tired to take a pic of mine & Harms asses in the mirror at Walmart but we didn't fit. 😎
Finish gym mode and now heading to gnc and then Walmart. Tomorrow is our work potluck. So I need to grab some stuff.
 bernielove1969  Prospectiveusa1  AwakenOne16  SecretaryCarson  RealBenCarson  LynnePattonHUD  realDonaldTrump Did… 
 Okbabyyt Walmart, target or Kmart?? 💓  snapfamq
 kevinapimentel Oh we bet he is excited!  Are you backyard camping or going to the woods or beach? -Cath
I miss Walmart
At Walmart  FHSTag2k17
 moldyclay Same, waiting for Amazon or at least Walmart.
1) go to Walmart
2) go to the grocery store
3) clean the condo 
4) make stuff for the picnic 
5) gym
6) WAIT FOR APEY TO COME BoeingCK
Random lady told me my smile was beautiful today I almost proposed in the middle of Walmart
 SimonDrax  TalesTimestream  atreides_child I'll be sure to keep my eyes open, not that I'll be visiting a US Walma… 
 BringHomeHappy with  DreamWorksTrolls Party Edition! 2 Bonus Music Videos exclusively at  Walmart. 
Walmart partners with  JD.com to launch Asda in  China  
mine is going to be me standing in the ice cream aisle of walmart holding chinese food and ben & jerry's looking em… 
Fammmmm. I'm about to go to mf Walmart. 
Walmart is getting creative in its battle against Amazon 
Por ejemple (🙅): "where are you going after this? Are you going home? To walmart? School? A concert? What? Where are you going?"
nasty walmart pharmacy worker in Aelphia Arkansas Sta 
Decided to try Golden Corral with 11 tonight.JEEZUS H. It's worse than Walmart in here!!! don't you think you'd leave room for fat people?!?
 yrndj Ik u live by Walmart n stuff but we was supposed to 1v1 but we Never dud
 nightflurry If you're using off-the-shelf sour cream from your local Walmart, you're doing it wrong. No questions. 
Our app team is hard at work!  Talk about perfection!  Download it and shop!

 gschrank Write yourself a check and take it to like walmart and pay them  5 to cash it?
I will buy all my money orders from  tvfcu after  10 money order  snafu with  Walmart and  MoneyGram.
im goin to walmart anyone need anything???
Walmart laying off more people, retailers laying off and filing for bankruptcy left and right. Small business confi… 
Just saw a woman in walmart open multiple bags of grapes and grab a handful from each...
Walmart: FREE BIC Razors -  deals  coupons 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Tampa, FL 
Dark walmart
 RealSardonicus  TalesTimestream  atreides_child COMING TO WALMART SOON
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lincoln, IL 
Right on,  Walmart! These hybrid solar/storage energy projects at retailer sites are awesome. 
 TomthunkitsMind Oh yeah, small business are her specialty! EAT THEM UP like Walmart!
T-Mobile has quietly ditched the best deal in wireless plans — but there’s still a workaround |… 
Our  NRA World: Shot accidentally fired in TX  Walmart hits light fixture. It happens.  GunFreeZone  KagroX 
I went to Walmart to get makeup remover and hummas and I left with 50 dollars of groceries hahaha why am I like this
I been missing Church fucking With Walmart
Oh wow I'm TOTALLY gonna get a Switch just for the new Monopoly game.It's not like I can buy a Monopoly board for  10 at Walmart or anything
Without kids, who is gonna take care of you when Republicans dismantle Social Security & you're too old to push car… 
I dropped my McDonald's on Walmart floor😩😩😩
Dying in Walmart
I won't buy money orders from  Walmart or  MoneyGram. Have  10 money order I bought but Walmart won't refund Money Gram needs 15 to process.
 gopamnc Did either hat hop in your cart and go home with you? Love them both, it would be hard to choose which, -Cath
Pate asked me what birthday gift I would like & I said

"You know those  5 flower bouquets from Walmart? That'll do."💐🌻

It's simple guys
Fuck Walmart....
 ari3lb Lmao you make it sound like that's sum you go buy from walmart.
COPS AT WALMART
 muliebris I WAS WRONG?! Lol. I did a year at Walmart and 6mos at Kmart. Hated both.
This lady really called me home to go to walmart with her 😕
fuck. i need to go to either walmart or ulta.
 TheDanOMalley just go to Walmart and get some Wranglers!!!!
Saw 3 dogs sitting outside Walmart waiting for their owners & all I could think of was Zerina & how she'd be well happy sitting with them 🤗
WALMART IS A PLAYGROUNG 
Walmart Offers Cheap When People Want Easy - Bloomberg Gadfly  ecommerce  digital 
 vbretm Bet lots of WalMart employees shop on Amazon!
Walmart promises new online deals in price war with Amazon 
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime: Amazon's yearly Prime… 
people be smelling so bad at this walmart
 Amirhooperrr Walmart
 muliebris Probably Walmart, like me.
I cant lie, I did not care for the outcome
VIDEO: Drunk Man Confronts Former MMA Fighter With Unexpected Results

Time for some shopping..who wants to join me at WalMart?  walkalong  eggdrp 
Just stepped out of an  Walmart had the best customer service I had in a long time period at least 14 year's in visiting a Walmart 😒😨🌝
My little sister said she wants her 5th job to be a cashier at Walmart so she can ask how people's day were 😭
Walmart’s E-Commerce Future under Marc Lore Starting to Come Together 
Very impressed. 
Ziploc Vacuum Sealer Clearance ~ 10 Around Me, RUN!
Go Here -->> 
 Walmart It doesn't say
the workers from walmart straight up jus called me they white shawtty😐
stranger at Walmart just coughed in my face, so I've probably only got two, maybe three, days to live.
 bernielove1969  Prospectiveusa1  AwakenOne16  SecretaryCarson  RealBenCarson  LynnePattonHUD  realDonaldTrump If U… 
I hate Walmart but I'm not classy enough for target
Cedar hill walmart stresses me out
It's not Walmart salad -- it's from dole or whatever company sells salads. Js 
 Walmart can you guys tell me what isle is the caramel ?
Walmart greeter ih-35 north
I literally freaked out on my mom today at Walmart because she was holding Bentley and I couldn't find her in the store 😅
Damn I gotta go to Walmart
Walmart cashiers: *mostly grunts*
Target cashiers: *sass and snark and everything fun*
In case you needed another reason to shop there.
 WestCoastSoles Nyc don't have Walmart lol
 TrumpTaxMarches  taxmarch If you are interested, the shirt is sold at Walmart and Is made in America. It is only  … 
Walmart doing microgrids, Trina launches bifacial PERC solar panel, more


Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
 Walmart  walmarthelp WHERE IS MY PACKAGE?     Ughhhh order on Sunday 2 day free shipping and it's still not here and no one will help me
 ChiTownBoeing Yes it is. And we better hope all the WalMart buyers never become Amazon buyers.
 DetroitGuap_ bape and some shit you can buy at walmart ? 😂😂😂
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Haul
 Peaugh You should check out Walmart. 
Enter to win a  100 Walmart Gift Card (18 winners) via Couponing 4 You - HOT GIVEAWAY ALERT!! ... 
Enter to win a  100 Walmart Gift Card (18 winners) via Couponing 4 You - HOT GIVEAWAY ALERT!! ...... 
The most peace I've experienced all day was sitting by myself in Walmart parking lot eating zaxbys... Happy Humpday :/
 Just4Kicks212 I use to get all my champion gear at Walmart when i was a kid lol
Jay rammed the shopping cart into my   Achilles' tendon at Walmart and hoooomygawd. I don't think I yelled FUCK loud enough.
What's FREE At WalMart! FREEbies AND Money Makers! via Dian's Daily Deals -  Don’t Miss Any ... 
 CampingIn4Words going to your WalMart
Saying goodbye before maternity leave. 
5th grader: Maybe I'll see you at Walmart sometime. I saw Mr. Broughton at Kohl's once.
 jedrlee Look up Key from SHINee. You look like the generic Walmart version of him.
Went to Walmart in yoga pants and a t-shirt and got mistaken for an employee 🙂
I freakin hate Walmart 🙄
 makimakiuwu bro im gna visit every walmart in my area wtf
Why not give inaba a try we got
Walmart
Brother bear
Ugly man
Keep your 👀on this space More coming  at the SC on MICRO-GRIDS 6/17  washingtondc  energyefficiency  solar  green  
 HeroProc  Wario64 Yes...so far Corrin Player 2 is listed on Amazon...so im expecting Best Buy, GameStop, or Walmart will get an exclusive.
Delray Mass Cane Plant with 10" Pot for  10 + pickup at Walmart - 
not ready for my nephew to be 1 if he's gonna be crying like these badass kids in Walmart 😂😩
Walmart, Safeway, Others Large Corporations Unplugging From Unreliable Power Grid 
Going Walmart & getting food 😊
Win a  25 Walmart GC + a copy of HEIDI over  thereviewwire! Ends 4/16  HeidiFilm  movies 
 FortuneMagazine Walmart is stepping up to the plate making good things happen. Great store. Good idea.
 IMADOWHATYOUDO Have you heard the results yet?  Be sure to let us know. -Cath
Flexible Flyer Teeter Twirl -  29.97: Walmart offers Flexible Flyer Teeter Twirl for  29.97. ... 
!  GaryLachman Hope you got paid. Walmart & Swiffer used 1 Way or Another. Debbie & Nigel wrote it but they're using Blondie performance.
Me inside Walmart w/ my pitt😂🖕🏼 
If u feel bad about yourself walk around glenburnie Walmart for a couple minutes
Watched 2 Walmart employees flick their cigarette butts on the ground in front of the store 🙄  gross  dothatoutback
Maybe I'll hit up a walmart in San Diego to pick up my copy
WALMART APPA.💕
I've never wanted to quit Walmart more than I do today lmao
 UnwrittenCountrySongs

"I Beat My Wife and Bought a Wifebeater at the Local Walmart"
 realDonaldTrump As Walmart announces another massive lay-off. Retailers are going down. Where are all these jobs?
ya mcm just dm'd walmart askin how many retweets for a stick of deodorant
Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping 
 HornyFacts lol because they're Hanes undershirts, and you can get them from Walmart 😂
 Nice  Toys  Marvel Legends  Marvel'S FALCON 6"  Figure Walmart  CaptainAmerica Ci  Kids… 
 JesssicaLouise_ Cause Walmart niggas know your intentions
 Joseph640 this is at walmart plz buy it
 GlobalBC Of course.  The guy standing under the loose Walmart sign for three days is green with envy
Walmart is cutting jobs while Amazon is hiring. Doesn't sound like Walmart is winning.

Walmart has 50 cash registers but only 2 are open 😑😑😑
Update your home with a  50  Walmart gift card from  MonicaBenavidez &  BHGLiveBetter:  
I learned a whole lot more how to do my job in 3 days at this class then I have ever learned 10 months working at Walmart in silver.
I'm at  Walmart_br in Belo Horizonte, MG 
Shop Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime: Amazon's yearly Prime… 
Now you can buy Beardilizer products at  Walmart. Look for the best name in beard care at your local store or visit… 
Adorable girl that kept making eye contact with me working at Walmart near the self checkout
Best full rss feed converter  blogger  WordPress | Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts…
 IMADOWHATYOUDO When will you hear the results?  We will be watching, too! -Cath
 pkdiablo  OriginalFunko Walmart never gets the exclusives here
Our 10" Quad Core Tablet comes with Android 5.1 Lollipop installed, providing a sleek, intuitive experience!… 
Ummm, no thanks Walmart. After this, you can keep all of the salad 👌
 wwjoshdew  AnkerOfficial My walmart doesn't have these, why...
Walked out of Walmart to some guy was yelling at a lady saying "You're a worthless cunt" damn. Poor lady doesn't deserve that. Ruthless af.
Walmart gets on my nerves they have like 100 people in line and like 2 registers open
some guy is hitting on tay at walmart, why can't he tell she's gay
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime 
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer 
 kenna_you_not They sell it in the walmart 👅
 IngrahamAngle  WSJ Good I can still shop at Walmart.
how y'all got beef with the walmart on fletcher when there's an auntie anne's in it
Everytime I go to Walmart there's always a couple screaming at each other and an old lady trying to run me over with her cart 😑
 goIdsoo I still remember this time in Walmart 5 years ago when a group of young women called me beautiful and "glowing"
FDA Finds Majority of Herbal Supplements at GNC, Walmart, Walgreens, And Target Don’t Contain What They Claim –... 
This old man at Walmart told me I looked good and I had the biggest panic attack ever
I'm already going for two years working at Walmart and I'm really debating wether to put in my two weeks notice or not 😩☹️
sdmittedly I've never be n very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Could any 1 of the 4 girls that rolled up to my truck, hollering at me at the Walmart stop light, see this tweet and hmu? Y'all were hot🔥
Walmart please don't take all my money 🙄
 Daddyof2kiddos We will be watching to see who is lucky with this.  Wednesdays are great days! -Cath
Aliya called Walmart to get matches and I told her she should've just went to a corner store and she said what's that? Walgreens?💀
Happy  easter ! It is great time to catch up  special opportunities with  Walmart ! 
Deals: Baby Trend Expedition Jogger Stroller, Millennium  49.88 (
I need motivation to get up and go to Walmart. This is serious. Out of coffee.
Only in Warren, PA do you see an Amish buggy in the Walmart parking lot with a kayak strapped to the top of the carriage.
 NesquikUSA  cassandradolick Soooo what if she had great value from  Walmart do you condone this?
Walmart’s E-Commerce Future under Marc Lore Starting to Come Together | Supply Chain 247 
Was wondering when I'm gonna get my life together, then I saw two guys in the car next to me at Walmart eating tuna fish out of a can
 realDonaldTrump Changes? Manafort becomes a foreign agent. Flynn has resigned. TrumpCare? Walmart has cut over a 1… 
I liked a  YouTube video Top 15 HILARIOUS People Of Walmart Stories
"IM REE DRUMMOND!!! Pioneer dishes" At your local Walmart today  Jenna_Marbles  JennaJulienPod  JulienSolomita 
 FoxNews  POTUS Awesome, Walmart stays in business, I thought for sure he was going to make us buy American 💩
Walmart to discount online-only items delivered to stores 
Got it! Walmart.... 😜 
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 BrunusCutis  Tiffany1985B  jennyleesac30 We all have to die of something!

(Walmart cooties doesn't sound too fun, though)
You don't need money to have fun. You just need Nico and a WalMart basket.  GodIsGood 
 bcuxo stupendously faded at Walmart
I won the  Walmart lottery today. A cashier just opened his lane as I walked by, 0 waiting time.  FTW
 MultiversalQ  theisb  chadbowers 13) Where do they keep the biodegradable lawn trash bags at Walmart and which X-M… 
Walmart: Cottonelle Flushable Wipes – Only  .48 (After Ibotta) 
I need to go to Walmart when I get off
-- will get more when I go to Walmart. My poor stomach <:(
I hate Walmart, but I figured I'd be safe making keys at the kiosk there. I was wrong! 
Baby Trend Snap-N-Go EX Universal Infant Car Seat Stroller  34.88 ~ Walmart or Amazon (0 replies)
Download Ossys  …… 
 BenBajarin From their perspective, if Walmart don't eat their own lunch, someone will & they have allowed Amazon t… 
BREAKING: New Study Finds 95% of Americans Shop at  Walmart. 
I just hiccuped so loud in Walmart everyone just looked at me and laughed 😂
feeling ready at Walmart Sebring 
- Baby Trend Expedition Jogger Stroller, Millennium  49.88 (
 TheFunnyTeens Some employee said this to me at Walmart once
Which means Amazon might get the Corrin alternate. That leaves Target, Walmart and Gamestop for the other two.
 UnwrittenCountrySongs divorce papers at Walmart
Last stop Walmart
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Manchester, CT 
❤❤❤ KatyPerry  Fashion KATY PERRY - California Gurls - WALMART  CD w/ HOT N COLD Yelle REMIX! Snoop  Bestseller…… 
Stack-On 22-Drawer Storage Cabinet w/ Two 10-Compartment Storage Boxes  9 at Walmart 
So according to Walmart, only women wear scrubs... I feel this is some sort of misandry
No ma'am! Heading to Walmart, what's up? 
I went to Walmart and I did buy a single piece of makeup. Talk about strength
If I lived in Clinton I would have to switch from sprint cause service is ass especially in Walmart
Walmart be killing me with the 4 registers open in the middle of the day shit.
 Russellsbitch Gift yourself with a trip across the pond so you can enjoy shopping with us.  We'd love to have you here. -Cath
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Haul Canadian Style
 caromeldrum One for the Walmart gallery.....
You're back to where you belong when you fight with an Alabama fan in Walmart over touching an auburn shirt
 parisjellie I looked at Walmart & nothing. I'll have to check somewhere else
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime 
Idk what would be worse working in Walmart for all eternity or being completely paralyzed from the waist down
Should I buy a paci at Walmart 🤔🤔🤔
Im gonna die in this walmart trying to get my glasses fixed
How can we forget  walmart or  amazon
 kpimarketing
 mitchJoel  spotev
Celebrate spring and enter to  win a  25 Walmart gift card  giveaway!  
2017-04-12 17:38 EDT | NY | RIVERHEAD |**MVA**| 890 OLD CTRY RD IFO WALMART | MVA CAUSING DELAYS USE CAUTION |... 
My dad and I are in Walmart and he told me to catch the gallon of milk he had and he fucking overhanded it and now there's a mess on isle 5
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart I would love to win, thanks for the chance!
In line at Walmart regretting not getting that bottle of roscato..
I'm on the Easter candy aisle at Walmart, and this woman here is reading labels to her 3(ish) year old daughter,... 
Aquafresh Toothpaste for  0.92 at Walmart with Coupon 
Aquafresh Toothpaste for  0.92 at Walmart with Coupon... 
Never worked at Walmart
Dear Hockey Jobu:

I can't offer you Molson and poutine, but I can offer you a roach and some walmart tequila... is that cool with you?
At Walmart Canada.... this 5 cent a bag bullshit... 
Surprised it wasn't filmed at the Cookeville Walmart parking lot tbh 
I messed around and spent  30 on makeup from Walmart! Wasn't even high end makeup lol
Heard at walmart from a lady over 40 on her cell.."I'm not going cray cray on it"
 walmart spill noticed
Went to Walmart and didn't get makeup. Got heathy and snack food 🙃
I have a love hate relationship w/ Walmart and that's all I'm saying
I had to tell a crazy woman at Walmart that she needed to calm down when she started swearing!… 
 theblaze Absolutely. It always bothered me that businesses use cops for their dirty work. Walmart is the worst.
 AldiUSA Great idea to remodel the Rockingham NC store at Easter time. Loved seeing all the empty shelves! Had to go to  Walmart to shop 😡
going back to the store for: 
i never realize how pretty i am until i go to butler walmart
 Jazrayan They sell some at Walmart though 😂
jordan just fucking scalped me in walmart because i tried to buy something
Battle shits with a stranger in the Walmart bathroom  RiseToTheOccasion
If you're having a bad day I just want you to know I got denied buying a rated R movie at WalMart because I didn't have my ID
creepy fun fact: a taylorville cashier has informed me that coffins can be purchased at free shipping
never did morgan and i just go into the boys bathroom and everyone at walmart stare at us...
There was a spill I noticed in  walmart store..
Win  10 WalMart Gift Card
Spring in our Step Blog Hop Giveaway
 giveaway,  giveaways,  frogreviewsandramblings… 
WALMART Deal Alert! Dulcolax FREE + MM after printable coupon & cash back!

[walmart] Galaxy S7 Edge Sm-g935f Black Piano Single Chip Android 6.0 4g Wi-fi 128gb (Parcelado!!)... 
Interesting isn't it. Yet, they all compared Trump to Hitler and it was acceptable. They need to install brain scan… 
Free Gain Flings 42 Count at Walmart - Run!! - 
I really have to stop singing along to the country songs in gas stations. People always give me the "go back home to Walmart" look.
 PrisonPlanet If anyone thinks they will get 15 dollars an hour. Every thing will done by robots. Stocking shelves… 
Wal-Mart to discount 1 million online items picked up in stores 
22 Drawer Storage Compartment + Bonus Storage Containers Just  9 
I need to go to Walmart & dollar tree my favorite stores like my kids say😩🤣🤣
Walmart never got fucking lanes open. I always gotta go to self check out
 reasonswhyiloveclarksville i just witnessed a robbery at walmart
I walked into Walmart expecting to buy just one thing.. I spent 87 bucks. 😭😂😂 smh.
Saw a man in Walmart who looked exactly like my dad and had flashbacks of when I ran up to a man who I thought was my dad but wasn't. 😂
If you can't shop at the walmart on fletcher, you're a little bitch
go 2 walmart and get the same shit 
I can see why Walmart can't keep associates smh 🙄🙄🙄🙄😐
The people of walmart disturb me.
I may not be shit to some people..but this i know. I'm a damn good mama! I got so excited about getting a t shirt dress from  Walmart..Idc
I'll support black businesses when they support my pockets. I don't got  65 for a single tshirt when one from Walmart is only  5
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Oklahoma City, OK 
 AmazonHelp I cannot wait! Walmart and Target here I come!!!
Walmart is rolling out a new discount for e-commerce that will be challenging for Amazon to beat.  domains 
 lisarinna I really don't get it I see better looking girls at Walmart  realtalk
Shopping at the AUC Walmart is like walking through a club.
 Samantha_V1077 Every Walmart I go too... 🙄 I'm surprised, nobody has said anything to me. I have a Warriors lanyar… 
Someone take me to Walmart please
PSA: Walmart and BK don't have power either, so save your gas 😂
Walmart's pickup discount a gamechanger? A check of exact same sample items on Amazon proves it may be the case  wmt
 patminer73 Because you're a Walmart wolverine troll that is obsessed with MSU!
This shows how completely uninformed consumers continue to dig their own holes using their own dollars. Walmart's p… 
 PrisonPlanet They're getting their first Walmart.
High expectations are the key to everything.' –Sam Walton, Walmart Founder
 truthglow  rosevine3  TheGOPJesus  VirginiaInCal  LLaws2  kavn  IRTKGMO  kierobar  jelo1317  p_staatz Thank goodne… 
Yo  Walmart, you got 26 lanes (not including self checkout) but y'all only rolling with 9 open lanes...🤔
"Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping" via TechCrunch 
Old man Rob  WalmartLog  mmccool24  htagblackoutpod  justintime_jnt  mixedfeelingspc   Walmart… 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  ecommerce  socialmediamarketing  success  sales  smal…
 richardlorello Entire office building at corner of Edgeley. Small business strip before portage. They need to rip… 
"Walmart will give you a discount if you pick up your online order from a Walmart store" via Mashable! 
Walmart’s E-Commerce Future under Marc Lore Starting to Come Together - Supply Chain 24/7 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  ecommerce  digital 
The Sneaky New Way You Can Save a Ton of Money at Walmart via  countryliving
Take something from Walmart directly to customer service and say u wanna return it with no receipt for store credit? 
Why would a stranger take a photo of a child at Walmart?  Like a 35mm photograph on film?  Wtf is that??
 RealDanHensley How about you give him   10 to go buy new ones at Walmart and tell him to return those. Would bette… 
Walmart run 🚗
This my favorite song from  AmericanRebelution, available now here: and at  Walmart 
Ok folks I was down to one last Walmart lil pie, Apple...

It was  Delicious2 and I don't even like Apple pie...

S… 
 JordynClark1 Walmart runs af
Top story: Walmart will give you a discount if you pick up your online order fr… see more 
I haven't been to Walmart in 3 months and I literally feel excitement about going right now. What is this
Every Walmart can SUCK IT
WALMART SHOPPING HAUL // WHY DOES MY TEETH HURT?? via  YouTube
Just get a job at Walmart duh? 
 bl00dsh0teyes Literally. This Walmart is going to get a piece of my mind later on.
WTF Walmart?! 
Vo5 Anti-Frizz Shampoo Or Conditioner Just  0.59 At Walmart! 
When to the Walmart out short pump & was like wtf.
3 Pack of Star Wars Rogue One Rebel Figures  8.25 (Was  20) via SwagGrabber - Walmart has the Star ... 
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime | |  Iran
Walmart gone learn one day about them self checkouts
Now my mom has him in Walmart I'm done lmfao 
Drunk Man Confronts Former MMA Fighter Outside a Walmart, With Unexpected Result | Bleacher Report 
Was leaving Walmart w Melvin & this guy bluntly asks if he's my bf & I said yes and he said "well I'm single & here if you need a new one"
Kmart so trash.  it don't wanna be walmart and it cant be target shit reminds me of a shart
Ortega Taco Seasoning Mix Just  0.23 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Ortega Taco Seasoning ... 
Vo5 Anti-Frizz Shampoo Or Conditioner Just  0.59 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Vo5 ... 
 abc13houston I'd spend more to avoid going to Walmart
 _oddria Walmart girl
Really don't feel like going to Walmart, anybody wanna go for me?
😄 2 things I saw at  Walmart cactus hat & french fry hat 🌵🌵🍴🍟🍟 
Helped out another Walmart customer, and an employee offered me a job. Thank you but thank you, I already have 2 jobs 🙂
I liked a  YouTube video 24 HOUR CHALLENGE IN WALMART! (How to Get Banned From Walmart!)
 _iCatfish MANE I SWEAR THIS THE PROJECTS OF WALMART LMAO
I don’t see no spiral-sliced lamb in the Walmart this time of year 
 nmanaloto  jholtzman  AARP  innovationat50  VentureValkyrie  JoAnn_Jenkins  CatchTheBaby  sanjaykhurana  adrane… 
 jashapiro I love my pets but I would definitely get their insulin   Walmart! Wife and kid? Not so much.
Probably gonna go to Walmart and make my own Easter basket with candy and beer
 iWalkLess When did Walmart start selling chicken paws?
Hey, Walmart! via  YouTube
God bless her and her son ❤🌞😇💋👍⛪❤ AMEN XOXOXOXOXOXOXO 
Walmart is the true enemy. "I'm just gonna buy some shampoo." 3 hrs later, so you gonna be able to deliver the beds and sofa tomorrow? Lmao
uses discounts for in-store pickups to fight Amazon  Walmart  eCommerce  SYNCDUP 
Lmao bruh Walmart workers never know where anything is
Saving money at Walmart could soon be as easy as going to a physical store instead of shopping completely online.… 
Me last night at Walmart 💀💀💀 Hot cheetos on sale I'm wid ittttt lol 
Walmart: LEGO Creator Ocean Explorer Only  10.97 OR LEGO Creator Propeller Plane Only  12.97 
No. move Demi to the Walmart side and move tay and sel to the Chanel side. Then it is a true statement 
 Yahoo  Walmart has a new program thats the opposite of Amazon Prime 
I liked a  YouTube video Scamming Homeless Family Busted At Walmart | Jason Asselin
Scamming Homeless Family Busted At Walmart | Jason Asselin via  YouTube
I liked a  YouTube video 5 Craziest People at Walmart (Tweakers, Weirdos and Lots of Cringe)
BRUH EVERY TIME A NIGGA COME IN WALMART THE MONEY CENTER BE DEEP WIT NIGGA THAT LOOK LIKE A GROUP OF PRISON ESCAPEES
 ZappaEnT  PlayStation  Twins  BertBlyleven28  Walmart Do you have anymore info on this? Time? Etc?
Sam Walton: Made In America by Sam Walton:  Walmart  COST  SHLD  walmart
All 4 skus are now available on Walmart.ca and in store from Ontario East  walmart  jumpingbean  coffee  kcup… 
Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon 
My mom got all dressed up to go to Walmart... 2 hours ago 🤔🤔🤔🤔
to the lady with a "life is precious" bumper sticker who nearly drove over a 3 year old in the walmart parking lot: do you understand irony?
"The Death of Walmart: Mom and Pop Are Back or Everything as a Service" by  SentiaSystems on  LinkedIn
currently inside the biggest DMV i have ever seen this shit is bigger than a walmart
 TrinidadHarris9 How about a little mayo to go with those tomatoes? -Cath
 SnoopDogg I see you Walmart Chino👍🏼
I Want to see  BradPaisley,  dustinlynch &  chasebryant  walmart_amp but everytime I try to buy 1 of the LAST 5 TICKETS....it won't let me!😔
Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon 
Ran into this girl at Walmart said she had her baby 6 months early...didn't even know that was possible
it's incredible how all I did was try to park at walmart and I'm in a significantly worse mood
I liked a  YouTube video Top 15 True FUNNY Walmart People Stories
Shakira Oral Fixation Tour - ... Apenas R 49.90 Acesse  TV  SmartTV   oferta  desconto… 
Ok so they are going to say that these amiibos are going to be hard to fiind, but then few monthes later you see like 100 of them at Walmart
You bet I'm going to have that really dorky family when I get older that matches their clothes everyday and takes Walmart trips together
Sheesh I don't care if I'm only 17. I don't need to be working at Walmart. Guess that's for me to change. 👀
this shirt is an XL from the Walmart clearance PAJAMA rack lol goth on a budget 🖤🤦🏼‍♀️ 
 Machovellian Venting about Walmart helps, let it out!
Wal-Mart's future under Marc Lore is starting to take shape  Walmart  AMZN  walmart  cnbc
Walmart security wanted to see my receipt via  YouTube
 BramptonTransit who was driving the 9:00a.m 199 UTM express bus on Monday April 10th 2017, tell them to meet me in the walmart parking lot
Never again will I print my invitations at Walmart. Freaking pain in the ass.
- Walmart Sales and discounts page check out all their sales updated daily!
Whoever has harry Hawkins they are at walmart
The mt pleasant walmart has had a switch on the shelf for 2 weeks now and man if I had the extra bunce he would be mine
 jennyleesac30 The other problem with this Walmart is that there isn't enough people habla-ing jibber jabber in ghe… 
 WalMart BluRay bin SCORE!  ArmyOfDarkness  GroovyBruce  EmbethDavidtz 
 jiwoo4real i thought you & dispatch loved me for being the great egg of seoul but today i have realized i am a wal… 
This guy literally just hit my car not once but twice &then got out &had the nerve to tell me there's stuff at Walmart I can buy to fix it.
Clover Leaf Flavored Tuna  cloverleaf  tuna  walmart
Walmart is trying to better compete with online leader Amazon. More: 
I hate going to the Florin walmart but like it's right next to the gym so it's convenient 🙄
Wanting on walmart too call me back 💪
walmart should sponsor me 
Need to go to Walmart 😭 but don't wanna go alone so I'll wait for Shawn 😂💛
 UKToyCollector We are happy you are here!  What differences are you finding in our stores? -Cath
 ShanLaShawn Not in the hood Walmart
Walmart's New Tactic To Further Compete With Amazon 
 goodbadugh Walmart is the move
Glad I'm not working at Walmart no more 👏
Walmart radio is the only thing that makes my job bearable
 LayScored Try Walmart
 NayaCutYoNails That bag is too big to hold the 2 shelves on products Walmart provides
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
Did y'all know you can shop online at Walmart website and pick up at their drive thru ? Yeap!
 UnwrittenCountrySongs
Mamas, don't let your babies buy TVs at Walmart. 
I need a new coffe pot. Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
Former UFC/Bellator Fighter Tom Deblass was confronted by drunk man at Walmart...he knows how to defuse a situation 
I TWEET FOR NIGGAS WHO TRIED TO SEND THE PLUG 25K THRU WALMART TO WALMART
Florida Man dresses as deputy and goes to WalMart 
"Pickup discount" -- Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat via  BI_RetailNews
 blacksmoke1033 Wooden Human Mannequins... 
I love Walmart 
 Tavon__Granison the crib boutta run to Walmart pull up after
Walmart trying to compete with Amazon on-line- really good prices - but only 1 person can check out at a time . . .
 TheSteelyHan Walmart!!! Thank you!
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 4/30/2017 
We did Groupon or Walmart photo collage fleece blankets & have done photo tote bags they can carry stuff in. Studen… 
Dr. Paul on Everything: WALMART 
 Walmart to offer discounts for ordering at home, picking up at the store - USA TODAY shopping  Amazon  
Stop setting yourself & your children up for a hard life. That Walmart salary is not cut out for single parents. RE… 
It REALLY bothers me to see parents wearing designer and their kids wearing Walmart shit. Wtf is up with that?!
Why is Walmart always crowded?
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart This would be great!!!!!  win  WalmartWednesday
My life is about as organized as the  5 DVD bin at Walmart.
Walmart's new anti-Amazon weapon offers cheap, but the world wants easy via  bfly
 SethHay  jasoninquires Best Buy, GameStop, and TRU are my bets. I don't think Target or Walmart will want to ever… 
Pack of black shirts please  WalmartLog  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
Who doesn't love freebies? Walmart beauty box is always packed with goodies. 
Walmart need to do better with their lines 😡
Hey  Safeway how about a price drop?  1.50 cheaper at Walmart. You know damn well parents have no choice. 
 HaloTopCreamery finally you're at  Walmart! Hopefully all the flavors arrive soon. I can't live without my Oatmeal Cookie 🍪 🥄😛😍
 MariaBecerra22  FATIMA35663231 Channel vs walmart ahre 
 jasoninquires Most likely. But who gets one of them? Best Buy, TRU, Walmart, GameStop
Trey: "I love Walmart, it has everything I need ... but why does it have apple cider vinegar?"
 TigerandDolphin  WAYNENTERPISE Fight me in Walmart !!!
Walmart now offers dental care in stores; Express lanes for people 5 teeth or less😬
 bellarain_23 Brb omw to Walmart & Micheals 😻
Wal-Mart will offer online shoppers a discount on orders picked up in stores  
 walmart new in town 
I'm doing this with number recognition.  Linnear I got the frogs at Walmart.
Fox 10 News viewers ID Walmart beer bandits 
 _tris10__ I got the little canvas at Walmart and the little easel at micheals !!
Yeah, 8-year-old Jonathan Martinez, a true American hero. Died for pencil-dicked morons' right to wave a gun around… 
10/10 would recommend to get nails done by Sharice at Walmart! She's super sweet, friendly, and she does amazing nail work!
I'm supposed to miss work and change my schedule to listen about some tweaker that robbed a Walmart or some bullshit. Fuck yourself
i gtg to walmart and then go to the circus w my family see ya shits later 
Dead Bat Discovered in Salad Mixes Prompts Recalls From Walmart - FORTUNE 
 TOYSPOTTING Walmart 
some dude at walmart asked me if i was drivin my boyfriend's truck, ha no i don't got one of them things 🙄
 PopcastPod Just started listening to this episode... and YES. Hate hate hate that Walmart Easter ad. Got me real r… 
 Eileen_Brown  gypsiny  DavidHaydnJones Our County is so small there's not a Walmart or hospital with-in the "lines… 
 amandaaalalala Walmart! Where the tofu is
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart I love decorative pillows and these totally scream SPRING!!   win  WalmartWednesday 
Meanwhile at Walmart 😂💀 
I was already at Walmart once today, but I literally need just two more things but I can't bring myself to go back
The Walmart on market that everyone & they mama be at is aggy asf
I don't get mad at Slow Walmart cashiers anymore because everyone is so sensitive to not hiring (everyone) let them work hard or you do it.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Westminster, CO 
1 Houston News Search Businesses (Walmart to offer discount for in-store pickup) Houston News & Search - 
Retail Outsourcing: Amazon vs. Walmart -  cloud  cloudcomputing  innovation - Follow me - 
I'm doing this with number recognition.  I got the frogs at Walmart.
Alert! There is a non service dog in the food section of Walmart. I repeat there is a non service dog in the food section of Walmart!
Maybe they are opening a new WalMart? 
Had me about to beef with the half of Walmart because a nigga wanna bust a nut and bitches couldn't keep my name out their mouth 😂🤷🏾‍♀️🙄
Went to the mall, TJ Maxx, and Walmart, and all I got out of it was a package of cosmic brownies.
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart This is awesome
PSA: Walmart's deli has wraps that are okay. But are a gamble. It could be really good, bad, or good but shitting your guts out later.
 MacAnndrais  BleacherReport yeah I was rocking reebok shaq's from Walmart (buddies) at his age.
Vo5 Anti-Frizz Shampoo Or Conditioner Just  0.59 At Walmart!


Here are some deals at Walmart this week! There aren't a whole lot of good ones this week, but there are a couple…… 
 taylormimbs_  KateMills1234 Lol , us at Walmart that night 💀💀
Walmart to offer discounts for store pickup 
Spring Minestrone Soup. I may have bought the veggies from Walmart because my farmers market is… 
Make up is a choice.  50 bras are a choice. You can go Walmart and buy a bra for  10. "4 for  10" is a basic white… 
I just had a sales associate make me take off my headphones to ask if I needed help so I'm going to have to burn this walmart to the ground
Only 3 found at Walmart 
One of the quickest ways to have your self-esteem lowered is saying Hi to the greeter at Walmart and they ignore you.
Another problem with this Walmart...

No.  I won't say it...
Why is it that my iron never wants to act wrong till im in walmart
I swear we don't got shit that come in a pack but Walmart panties and a few other things 😂 
We been in Walmart a hour, I'm ready to go sis!
Vo5 Anti-Frizz Shampoo Or Conditioner Just  0.59 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  conditioner  coupon  Coupons
It's Publix here and you go to Walmart for your beef and chicken????
Going to Walmart later to pick up a cheap camera to use for the stream. Will be live maybe tonight around 8-8:30.
 HealthcareWen  nmanaloto  jholtzman  AARP  innovationat50  VentureValkyrie  JoAnn_Jenkins  CatchTheBaby… 
me &  jakethegiant send our we hate walmart snaps to each other daily , when will it ever end 🙄🙈😭
I just told 2 little girls in Walmart that if they work hard at school every day they can grow up to eat candy bars for breakfast like me. 😂
Saw a guy at Walmart wearing a Dr. Pepper shirt, buying 2 cases of Dr. Pepper, and a Dr. Pepper to go. Man likes those 23 flavors
Aaaye where this walmart at ? 😂😂 
Tinkertoy 65-Piece Essentials Value Set for  15 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET 
 aprilpantall Learning new opportunities is really empowering, isn't it? -Cath
Thank you  drpepper for supporting YouTube and I'm going to go to every Walmart and buy all of there Dr.Pepper
 Walmart lol I love y'all 😂😂💯 Walmart the best 😌
 NbNando ok but honestly you can probably get sweatshirts and sweats like that at Walmart 😂
Walmart to offer discount for in-store pickup 
12 charged ring that ripped off Walmart, Lowe’s, Home Depot, deputies say 
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart So would love.
en walmart
I mean yeah maybe I could look nicer if my makeup wasn't from Walmart but here we are.
Our Business Story!  

From our humble beginnings as a small discount retailer in Rogers, Ark., Walmart has opened t…
 ecotools They're soo beautiful! Can't wait until they come to my city's Walmart!! 💋💖
New post: Walmart to offer more than 1m online items at STEEPLY discounted prices 
Girl yelling at bf in Walmart parking lot rn: you know what? Fuck you. I should be able to freak out however I want… 
Tinkertoy 65-Piece Essentials Value Set for  15 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  CNET  Gaming  Tech  News
I liked a  YouTube video  100 WALMART OUTFIT CHALLENGE!
Wal-Mart will offer online shoppers a discount on orders picked up in stores 
What will you be click and collecting from  walmart  retail on 19th April? 

Dear Walmart thank you for making my life miserable looking for things now. Stupid change
Swerves in Walmart parking lot to get Durag...😴New Cut who dis!! 
 makimakiuwu HOLY SHIT IM GOING TO WALMART TMR
 TheTMax26  TKnapp1028  Walmart  walmarthelp "Fiend will spot a fiend" 😂😂😂😂
 HappehCakes walmart brand arms and gucci brand arms..
Save it or spend it??

HOT GIVEAWAY ALERT!! Enter to win a  100 Walmart Gift Card! 18 Winners!  Giveaway

CLICK -->… 
*casually walking into Walmart fish section with fishing pole and tackle box*

ah yes, dinner and a snack
I normally won't bitch about subway but god damn the people at my Walmart/subway need to fucking learn how to make a sandwich.
The only problem with Walmart is that they don't have enough unmanned registers at the time every line is a half hour long.
I was given oversized plain Walmart shirts and knock off jerseys that lasted 5 years. This kid is out here with an… 
 RMFTreal a tomahawk missile for every strip mall and Walmart
Having a great time! These ladies have me in Walmart. Felicia join… 
So I think Tyson banned from this Walmart
I prefer Sam's over Walmart any day.
If she got that Walmart mirror leaning on the wall taking body pics she got sum good pussy 😭
 BlackPingther  Walmart  Walmart sells roofies and sex toys?
No jess for a couple hours with her daddy so WALMART SHOPPING FOR MEEEE
Just so there's no confusion: I am, in fact, pro-burn down your local Walmart
 elliorz Yooooo saw these at Walmart today 
 helwolves This Florida Walmart is wild
More  Walmart vs  Amazon 
but yet they did not have any season of the walking dead  Walmart i am offended because of this false advertisement 
 AmazonHelp You have the worst customer service! Bought from amazon warehouse deal, doesn't work, can't help me! Walmart here I come!
I'm in walmart 
Peep this  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
Tinkertoy 65-Piece Essentials Value Set for  15 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
Walmart to offer big discounts to web customers willing to go outside 
 abigailschraub  kyleofFISHal Is this the same fish that came into walmart that day? 
People at Walmart got weird booties
 mari0906  Smiley360 Walmart!
A woman at Walmart yelled "you know what? I'm too fly for this shit" at her boyfriend and slammed her car door. Love it.
Yes hello  Walmart I'm very unsatisfied with a purchase I made. Can you please help?
Reunited w/ my eldest sister and all three of us sisters are taking a trip to Walmart to fuck shit up. Nbd. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Amazon's yearly Prime subscription is supposed to be the ultimate in lazy shopping: pay an annual…  Tripp   Tagger
What’s FREE At WalMart! FREEbies AND Money Makers!


 nicksitton1 They were around the walmart area off of Perkins
found my childhood movie at walmart and I cried
"United Airlines Lego" special edition coming soon to a Toys R Us,Walmart,Target or any other store that carries... 
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Sweet!!! Thanks for the chance!!  WalmartWednesday
You talking about a belt? Walmart? 
To all the Muslims at Walmart !
Dump the Scarf ! 
Amazon is worth almost twice as much as Walmart via  CNNMoney
 Nickelodeon  Walmart Rip the switch
Me walking around the natural hair care products aisles in Walmart 
Tell  Walmart to STOP buying seafood from Canadian sealers! Sign   sealhunt 
PSA:// The parking lot at GC Walmart has ONE WAY DRIVE LANES. Can't stand people who don't know how to drive.
Just hanging with my bestie. Garden with  ecoscraps this spring! Who couldn't use an extra friend :).  Lowes,… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Las Vegas, NV 
Hi I'm at Walmart because I need a leash for my son?
I'm at McDonalds at Walmart 
Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat vía  BI_RetailNews
my favorite is walmart brand okita
there's a man at walmart who looks so much like Barack Obama, I miss my president 😭
I just got carded buying Neighbors at Walmart I'm dead 😭😭😭
Foul ! a freaking bat?really?.....how the hell does that happen? via  yesimright1
We are hiring, check out our jobs!!

Me on road trips, or just going to Walmart. I can fall asleep anywhere.  mypoorhusband… 
Chanel vs Walmart. (No hate just made this for fun) 
Aight so I'm in line at Walmart and this older lady taps me and asked for me to lean closer. I'm thinking I had an accident or something
Congratulations 1st grade Hueston Olivarez for being chosen as the March Perfect Attendance Winner! Enjoy your  25… 
 DJPaMCMa There's a family that does shitty videos of their kid opening the latest toys from walmart/target and the… 
Walmart to offer discounts for ordering at home, picking up at the store via  usatoday
 kelleighbannen loved the podcast with Derek. He's such a great guy. Also I've been slacking on the weekly Walmart thing in photography 👎🏻👎🏻
Who wants to come to Walmart with me ?❤️
This chick at Walmart scanned  40 worth of stuff and couldn't afford it so she left it all sitting there.  smh
 Jet and  Walmart give good <3!!
Walmart to Discount 1M Online Items—But There's a Catch: Walmart is losing the e-commerce… 
 AmiiboNews As long as none are Walmart. They are he worst with exclusives.
Dylan Minette is the Walmart brand Logan Lerman but I still love him.  Walmartgotsomesweetdealssometimes
I'm almost embarrassed by what I just bought for dinner at Walmart. But then again I'm so not.  frozenfoodeverything
 discountprice shopping wars continue between retailer giants. Will they take each other out?  smb  digitalmarketing
 AmourYannna Walmart ass out here sellin  300 batteries &  2 hoes 😭🤷🏾‍♂️
ok me &  cristian__2c  in Walmart 
For the second time now I've got cash back from Walmart and forgot to grab it. I'm so done with myself.
ICYMI: our own  AmyMTraub joined  intelligence2 to make the case against Walmart's business model, via  TheAtlantic: 
She did not just say lets play hide and seek find me 😐 whaat im not bouta look all over this big ass walmart
 NintendoAmerica please let the retail exclusive's be at stores like ebgames and walmart not walgreens and tru
Semi Driver Arrested for DUI at Mankato Walmart DC Sentenced 
  that girl who hugged me at walmart thinking i was someone else 😂😂😂😂
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  CricketRewards Download today!  
[ ] Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of… | 
 Peglegmeg96 I bought a op bathing suit for like 10  from Walmart once... their stuff is gonna be like 60  now 😂
 PressSec  POTUS Spicer after your Germany and hitler statement why don't you quit and go work as a greeter at Walmart?
nobody scared of you studio bloods or you walmart crips.
They get it. People want to go get their orders. :P - Walmart giving you discounts to pick up online orders in store 
Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping  pricewar  
Walmart tried to charge me 20 for one pack of white peach white owls once and she couldn't comprehend she was charging me the whole box
Walmart having customers pick up an online sell is illogical (think about it) let it (online) go.👹
🐢🐢🐢🐢
Y'all Walmart with  KathyReynolds0 is A TRIP 😂
Walmart finally shipped Zelda. Now if they'd just ship the Switch I could play it.  annoyed
Retail + technology = win for customers  innovation  walmart  retailtech  buildingthefuture 
Well looks like they dont have a fidget spinner at walmart.  Got to but it online.
 GrimsToyShow hey grim I just found this at Walmart retweet 
Walmart employee left red-faced after being caught dancing | Daily Mail Online ➜… 
Made a list for Walmart, didn't buy anything on the list
Only other option is going to Walmart but I really don't want to. Because they don't always have new releases on time.
 troy_sy11  PeopleRuin us in walmart
its cold asf in this walmart im ready to go home 🙄
LEGO Disney Princess Anna's Snow Adventure Building Kit  12.95   Amazon & Walmart - 
New Mascara Coupons = as LOW as  1.44 at Walmart! 
I went to Walmart just for ... nvm 😂
 Chubbster10  Makeup Shit Walmart then :(
I just lost a decent amount of weed in Walmart I'm fucking pissed
n  tech: Walmart to Discount 1M Online Items—But There's a Catch 
Every time I go to Walmart I swear I spend at least  10 on fruit
Tinkertoy 65-Piece Essentials Value Set for  15 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
 UKToyCollector  Walmart  SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon Great stuff!!! 😊😊😊 x
some old guy came up to me at Walmart and said I don't get enough sleep because I have bags under my eyes... tell me something I don't know
 erica_golditch  Makeup I've tried Walmart and can never find it!
 NeedMoreCryogen for fucks sake you can get an actual monopoly board for 12 bucks at walmart 
Walmart: Soft Scrub 4-in-1 Toilet Cleaner As Low As  0.99 - 
New video just went live on my channel!!!  youtube  newvideo  walmart  beautybox  update 
Walmart Looking for Made in the USA Products from  ArkansasEntrepreneurs

 madeinusa 


Gentleman at walmart asked for my advice in picking out some flowers for his girlfriend!  So sweet! 🌹🌹
I've never seen fingers move so fast! 
There's a guy at Walmart that looks like  lukeoxendale I'm shook
i just fell in love with a guy with a nose ring at the hazleton walmart
Awesome Walmart find. He's  5 I've ever spent. ❤ 
Leave it to  Walmart to make a pun out of it. Love y'all. ❤️ 
 JBorges17 you are now the third "diehard michigan fan", or in other words walmart wolverine that states their real college in their bio.
this guy just made the staff at walmart lose their minds, Long But Worth It 
Studying on Quizlet: gov test doesn't include business cycle or the walmart questions
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Florence, KY 
The guy selling coupon books at walmart wants me to be his girlfriend
 Gerizentime  TheresaSnyder19  GrayWolfAlpha  mirtaimperatori She pushed me in wheelchair in Walmart. Was not looki… 
A lady at Walmart asked if it was tacky day at school because of what im wearing.....😫😂💀 
Y'all I want Harry's sunglasses anyone know where I can buy a Walmart version of them
 IGN I thought it was already out? Swear to God I saw it at Walmart...
Beautiful property. Close to Canada, I95, Walmart. Worth the drive.  houlton  maineleisure 
 beccaoffthewall Truly. I'm on house arrest and I still went to Walmart
These figures are staggering. 
 Lawrenceville I'm already on 🔥 fire!  Get to  Walmart 1400 Lawrenceville Highway!  I'm here… 
for some reason errytime I come in Walmart.. I wanna look at baby stuff 😂
My local Walmart is still selling this! 😂 This game has been offline for years! 
I got this cute at shirt from Walmart, and ima rock it like if I got it from Gucci idc.
 shoepick22 👀 Walmart 😁
 Ysabellecaps They're having a sale on straight jackets at Walmart if you need it 🤷🏿‍♂️
 NaturallyNicki just take it back to Walmart lol 😂
Seeing the board in Walmart with all the missing children on is really sad 😞
If you want to waste your time with unfective and not courteous people  Walmart  please visit store 3611 in Marietta. What a joke
okay enough faffing around, hopefully this gets me to sleep long enough that I can stay awake for my doctor (and hopefully walmart) tomorrow
 FaZeRug Walmart
 Walmart  Microsoft Returned to store and your excellent staff and manager tried everything to return and rescan th… 
chanel VS walmart 
Ortega Taco Seasoning Mix Just  0.23 At Walmart!


Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat 
I liked a  YouTube video SUPER MINI HAUL! | ULTA ,H&M ,CHILDRENS PLACE ,WALMART ,ROSS
 Gerizentime  TheresaSnyder19  GrayWolfAlpha  mirtaimperatori Rhonda was with me so we went shoe shopping at Walmar… 
 AlexRey47650813 Your very welcome :) -JP
Tinkertoy 65-Piece Essentials Value Set for  15 + pickup at Walmart

⚠️ WARNING ⚠️ Cops stakin out roads near Walmart on a 192nd!!! Wear seat belts and don't go on your phone!! ⚠️ WARNING ⚠️
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
If you think Walmart can't get any weirder go to the Govt building to vote and you will be surprised 🙈
When you rush because you thought the tire place closed at 6 so you are stuck in ACUs in Walmart 👍🏻
RCA 55" LED HDTV: ONLY  319.99 SHIPPED: <-- This EXACT same item is  359.99 at Amazon!... 
I'm honestly tired of going to Walmart and the employees don't know where anything is
Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon |  
 drgwbrown Have you tried it yet? Or is this your first time trying the online grocery service? -JP
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Would love to win once!!  WalmartWednesday  win
 FurKidMom My Walmart Merican flag tshirt
I scared some people in my small town WALMART today, they knew nothing about  M103 they were appalled to say the le… 
Always wonder why  Walmart sells only "clean" CDs yet sells R-Rated films; makes no sense whatsoever.  eli5… 
 naoswife I got it at Walmart
Why this man at this Walmart in Norfolk try to fight a seagull for standing on his car?
 Walmart   tomatoes are also good
Day 2 jogging/walking to  Walmart to get  dinner  2miles 
Im such a fuckin retard me & rob were buyin liquor at Walmart & he was like its 430 on a Wednesday whats ur deal & i was likE
FORWARD RSS, send any RSS feed to any email.  MakeMoney  SeoMarketing | Walmart offers online customers discounts…
Just posted a photo   Walmart Sumter 
I just entered to win a  10 WalMart Gift Card....you can Enter too!! 
 LICKicks Walmart going all self check out in 1-2 years
 amazon should learn a lesson from  Walmart. Free 2 Day shipping is awesome! Much better than waiting 10 days 4  amazon to ship my order.
Random Thoughts of Ex-Mad Woman: Debbie Harry must be BoeingNKING off Swiffer & Walmart spots running concurrently right now 😅💰 OneWayOrAnother
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 7
Black elie goes to walmart
There's a Walmart and a Walmart Neighborhood Market within 5 minutes of the Brook Rd Martin's but e demographic is… 
 Jay_Azeltine  Walmart Man, speaking as a guy that reluctantly works at Walmart, trust nothing from our automotive… 
 Russellsbitch  Walmart  SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon 😃👍🏻So far, so good!
 EpcotServo  Walmart  SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon 😃Thank you very much, really happy to be here!!
The latest Lolli Reads!  takes2tomangotea  walmart
I'm going to write a piece on Medium about my experience with my mom and grandpa trying to order a  125 40" TV from Walmart.  generationgap
 JonnySymonds  Microsoft We're sorry that happened. How come it wasn't taken care of at POS? -JP
 xgvbii lmao sameeee, idk why people act like it still ain't Walmart 🙄
Walmart Wifi 😂 
 jessuisjess Walmart
thank you sanger walmart for being open
Just told my six year old niece that GameStop was closing, and she gasped and then said "oh well I'll just go to Toys "R" Us or Walmart"😂
 itnor1  lizzieohreally  MarketplaceWKND I was going to with this as well. Also, how does Walmart sell generic at <1/3 price everywhere else
I judge my outfits ratchetry by how others would perceive me if I was in Walmart
i saw  dkiinngg18  makstam_  _taylormettler_ at walmart and kayla yelled "sexy bitch" 😂😭😭
 Stephanieeparre why this my car whenever we go to walmart 
 Josh_Richter7 I call Scc, Walmart University
At Walmart anybody want something 
I have named these "pizzas just like that" and you have to say the whole thing. It's punishment for me having to go… 
Just arrived from Walmart!  StarWars 
 NationalCCDC Your welcome and we hope the competition went well! We enjoy doing our part to help! -JP
 Walmart  SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon 😃We don't have these in the UK, the  R2D2 is fantastic!
 MarcFour71  AlisaHovha No thanks. Who shops at Walmart anyway? Why don't you buy yourself a dress instead? You can… 
This One Thing Walmart Is Testing Could Finally Crush Amazon via  TheStreet
Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store via  Reuters
 dalienalexis lmao yea I'm in walmart waiting for the repair
A New Walmart has opened in Meridian.  More details tonight.   Fox30News 
 hale_kati If you can't find it in Walmart or HEB you might have luck at Spec's in Granbury. This is one of my favorite beers I've ever had!
I hate Walmart.
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Thanks for the chance to  Win from  WalmartWednesday
Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat via  BI_RetailNews
 AllanRicharz Agree :-) & he has successfully sued WalMart & others.  The idolatrous golden calf is all grown up. 
How Walmart Just Made its Online Prices Cheaper in its War With Amazon 
Deals – Baby Trend Snap-N-Go EX Universal Infant Car Seat Stroller  34.88 ~ Walmart… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Philadelphia, PA 
Swear I can never come to Walmart for what I need 🙄
BoeingNNED FROM EVERY WALMART IN CALIFORNIA.
>leave home at 6am so dad thinks Im looking for a job
>go to Walmart and play wii sports in the electronic section for like 2 fucking hours
Who needs a theraband when you can do a pre-show ballet barre in  6 Walmart sneakers? 😬💃🏻
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Thanks so much for the chance!  WalmartWednesday
Walmart is a freaking nightmare.
I gotta go to Walmart and get some head phones I hate buying skull candys cause they always break but them bitches be bumping for  10 lol
Akalynn just looked at me and said, "I wanna go to Walmart cause I'm boring." 😂
URGENT!!! FOOD RECALL AND WARNING!!! Fresh Express 5oz Spring Mix prepared salads at Walmart found w 
My mom and I just worked out and came to Walmart, and we're going to get Mc Donald's hahaha
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 6
I liked a  YouTube video Man Followed By Crazy Walmart Security!
Never a smooth experience at Walmart. Why do I keep coming here. 🙄
I'm at  Walmart in Madison, WI 
I go to Walmart and Academy everyday 😐
 Walmart Yep, Ima send you guys some pics if I can Jim!
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime  ecommerce  socialmediamarketing  success  sales  sm…
i love Chanel vs walmart 
Ask Wal-Mart workers about their company's economic impact. Then ask them if they like food stamps & Medicaid:  
"United Airlines Lego" special edition coming soon to a Toy R Us,Walmart,Target or any other that carries... 
stupid expensive when the whole set is  29.99  in Walmart 
 SebastianV89 Thank you for your interest in our products. If you're looking for availability see here:… 
 Walmart you are so sweet! Thank you hun.
chanel vs. walmart 
Over the summer I worked a lot to save up money to spend at school and went to Target/Walmart to get a fridge and room decor! -F  OneyChat
After running that Walmart for two years, I'm gonna take 9 months off to make a feature film
So we're at Walmart and Audrey goes "it smells like skunk"....yeah... that wasn't skunk 😐
Traveling with fam for Easter? Take entertainment on the road with the RCA portable DVD player.… 
Time for cut throat savage mode

*Me heading out to Walmart*
Retail Outsourcing: Amazon vs. Walmart -  time  washingtonpost - Follow me - 
Walmart Cameras Caught Some Really Disturbing Things 
 mrlautenschlage  Newsweek Walmart doesn't have cops, they have security. Cops have state backing, security is a private company
If you still selling 3.5 for  40 or  35 Summer 17 and Forward quit now this isn't for you  Walmart hiring......
 dglkinks We rent the rug doctors from Walmart or who ever has one and it's always worked great for us!
pls let female corrin be for gamestop/walmart at least ;A;
 Jay_Azeltine  Walmart Another one? Man it better last to indi
 AaronLahna You know what else is real? Habanero ranch and the movie section at Walmart.
Your mcm blast music at Walmart and records himself lip syncing it on snapchat
 banannerbread Sorry it's not great, I was in a Walmart break room and was working with what I brought with me
Ortega Taco Seasoning Mix Just  0.23 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  coupon  Coupons  deal
Finding Dory Toddler Quad Just  29! Down From  60!  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals  disney
chanel vs walmart 🤔🤔🤔 
chanel vs walmart 
Walmart to offer discounts for ordering at home, picking up at the store 
I fucking hate Walmart
Maybe now, Walmart can use some of the money it will be saving on its energy expense to pay its workers a living wa… 
 KelvinRose13  Newsweek if walmart can have cops I dont see why a church, in these times, wouldnt be allowed consid… 
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Would love to win
I JUST TRIPPED IN THE MIDDLE OF WALMART 
Just put them wherever.   Walmart Oklahoma City - W Memorial Rd 
 8: Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance Video Game With Walmart Exclusive Instrumental Soundtrack (Xbox…  Xbox360  Xbox
 Walmart Yes, but they would not allow me in without corporate approval. And, added that I would just have to wait… 
I really hate going to Walmart by myself lol 😷
Swear I can never go into Walmart and walk out with what I actually went there for
Love when I see a student at Walmart and they tell their family I'm their favorite.
when you see snoop dogg at walmart...nbd 😎
Walmart:  0.48 (or possibly FREE) Cottonelle Cleansing Cloths with coupon and cashback!  coupon
 scottskramer you can use acrylics and craft paint from Walmart. Just make sure you get a sealant to keep the paint from scraping off.
 coldsorequeen  dkinf I went to Walmart but it sold out as I was line and they had just got them in that day, very fucked up!
Note to self never wear blue when you are stuck at walmart
Channel VS Walmart 
bruh walmart taking a year & 50 days w this oil change 😤
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 5
[15] Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  realtime 
Channel vs Walmart 
 iano medium firm walmart pillows
Went into Walmart to get headphones for bae...
Frowned upon in Walmart  CampingIn4Words
Al refill en Walmart 😊
Walmart 
Not to be dramatic but the roadwork on Bruce B Downs is the worst thing that has ever happened to Tampa, other than the Walmart on Fletcher
Walmart continues to lead the US corporate charge into renewables with new energy storage projects. 
Welcome to Georgia. This is Walmart in Woodstock. 
. Walmart to introduce  discounts on  pickup  online  shopping  ecommerce  supermarketnews… 
On  NERLE: Discussion of WalMart halted at Pittsfield City Council meeting.  JDReports reports.
Walmart is implementing a pick-up discount on items shipped to the Walmart store!

"Certainly we aren't asking for the physical destruction of the company but we want it to change its business model" 
 madison_krnv Have you been able to successfully contact a member from management at the East Second Street location in Reno? -JP
But the state originally gave  100 WalMart cards for compensation for citrus canker trees????… 
Go to a Walmart at the first of the month, !!! 
Grocery pickup (at  Walmart Supercenter in Evansville, IN) 
I swear I be at Walmart like I work here🤦🏽‍♀️
❤❤ Entertainment  Buzz KATY PERRY - California Gurls - WALMART  CD w/ HOT N COLD Yelle REMIX!  KatyPerry  Auction…… 
 Walmart When trying to use the  savingscatcher app an employee said, "It's been down all week and no one is looking into fixing it." 👎🏽
 mrlautenschlage  Newsweek Church and Walmart are different. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out
GUYS

LOOK WHAT I FOUND AT WALMART 
The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays via  usatoday
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime: Amazon's yearly Prime subscription is supposed to be…
Yesterday - Orlando: NBoeing star’s organic restaurant coming to …Walmart? 
 Samm_michaud  meek_jason Gotta love Walmart
I need to eat and go to Walmart but I feel stuck af
Walmart will give you a discount if you pick up your online order from a Walmart store 
I would choose the line with the world's slowest cashier.  Walmart
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  thexeon
Now for a somewhat more fair Gucci vs walmart shit
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime: Amazon's yearly Prime subscription…  Tips2Trade  T2T
Walmart turns up the heat on Amazon with new discounting program 
 UKToyCollector  SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon Very nice! We hope you think they're tasty! Enjoy! -JP
Nah you got that shit from Walmart 
my grocery shopping experience was pleasant today other than the fact that i loathe spending cash on food, at Walmart..let me clarify that😏
Um, I will spend the savings in gas==> Walmart 2 offer discounts 4 onlineonly items del'd to store via  fox5sandiego
Walmart Tries To Woo Online Customers With "Pickup Discount" 
It's like... I like Walmart cause it's cheaper but I like target cause I look good coming out of it 😂😂
Papa John’s Pizza 50% OFF Code! (Today Only) via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Tomball, TX 
 paigedior Ok. Please do let us know how everything turns out though. -JP
Today is not the day   all my Walmart managers
My man crush  MannyMua733 [Chanel] vs. Kuckikult man crush Cowan [Walmart]  johnkuckian  |  Cowan you can't compete… 
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 4
hi guys yesterday i fuck sexy girls in the kitchen and then i being silly at walmart i love pyrocynical he is my daddy
 chipgorman A stellar store experience remains elusive. OTOH same for Lowes and Walmart.
Live demos w/  Ritzcrackers & Peter Pan® Creamy Peanut Butter in Walmart on... by… 
Walmart Offers Cheap When People Want Easy
 Risky631 I got crazy looks for this at Walmart. Don't know if they agree to shorts weather yet
walmart or
Interesting development... Walmart's new ship-to-store discount program. 
 SAIndiana Your very welcome! We enjoy doing our part to help. -JP
Walmart offers discounts on online orders picked up in  stores 
It's just  paper - Bill  Walton when asked Abt losing  billion in day w  Walmart 🙊🙉🙈 
Almost Free Bic Razor pack at walmart . Run to walmart today 
Article:  Walmart doing microgrids,  TrinaSolarUS launches bifacial PERC  solar panel, more  WednesdayWisdom 


when I was younger I used to go with my mom to walmart everytime she went just to watch the music video to Feel Good Inc in the cd aisle
 cheojackson  Ballpit_Gangsta  Lucid_Drinking  YodaNic Unless it's medically related, like something I  the pharmac… 
Ortega Taco Seasoning Mix Just  0.23 At Walmart! 
 chipgorman I have yet to buy from HD website, just research. Same for Lowes. OTOH, I do buy from Walmart site.
 dylan_wagstaff It was Watertown Walmart. So That's not a bad thing
 itzkenzz_ Very nice! We hope she enjoys being a part of the family like you do! -JP
Going to find the love of my life in this Oklahoma Walmart
 eatdatham_ i always liked those walmart red velvet ones with the cream cheese on the inside that come in a 4 pack 😂
 masterpeaches banished from Walmart
Animal Related.. Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime 
 Walmart Absolutely! It's not easy moving from  Ontario to  Quebec & not speaking  French. Your staff have been so… 
Damn high ass batteries 🤦🏽‍♂️ shat  yougonlearntoday  damn  wcw  why  hellnaw walmart 
Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat  retail  
 Newsweek I dont see how this is any different from your local walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 3
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime  ecommerce  digital 
Love  tacos as much as I do? Stay tuned for a delicious  oldelpaso recipe very soon!  AD… 
Saw so many fine women while I was working at the Walmart on Skibo all day. Like low key surprised.
Happy  WisdomWednesday  meijer  &  Walmart  shoppers! Did you know you can make this (in 1/2 the time!) w/ Keystone… 
❤❤ KatyPerry  Fashion KATY PERRY - California Gurls - WALMART  CD w/ HOT N COLD Yelle REMIX! Snoop  Bestseller  Buy… 
i heard u whisper "hi daddy" & i am not amused girl at walmart
Four people recognized for actions during Pooler Walmart fire 
Y'all me and liv was otp and I saw her   Walmart 😂
WALMART Deal Alert! BIC Razors Free + MM after printable coupon -> 
In Walmart I saw a big ol puddle of water and I saw a perfect opportunity to accidentally slip and fall and sue them
 samanthalauzon We're glad you visit us so much! We hope you have fun every time you come to the store! -JP
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart, Costco, Target & Party City Haul 4/5/17 – 4/8/17
There should be an observation deck at Walmart.
These nice young ladies at Walmart are too old to be pissing on the seats
Since everyone's doing it, how many RTs do I need for a scholarship?  UHouston  WhiteHouse  TheEllenShow  BillGates  GregAbbott_TX  Walmart
Get Jeans From  7 at  Walmart.com
 Walmartshop  clothing  jeans  easter  coupons 
Pitch Your Made in the USA Product at Walmart Open Call Event  NWAnews  ARnews -- 
Walmart and okley called me today got a interview tomorrow and Friday must b my lucky day😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬
Walmart tries a twist; Burger King’s Google Home hack  home  walmart  items
 ABQDaddyDom  POTUS They're right. Just like those 3 illegals who bombed the Boston marathon.  It was a malfunction… 
"Homeless. Heartbroken. Probably pregnant & hated. My bf broke up with me for..."

-Lady on the curb at Walmart. Wish I could've read it all
 HealthcareWen  nmanaloto  jholtzman  AARP  innovationat50  VentureValkyrie  JoAnn_Jenkins  sanjaykhurana  adrane… 
A New Scam Is Targeting Anyone Who Shops At Walmart : AWM

Walmart has almost an entire wall full of Native American appropriated jewelry. They're passing it off as "festival wear". Pretty sick.
You dont get it  AnnCoulter .  POTUS  has a mess to clean. If you want a vacume ..go to walmart... trumpbashing 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  entrepreneurs  vitalizeone… 
to launch pickup discounts for online orders of general merchandise 
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 2
really just spent  70+ in walmart on a phone case 🤦🏽‍♀️
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon: The hope with Pickup Discount is to lure shoppers into… 
 SteeleJordon I was referring to other people taking pics in Walmart. Fuck off 
Thank you St. Albans  Walmart!  JoseeTelfer you're in the drawing for Peace in the Valley  WaterBrookPress! Details… 
Walmart's Amazon Weapon Set to Misfire 
Definitely just wasted  11 on crap prints at Walmart 🙄🙄🙄🙄
More than 80% of US consumers made at least one trip to Walmart (Walmart), McDonald's (MCD), and Target (TGT) last year 
I choose to believe Walmart is selling chocolate chips 
Why the hell is walmart packed on a weekday.
 Basketball  Forum Loving the texts I'm getting from walmart buddies 
. csydelko looks like  Raini_Rodriguez if she worked at walmart
I still haven't been to the new Walmart 😅
I also have a very close friend who graduated with a double major in Mechanical Engineering with a 3.9.. she works at walmart as a stocker
I liked a  YouTube video STREAKING IN WALMART! (Doing YOUR Dares!) (Streaking, Pranks, Fights, + More!!)
I just went in Walmart and one of the employees asked where my puppy was...Does that mean I take her in too much? 😅  shesinthecar
 50 Walmart Gift Card & Low kalz 30 Low Calorie Drinks and Snacks Giveaway 
Walmart’s NEW In-Store Pick-up Discount! 
As I was doing some shopping, a lady stopped me and asked, "Are you a manager?"

"Yes I am," I replied, "but not he… 
Just in: BUT it doesn't have the padded floor- so can't sell it for kids but it may work for puppies or bunnies?... 
 xKingLoki420 whats a walmart
"Uhh my box has a box around it" - me trying to get the Walmart employee to take the security thing off of an electronic
Swing Sets Under  200 at Walmart -  149.00: Walmart offers Swing Sets Under  200. ... 
I will pay someone at WSU  5 to drive me to Walmart sometime this week 🙏🏻
Walmart employees always look like they're having the worst day of their life.
 KindalikeCrisco guess I'm making a walmart trip today
PSA: DO NOT buy cheap ass wine from Walmart.
I tried to buy NyQuil at Walmart and got IDed but bought it at CVS and I didn't ?
i come back to my computer after going to walmart and I have 21 new notifications....
I was thinking about Deidra & hallo-nails today ➡ the woman with hallo-nails came to my cafe ➡ Deidra & I were both at Walmart.  universe
We're gonna walk to a Walmart in Orlando this is going to be an adventure
A bum just tried to get at me in Walmart. "Excuse me, I just wanted to tell you this. You're cute." 😑 let me stop this convo right here sir.
We were selected to receive the  walmart grant today! Big news as this is our first grant of… 
 Vulgarfan I work at Walmart and have seen them there and at a low price
Top headlines for Wednesday, April 12, 2017:  DailyRundown by  LinkedIn via  c0nvey
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart
 UKToyCollector  Walmart  SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon Welcome to Orlando!^^
Whenever I don't know what to get someone for they bday I just go with  20 nd a Walmart card 😩😩😩
 udontknowB  Walmart Aren't those the same though
Already witnessed this in Walmart, fast food chains and restraunts . These jobs were meant for the youth of America… 
I go to Walmart ugly as hell & this guy gave me a rose & said I look beautiful & to have a nice day 😩😩💗
 imnotforeign_ Atleast you're making a difference and not working at Walmart like this person 😂😂😂😂
Top marks to  Microsoft for their brilliant support today over an issue caused by  Walmart not activating an Office365 license at POS
walmart jewelry beverly vintage ring set 
I swear everyone at Walmart HAS to stare at you everytime they walk by. 🙄
Man, Walmart is totally ripping off Amazon: 
 B_UtifulFighter jungle batman?!? What's next,  Walmart employee batman?!? 
Chanel vs walmart 
The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays 
Walmart is trying to get me to make the saddest chicken and waffles of all time 
⚠ BoeingCK w/ NEW Coupon Link ⚠ 

Print ASAP ►►► 
I liked a  YouTube video WWE Walmart Exclusive Then Now Forever Basic Toy Set Review & Unboxing!!
 Rockstar_CBot catch me at your local walmart asleep in the Ball Cage gripping onto my titties for dear life
selfie at walmart 
Can't go to Walmart with females🤦🏿‍♂️

Yal come in looking for three items end up leaving with 15 different things & wanna go in every aisle
 HuluAndKirko Down 72 by the Madison bowling center and the new Walmart
If anyone is having trouble finding a mask for the RS Prom then check out these links! 🎭 or 
Retail Outsourcing: Amazon vs. Walmart -  amazing  notifier  life  nice - Follow me - 
Somebody mama tried me at Walmart the other morning she needed a lineup on her beard 
didn't eat anything all day😓 and i'm going to walmart phew i'm ab to grab everything
The Walmart tax every American taxpayer pays: 
I always do my best to avoid Walmart.. sadly that isn't happening today
Throwin ass in her room infront of a Walmart mirror 🎶
I feel like I enter a different dimension every time I enter a Walmart
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
Walmart is my favorite store
 crawlyscubs  SonRanto You could run thru the lobby and scream Walmart has dropped 6 and a quarter, SELL SELL
 mrscrystalallen Yes it is!! My son loves it! I heard it's a good transition cup from a regular sippy to a cup! You can get them at Walmart!
A Snippet Of Da 30   Walmart Import DC 6088 James City ,VA. 
I was told it would take 45 minutes to balance my tires. I've now been here for an hour and a half. Wtf  Walmart
I said oh my god in the Walmart and everyone in the aisle looked at me like I'm the devil... Struggle of being in the Bible Belt 😳
 DarciWLTX  AndreaMockSC  Walmart, Target, anywhere Easter candy is sold 😂 😂 😂 
So I went to Walmart with my little cousin and they all thought that he was my kid 😑
 news  insights Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon 
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say 
Everybody got chatty when they saw me at Walmart. I've been back in town for a year, y'all look shook 👀
Elizabeth Thomas kidnapper Tad Cummins left a note before vanishing via  crimeonlinenews
I'm at Walmart in Oreamuno, Cartago 
 AskAmex I have the temporary card you can buy from Walmart and the permanent card you sent when I registered for it.
I hate the light at Walmart so much
 globalnews  2.97 for a Romaine or Leaf lettuce at  Walmart
iiiiii hate walmart
It's not that I dislike Walmart, I just don't like anyone there
Our  Walmart GSS team learning about "powerful presence" from  NEWnational  StanleyZareff  NEWspeakers… 
 Victodoodles  doddleoddle (Walmart has a bigger net value just saying)
Amazon has higher market cap than Walmart.  Airbnb books more rooms than Hilton.  And now Tesla > GM. Anyone seeing… 
Be sure to print this coupon now, as it disappeared rather quickly last time around! 

Bout to get more food while I'm at Walmart
 DarciWLTX available at Walmart 
An MMA guy vs. a drunk guy in a Walmart parking lot is Internet gold! Watch: 
. Walmart launching pickup discount program.  ecommerce 
 DarciWLTX  AndreaMockSC Walmart Target anywhere it's sold 😂 😂 😂 
Poor  LocalBeav I'm a girl & having panic attacks for him having to go to Walmart & Kroger in the same day. Yuck.  JayWhiteSports
 Walmart My deadline is tomorrow night at 7p.m. I'm really hoping someone can contact me directly about the story.
You serious? Is he really gonna pull the "walmart return" scam on NATO? smdh 
Should've went to the Walmart closer to the job.. this traffic is bananas.
Oscar Munoz the President of Walmart Airlines! Thank god I switched to  JetBlue.
 TMJofficial Our apologies! Did you speak w/mgmt about this? Here's our Price Match policy for your review: -Tammi
 colleenlmcc chocolate chip. Walmart brand 😂
Speaking of mailings.. who the hell wants a  Walmart store card? Seriously? Walmart credit just sounds sad.
 aphdontmark Carmex. Walmart
Wow way better than the Walmart that was originally planned 
I'm at Walmart rn and these Easter Eggs remind me of Camilla and Lucina lol 
I'm in a heated debate  walmart rn
Shout out to all the people at Walmart who watched me squirt dog shampoo on my face when trying to smell it... 🙃
Who's using this? I kinda love it.  Walmart is rolling out a pick-up tower - a giant vending machine that delivers packages at stores.
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime  news
Furries asking about the laws regarding fursuiting in a fucking local Walmart. Why, tho?
Dear Walmart, all I wanted was a kite for my daughters ... apparently I ask for too much  mybad
Tired of going to walmart 😐
 jimcramer  MarkWerlein i hate Walmart! Hvnt shopped there in years...seem to be gettin by just fine w/out them.
 bearytae ITS TRUE UR A FASHION ICON I WAS WEARING WALMART COUTURE
I'm at  Walmart in Milford, CT 
Walmart tries a twist; Burger King’s Google Home hack 
. doddleoddle SHE WAS LIKE WERE BRITISH THOUGH WE DONT HAVE WALMART IM
Zachary gets to come home early from Kentucky because Walmart can't afford to pay him while he's down there 😂😂😂 how pathetic
Whole Foods may dominate the anti-science hippie market but 95% of all American consumers visit Walmart. 
Need someone to take me to CVS and Walmart:(((((
 alyzande 7-11 & Walmart has it in the states.  Do you have a 24-hour general market? :p
People like Jamie Dimon and the Walmart heirs get sweet fiat money street for the government, for doing NOTHING. Let's all get citizen fiat.
Walmart is doing a real life test: Are American shoppers more lazy than they are cheap? by sbanjo
Coming up on  CBSPittsburgh,  Walmart offers new discount for on-line purchases that are delivered to neighborhood store for pick-up!
Grocers are making headway in the fight for food market share against Walmart, Costco: Although the two retail… 
This dude been stalkin me and lexy for the longest. He's shown up to my job twice and even stared us down in the parking lot at walmart
send me and cuz  some dares to do in Walmart go follow Andrew Stanton he's y doing dares  with me
 andy93112725  voidsinsilver  Xecutioner1337  Chiukii  SenpaiRoo  sleepyniggy fight me tomorrow at 6 pm at walmart or target you choose
Kids in walmart specifically are annoying as fuck.
Special thanks to one of our platinum sponors,  Walmart for their support of this year's competition!  NCCDC
Nearly every  American spent money at  WalMart last year ^ek
heading to walmart with some of the fam
walmart just finessed me out of 40 dollars
I did great at the grocery store I just need some snacks from Walmart or meijer
Me in Walmart but I come out with 3 grocery bags of food and a meal from McDonald's inside instead of the bottle of… 
I didn't know all these private prisons were owned by Walmart
i'm crying in walmart parking lot rn because the box of donuts fell out of the buggy and we ran in over
Berryman 15-oz. B-12 Chemtool Cleaner for  2 + pickup at Walmart

 NBCNews They are guiding traffic based on killing gays. 100% of customers shopped at Walmart, fleeing like a crime… 
just got home from the grocery store but now i need to run to a Walmart because my room is 1000 degrees and i need a fan 😫
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime via Yahoo!
Y'all completely missed  L_lorraine98  running into a pole at Walmart 😂😂💀❤️
Check out Walmart Easter Blue Purple Platypus Duck Plush Laying 15" Toy Stuffed Bow   Walmart via  eBay
As founder of Walmart, Sam Walton chose to drive a  Ford F-150 for its practicality, dependability and value. 
 ThinkKopiGaming I called my local Walmart and Gamestop  for a few weeks and got one. Just learn what times your local stores restock 😉
New life plan: I'm gonna have my own Walmart in 3 years
Hope Walmart realizes PEOPLE can get a Job where they treat Employees better & customers too 
Walmart weddin'  UnwrittenCountrySongs
 UKToyCollector  Walmart  SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon Yayyyyy!!! Too right!! Looks like you're having a great time 😀 x
 meleey_xo bc this one literally looks like the walmart version. i hate when things get simplified
If you on ambassador there's an accident by the Walmart 
Found some cute penguins at Walmart 😂  XUrbanSimsX 
Walmart is doing a real life test: Are American shoppers more lazy than they are cheap? by  sbanjo
This is the first time I went to Walmart alone in like 5 years
Angry 40 year old Ohioans are the only thing I get up for these days. I go to Walmart just to feel alive. 
 mpluger95  paigewaterman5 Well I'd take shelter in Walmart! And whatever happens out there o well
 Russellsbitch  Walmart  SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon 😃👍🏻He's coming home with me!
Nerf Modulus IonFire Blaster  9.97 via SwagGrabber - Walmart has the Nerf Modulus IonFire Blaster ... 
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime  AllShare
I went to Walmart for a couple of items and I feel like someone beat me up
Does Juan Williams from the five have a degree...if so can we confirm if he got it at Walmart??
Tinkertoy 65-Piece Essentials Value Set for  15 + pickup at Walmart - 
 UKToyCollector  Walmart  SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon Omg!!!! That is so cute!!!!! 💗 it! x
Walmart trips include Nick breaking shelves. 
I feel like my prison name would be Walmart, cat piss, kitty, trailer trash, something like that. the worst one tho would be Turbo jr
This woman in walmart stated that, "she let her daughter scream and act up in public because it was creative expression and growth"
S/o to the asshole that decided to have a shopping spree at Walmart on my account I really hope karma bites you in the ass hard
 walmart pulled the plug next door, but  ymca moving ahead would be great news for the area  
They don't have any Walmart's in Syria, only Targets.

 MAGA
 HillaryClinton College is not a necessity, we need people for labor, retail etc.  We will soon have MBoeings ringing r… 
i just seen the most beautiful girl i've ever seen hands down, in durant walmart. i tried to say hi and stuttered so i just walked away.
them pineapples in that clear container from Walmart sooo goood😩😍😋
Walmart after work. I hate life.
uses discounts for in-store pickups to fight Amazon 
 Jovisoul  conserv_tribune Went to Walmart today & had never seen so many head scarves & heard so many foreign lang… 
Me with  EasterBunnyYoda  Walmart during a pre  SWCO merch hunt 😃👍🏻

 SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions  MaryPOPCon… 
Finally checking out the new Walmart.
 kerrymflynn hot and cold weather clothes. a canopy, tent stakes. wristband. bud light lime is not beer. water bott… 
 thelastalespian You're in seattle soooo...

Probobly anywhere.

But the uwajimaya would be a one stop for all of y… 
 Walmart Cuts Jobs And Drops Prices, Does This Signal The Death Of  Retail?: Walmart is… 
Just finished  Walmart stocking up for  SWCO 😃👍🏻It's important to stay hydrated!

 SW_Celebration  ReedExhibitions… 
LEGO Disney Princess Anna's Snow Adventure Building Kit  12.95   Amazon & Walmart 
 NBCNightlyNews Now on sale at Walmart... TRUMPS... or flip-flops as they are generally called.
Walmart to offer discounts for ordering at home, picking up at the store

Walmart offers discounts on online orders you pick up:   news 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in El Paso, TX 
Walmart’s Buy Online/Pick-Up In Store Discount 
Walmart offers discounts on online orders you pick up:   news
Walmart partners with to launch online store in China for British supermarket chain Asda 
 Walmart still hate y'all. Learn how to restock the shelves.
All everyone up at Em's dorms do is smoke and go to Walmart 😂
My mom is sending me snaps of my brother doing doughnuts in a scooter at Walmart 😂😂😂
There's an accident by the Walmart 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon - The hope with Pickup Discount is to lure shoppers... 
Going around... Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime 
Electrek green energy brief: Walmart doing microgrids, Trina launches bifacial PERC solar panel, more – Electrek 
Deals – 23 inch BathroomTowel Rack Bath Holder for  9.58 + Free Shipping  Walmart 
Walmart thinks mayonnaise is an instrument
CRAZY TOLIET PAPER FORT AT WALMART!! (KICKED OUT): via  YouTube
Walmart incentivizes in-store pickup with a deal.  omnichannel  retail

Walmart Looking for Made in the USA Products from Arkansas Entrepreneurs  NWAnews  ARnews - 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Rochester, NY 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  technology
Walmart Girls PUNISH me for Non-compliance! 
Walmart now giving discounts on online orders if you pick them up in stores 
Walmart run later
Off to the Walmart for food. Wish me luck.
Walmart thinks Harry Potter should've ended up with Cho Chang
I hate being on my month because I get so emotional and start crying like ex: I couldnt find the right cake last night at Walmart & cried
 energy Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon: The hope with Pickup Discount is to lure… 
I was supposed to write my three papers today and finish my lesson plan but instead went to Walmart & McDonalds with Keegan all day 😊😊
 Target more reasons to shop at Walmart 
Walmart is pulling out all the stops to compete with Amazon. 
This guy just asked me what Walmart is....wtf
Walmart thinks Forrest Gump was "just okay"
Walmart bowls with bumpers
 KathleenLights1 please do reviews on the new Kokie brand! They have it at Walmart. 🐘
wpbf: Walmart now giving discounts on online orders if you pick them up in stores 
The potus may want to pull out of Paris climate agreement, but  Walmart is going HAM.  Sustainability  climatechange 
ITS!! WALMART!! AINT!! NOBODY!! SURPRISED !!! 
 Target  this is why people shop at Walmart 
 tcg17 Say No to Walmart! Check this out.
WALMART IS PLAYING "KISSING YOU" BY MIRANDA COSGROVE. WTF I CAN'T.
Otp w/ boo while hes at walmart getting me tampons💀 "oh these look the ones you use except they say super!??" 😂💗
like why you gotta follow me at walmart? you know i love to go there 🙄
 AKATheMaskedMan Let me guess.... you graduated from......   Walmart !?!
 quickcalls can be used to supplement low minute plans if you are using this telcom hack: via  sai
Thanks to Hisoka/ SilverTalkie Walmart's video section will never be the the same again  HunterXHunter 
What you'll find at Walmart. 
Latest: Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime  Celebrity  Gossip
 Retail isn't dying it's just changing like it always does - 8  Retailers that are Opening New Stores  CRE 
the woman over the intercom at walmart called for my name & i kid you not she said "Liddy *20 seconds pause* Lawnman"
LAWNMAN 💀
Drunky McDrunkerson Confronts Former MMA Fighter Outside a Walmart? 
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime  bgr
Disney Funko Pop Vinyls- Walmart Exclusive Princess Unboxing 
Walmart Reveals a New Online Discount Program That Will Attack Amazon Not Any Having Stores via  TheStreet
Nicole just flirted with the guy at Walmart and is trying to deny it
👍🚀Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over via  TechCrunch
 GradySheppard You ever been to Walmart and seen the huge cardboard box filled with flipflops? They came out of there. Lol
just got followed around walmart so a skeezy man can hit on me 👍🏽
GWGs and Walmart whites. Do it 
Why can't I find the purple Doritos. Walmart what's good?
 DonaldRichard  retailgeek  web  jrichlive Guys - Walmart's annual revenue has grown from  345B to  486B in the last 10 years, + 141B
Walmart is so extra fr 😒
So, who is the genius that zhought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf aw Walmart?
I need to go to Walmart 🙄
I thought Trix Yogurt ceased to exist, but then I found some at Walmart, freaked out & bought it, & now my tastebuds have time traveled 🤤❤
Did you "peep" these new flavors yet?  👀  MysteryPEEPS 
Walmart Cuts Jobs And Drops Prices, Does This Signal The Death Of Retail?: Walmart is… 
Contrary to popular belief Walmart bags do not double as condoms 🤔
 gammonstark  DrewDaybell Costco for life. Walmart is probably the worst, tbh. Unless it's 4 am. 
 cnni  CNNStyle Not at Walmart.
Bet they still cannot get that big Walmart 15,000 container carrier from China in there. 
Prepare your Chanel v Walmart memes now 
Bih this portable charger pack thing for  15.00 from Walmart >  100 chargeable case any day 😎.
 lorenvibes_ Lol same tho like I went to Walmart and tried it on like all the mirrors 😂
I love the receipt checkers at Walmart. Amazing how  I never get stopped if I'm wearing long sleeves.
Only at Walmart can you find a fat woman in a scooter with a shirt that says "Buckle up buttercup, you just flipped my bitch switch"
There's a bird in Walmart, it's quite the majestic scene
Walmart to offer discounts on products bought online and picked up in store- discount based on last mile costs. 
. Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping… 
RA's can be such buzzkills dude it's like they're the store manager who thinks they are hot stuff for running a Walmart
 cnnbrk cops r paid too much money./. they should have less in wages.. they can always go work at walmart or join t… 
Really big bags of M& M easter eggs are   13ish at Walmart .....   but have a  3 off coupon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
In an effort to keep customers engaged,  Walmart will offer discount option to those who choose to ship purchases t… 
We are hiring!!  
Walmart in Florida....... 
Walmart n chill?
I'm trying to sell my ps4, and some one had the nerve to ask for  military vet discount???? BITCH IM NOT WALMART
Caught on Camera: Man Steals  100 From Child at Walmart | Fox News Insider ➜… 
Walmart smells like shit, babies are screaming and I'm ready to die
Apparently nobody at WalMart wants this shit 
BEAT 💄 Trendy Glossy Eyelid Tutorial & Chit Chat (Walmart is crazy) 
Wow!  According to this map, Walmart employees half the United States. 
 yakkigonzalez lol let's dress up and go shop at Walmart 😂
Fighting back against crow's feet!  Olay  Walmart  28DaysofOlay AD   via  magicalsiblings
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime via  YahooTech 
How Walmart Just Made its Online Prices Cheaper in its War With Amazon: The fight between… 
Walmart killed my high. Smh
"Drunk Man Confronts Former MMA Fighter Outside a Walmart, With Unexpected Result That's the right way 2 handle it!  
 TakisUSA I haven't seen them in Walmart in NC or anywhere near ATL 😭I miss them!
Me: *walks into Walmart and sees my fav worker* OOOO CRUZ YOU GOT THICKER THANA SNICKER

Cruz: *poses* I'm just a squirrel lookin for a nut
Only 3 Businesses Can Say At Least 84% of US Consumers Spent With Them in 2016 
 Walmart,  McDonalds, and  Target

. Walmart Want when y'all our giving us less than 20 hours a week. Stop being money hungry
 mmj5838 TBH I call my mom almost every time I go to Walmart to ask where certain things are so you're def not alone
 gammonstark  UFFPodcast Probably Walmart
I wish  Walmart actually cared about their associates. People have families and want to go for their dreams. But they can't do what they
Price versus convenience tightrope: Walmart to give price incentives to pick up online orders… 
I see you Walmart with your cute trendy clothes 👀
 PopCravings Zayn outsold Walmart's Bowie 😂
 carolinamayen Walmart, Amazon... 🤔
Walmart is putting a million items on discount if you buy in person — but is it worth your time? We did the math.… 
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of  Amazon Prime 
Publix Pharmacy Locator - Walmart Pharmacy Bentonville Ar - Hillsborough  ChildLocator  GPStrackerforkids  Bwatch 
Read my thoughts on what Walmart's new discounts mean... 
A secret shopping was following me around Walmart so I just stared at them until they walked away. Fucking moron. I am not dumb
People of Walmart  Fun 
Sometimes Walmart has cute stuff 
 Walmart to start offering discount option to customers who choose to ship purchases to store instead of home 
Walmart really needs a section of the Hispanic aisle dedicated to Mexican candy
Abm Caffery, near  Walmart, is closed in both directions b/c of accident. Expected to be re-opened around 5:00.
 chrisjacobsHC  Walmart If I miss a week going to Walmart, I just send them a check for  50.  It's cheaper that way… 
How we get a Quick and Easy Calcium Fix with Yogurt  walmart  CalciYUM  Yoplait  ad 
Self checkout at Walmart just proves that I absolutely can fit 15 bags of veggies into one plastic bag.
we got walmart
working at walmart is gonna make me appreciate being a professional writer so much more when that day comes.
walmart's incentive to buy online and pick-up ins store 
This is first big way Walmart is tapping jet . com's playbook. 
 talkhoops  KristenLedlow JP Smooth is like the walmart version.
Drunk man challenges ex-MMA jujitsu champion to a fight - and the UFC ace shows what it is to be a true hero. 
"there's no walmart in Syria, just targets." 
I love trey 😂😂😂
 Blixemi you can buy 12 for a dollar at Walmart. The only reese's I liked though are the banana ones : p
Did you really go to Walmart on 27th if you didn't see someone get arrested?! 🤔
 stephenblong — worked in the walmart wireless department. All I said was we were unable to do that. I got wrote up.
Walmart future under Marc lore is shaping up 
Walmart Cuts Jobs And Drops Prices, Does This Signal The Death Of Retail? via  NewsRepublic
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Plano, TX 
Damn Walmart doing RETURN STICKERS cuz mfs go to the store to steal off the racks to return them....
The Shocking Truth About What It Would Cost Us All If Walmart Paid A Living Wage 
A new way to save even more money at Walmart  Walmart
How cool is this?! Outdoor Wood Steamer Lounge  ad  springtime
Grocers are making headway in the fight for food market share against Walmart, Costco  canada
 thelizarddqueen  kindzet It's actually at my local Walmart, in the fresh produce section by the meat alternatives. It's so good
 MyBleedingInk2  Ballpit_Gangsta  Lucid_Drinking  YodaNic I'm lucky to have a Kroger *Signature* (😅) right by us, b… 
. bgkittrell feels like Walmart decided to leverage their distribution but missed attacking the power of Amazon Prime as a loyalty program
Overheard in Walmart checkout: mother to 5 y/o daughter "do we really need that cotton candy?" Kid: "yes we do!" 

I'm with you, kid.
 RealLyndaCarter  MonsterJam When can I find that in a 1:64 scale on Walmart shelves? Same with Monster Energy, Nor… 
I just spent so much money at Walmart ugh
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  tech
Retweeted FOX Business ( FoxBusiness):

Walmart extends online discounts, cuts more jobs amid pricing war with... 
Look what I found FINALLY..At  Shopko!  PTXofficial  PTXVOL4 I'm ashamed of  Walmart.. 
But some people where khaki bottoms and a solid tee to walmart and it's confusing 
My hair is wet and I have to go to Walmart 
Wal-Mart vs. Aldi vs. Kroger, vs...do you really need to compete with  walmart to get ahead? via  Gregofthepacker… 
This old bitch in Walmart tried it !
Big update in missing  ElizabethThomas case. Kidnapper Tad Cummins left a note... by  NancyGrace via  c0nvey
 BookAndABow "By mall I mean Walmart" 😂😂😂 hilarious! (Clearance jewelry though - now that's some cheap thrills!)
 shekills /  empirestateofthedead out by  grativasventures - click link 2 buy    target  walmart  bestbuy  horror… 
 Walmart .92 Aquafresh Toothpaste   Walmart! 
 annkur I still see strong chances of Walmart toppling amazon
Growing up with  Yoplait Yogurt!  ad  CalciYUM  Walmart 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Walmart surprise ball... get it or forget it?!?! Mar 27 & 28
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon 
This should be blown up into poster size and sold at Walmart 
Baffled!!! At Advanced Auto two of the front blades for my car were over  40 and at Walmart just under  20 😱
Dear  Walmart you suck. That is all.
 sierra_clerc Why is this such a high quality pic did u have a photoshoot at walmart
. bgkittrell I see the attraction of a Walmart deal but don't think this strategy pulls any Amazon shoppers to Walmart. Misses sweet spots.
 chesterlockhart  ItsMeJenniT Dying at  walmART 😂😂😂
Walmart offers discounts for picking up online orders at stores  Walmart  OnlineShopping  Retail  //  
Retail Focus 4/11/17 – 7-Eleven Grows Store Count Through Acquisition, More Walmart Layoffs.  Retail  podcast  new 
 Kate_Lawhorn Walmart, alone, is my nightmare.
To Walmart for him to get some stuff. And out of curiosity I go to check to see how much windshield wipers are there and I'm completely...
The Ultimate Guide: selecting a multichannel platform to sell on Walmart, eBay, Google 
She realized that her 2-year-old son wanted a hug, so she picked him up and gave him a quick cuddle. During the... 
Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store 
Y'all pray for whoever was in that wreck on ambassador in front of Walmart when I passed the only recognizable thing was the back of the car
Walmart Invasion! 
5. i don't like pubic pools. like i'd rather buy my own kiddie pool from walmart than go into a pool filled with strangers lmao
Would people still be throwing shade at  SavMonyLivBttr if it were a Target/Kroger instead of a Walmart?
when u go to walmart & realize ur beyonce  walmART photo by  itsmejennit art dept by… 
Found this at Walmart today and thought I'd give it a whirl for dinner tonight.

 food… 
I got all the old ladies in Walmart ready to cuss these folks out 😂😂😂
Andd that's why i don't like shoping at walmart 😂
 Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for  Amazon to beat  retail
May a policy like this: Gross favoritism = Gross Negligence  Walmart
 RoyEnglish IS BEING PLAYED IN WALMART RN??? I LIKE IT
When I say I work from anywhere , I mean anywhere and everywhere. At Walmart with my sleepy boy… 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon 
Not only did he do that BUT HE STALKED ME. FROM WALMART TO DRUG MART. I. AM. SHOOK.
I would choose to go to Walmart on the day that they're doing maintenance on EVERY SINGLE SELF CHECKOUT STATION.
why it's a damn subway in every walmart?
Sitting in my car with my sister I look over to my left and there is a guy peeing eye level to my face. This is why I don't go to Walmart.
Lol becuz we buy fruit of the loom t shirts from Walmart. 
casually just saw my principle at walmart
In Walmart  Goin Crazy W Bird  Y🅿️N🌏 
Cedarbrook Walmart blows my shit dog 🤦🏽‍♂️
Me ha gustado un vídeo de  YouTube (- Toybiz HULK meets Marvel Legends Walmart Hulk. Unwrapping video).
Amazon | Deep Kneading Shiatsu Neck Massager – LOWEST PRICE EVER! via Price Match at Walmart, ... 
Free Cake Mate Candles via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at Walmart - Did ... 
Walmart is putting a million products on sale, battling Amazon. But there's a big catch.  ecommerce  socialmediama…
Before & After: Inside  Walmart's New  NeighborhoodMarket Format  retail 
 Walmart No, hopefully I will have time tomorrow. And when I do, I will SURELY let you know
Walmart will give you a discount if you pick up your online order from a Walmart store  
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  Deals  Discounts
This is how big your smile looks when you're helping your community!  Thank you Paradise Valley Walmart for your ge… 
The moment you see someone shopping in pjs...i guess the trash from walmart was full😂😂😂
 witchoratchetass
I liked a  YouTube video Donut Cheeseburger?! | 10 Strange Walmart Items!
Earth Balance Nut Butter  1.43 at Walmart via Printable Coupons | Deal Seeking Mom™ - Grab this ... 
Earth Balance Nut Butter  1.43 at Walmart  DealSeekingMom
tell me why I'm having the worst luck   Walmart rn. 🙃
Pickup Discount: How Walmart's new deal could save you money next time you shop online - Details on  News4at530 
A new way to save even more money at Walmart 
 AMRiotto  AprilCArmstrong Better than Walmart but not real fancy 😂 
 mikeymanfs your Walmart videos 
. Walmart leverages its brick/mortar stores for  ecommerce advantage over  Amazon.  grocery  retail  pgrocer  BOPIS
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon -ZDnet - 
Me at Walmart the day after Easter 
For Sale - Hercules BluRay Dwayne Johnson Walmart Exclusive Steelbook NEW  via  eBay
 Win a  20 Amazon, PayPal, Walmart, Target, or Starbucks Gift Card! Ends in 32 days!  giveaway  free  old 
My Walmart credit card is even better because that credit line doesn't even exist.
Getin' Married To Muh Sweetheart, At the Walmart  UnwrittenCountrySongs
Thanks Laura Phillips for the update on Walmart Sustainability & upcoming Project Gigaton!  TSCsmt 
 Walmart you motherfuckers send my package to the wrong address I fucking dare
 McKellogs Is it a fancy lamp or "I got this at Walmart for back to school" lamp? Either way, impressive.
 snypelife For questions about the Walmart Rewards MasterCard, please call 1-888-331-6133.
Walmart wore us out
I love my new table.  Talk about rockstar.  Plus this Walmart is remodeled.  I'm at 1400 Lawrenceville Highway Lawrenceville.  LetMeSetUp1st
 SpongeBoost Me either .. Walmart working already
That Walmart was 5 minutes from my house. Everyone sort of...went on like it was normal. No one questioned. We have an obligation.
How  Walmart wields its IRL stores in its battle with Amazon ?!  eCommerce  Marketing  PR -SocialIntelligence  bm
 EvanCabralSilva  SenSanders Walmart has the highest amount of employees on welfare. Waltons bring home billions in… 
.92 Aquafresh Toothpaste   Walmart! 

Go Here -->>   
.92 Aquafresh Toothpaste   Walmart! -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
 xo_jadann I can telllllllll 😩 .. baby girl don't you know perms only  7.49 at Walmart 😂😂
Advice do not come to Walmart at 4pm if ur just getting a jar of pickles and half and half.
Corporate jobs in peril at  Walmart as the  retailer announces more  layoffs: 
Mom Sees Homeless Man Holding Up An Unusual Sign In A Walmart Parking Lot - 
This is why we need feminism. When I was 17 or so a woman at the Walmart photo kiosk was shot by her ex. Middle of… 
 WalMart to eliminate hundreds of corporate  jobs gobally: Report 
Admittedly I've never been very good,at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays e women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
 WalMart, Advanced  Microgrid Solutions to Turn  BigBox Stores Into  HybridElectric Buildings, via  greentechmedia 
 OFH_John  jehorowitz  Walmart  ProcterGamble Sleeping Giants where are you? Stop this!!
Yay bought a game (was on sale at Walmart) time for it to update all day 
Simple easy VPS  HOSTING  blogging | Link Building | Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts…
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  Amazon 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon -  
Walmart Spring Beauty Box ~Embrace Your Beauty!! Anytime you buy a full size item from Soapbox… 
Zaits missing Game 1 is the worst thing to happen to Keswick since they opened that damn  Walmart back in 2010  HateItNoThanks
Nothing like random trips to walmart with ur best friends to find a giant hampstet ball but coming out with jelly beans and bubbles instead
There are like a whole 3 normal people that work at Walmart... tttthhrrreeeeeeee... (excluding managers, but some of them are weirdos too)
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pekin, IL 
 AP  ConversationUS Those kinds of jobs would surely, SURELY beat working in poverty   Walmart. This has to be thou… 
 The_Godless_Fox Put a Walmart in that abortion+zoo & you've got one stop shopping & entertainment for all!
 NicRoman4L -Walmart
I just saw coach Mims at Walmart.
Walmart Cuts Jobs And Drops Prices, Does This Signal The Death Of Retail? 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cabot, AR 
Alex Song is very defensive of Walmart when activists stormed the stage. Angered at the intrusion? Or inner dealings with Walmart?  chtown17
TGG having fun at our local Walmart 
 Walmart your stores are a Zoo of the worst people. Its just gross man
 rosechan789 OMG I'm going to Walmart in a bit I'm glad you sent this
Many thanks to the Columbus IN  Walmart for donating food to help feed first responders at the plane crash in Barth… 
Easter shopping done!  Just in,  58 
Walmart was scamming today I'm glad I realized tho
Deals – LEGO Disney Princess Anna’s Snow Adventure Building Kit  12.95   Amazon & Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (MILK GALLON SMASHING) // DOING YOUR DARES
ppl at Walmart kill me🤣🤣🤣
Ohhh look like he stopped by Walmart for supplies before lunch 
We meeting up, Walmart to Walmart, western union, pay pal, quickpay, cash app?! How you wanna do it folk 
its such a beautiful day why am i locked up inside walmart
You can get a belt from walmart 
That Walmart was just crowded as shit
 UnwrittenCountrySongs Walmart went outta business
 blakespot I bought mine at WalMart.
The Greatest Chess Match in Retail History. Your move Amazon. Well played Walmart. 
Best joke — Gucci vs walmart 
 WestWingReport  baileelee Technically, in private, Spicer argues that Auschwitz was the "Walmart Super Center of Holocaust centers."
i'm not the typa person to go to dolphin like i'm the type to go to walmart and target and shit 😂🤷‍♀️
 UnwrittenCountrySongs
All my Walmart co-workers hate me since I broke up with him
If Walmart offers the same product for the same price as Amazon, with free in store pickup (same or next day), I'm going with Walmart. 💯
 jimcramer It takes four hours to get my faith back in humanity when I visit a Walmart. Costco and Sprouts for me. Whole Fds dead
Hey I can buy my ass in walmart lolz 
I CHANGE MY MIND WALMART HAS PRINGLES 
Walmart Cuts Jobs And Drops Prices, Does This Signal The Death Of Retail? via Tara Dodrill
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Butler, PA 
Meridian neighbors celebrate Walmart grand opening 
Here’s how Walmart plans to use in-store drones to move merchandise  Drones 
Walmart's new anti-Amazon weapon offers cheap, but the world wants easy via  bfly by  sbanjo
Already hate going to Walmart maybe this will help 
i thought i was just hearing  backstreetboys in my head but nah Walmart is playing Quit Playing Games so it's lit 💃🏼
Man my gmommy so mean. I asked this lady to take me to Walmart she said why, so you can get some Debbie Cakes 😂🤦🏾‍♀️💀
ugghhh. ds didnt have what i need so i have to go to walmart after all
Fuckin hate working at Walmart 😒
Still didn't even go to Walmart 🙄
Walmart Issues Recall After Dead Bat Found Inside Popular Packaged Food 
 Benisocoolike just a fancy way of saying a store like target or walmart or gamestop
. advmicrogrid is partnering with  Walmart to power stores in Southern California using  batteries and  solar 
Hmmm. Scrubs included? Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if opt for store pickup over shipping… 
How To Drop Shipping An Item From Amazon Walmart And ETC: via  YouTube
 Jlmcnair1128 I think I know what you're talking about! The one near Walmart?
 Jay_Azeltine  Walmart Someone don't like you
Walmart extends online discounts, cuts more jobs 
Walmart Cuts Jobs And Drops Prices, Does This Signal The Death Of Retail?  walmart
Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store…  eCommerce  TC… 
 _morgannicoleee walmart is pet friendly
 Kids  Toys Marvel  Legends Ultimate  Spiderman Walmart exclusive action  Figure loose  Toy… 
 KloppTheBoss we don't need to see your  50 Walmart computer
Walmart Offers Discounts For Online Purchases Picked Up In Stores by  TWICEonline 
im sitting on the floor of the walmart arcade eating, hows your day?
Drunk Man Confronts Former MMA Fighter Outside a Walmart, With Unexpected Result 
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart I already have the lattice print curtains (see my pic) now I want the decorative pillows to… 
First Walmart put a bat inside their salad, now someone finds a scorpion in spinach..Guess companies are getting cr… 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon via  ZDNet &  natalienoell
Fuck it I'll go back to Walmart until I find a job in my field.
Why is Walmart so packed today
 Brown0217  RealLyndaCarter I'm sure the hot wheels version will be out next year. There are about four dollars at Walmart or Toys "R" Us.
 spooky_skully Wow! That is awesome. Enjoy your  meowl day -Hal
Just joined the walmart family
If you do this.. fuck you..  walmart  bridgewater  novascotia 
 ShaeeeSmoove you don't work at Walmart nomo
At Walmart, you can now buy Peeps and Prada. 
Walmart discounts items ordered online, picked up in store via  CNET
 StephenLimLA here's a question - did you happen to have any dealings with selling the land to Walmart?  chtown17
That's too funny. This guy actually graduated from GVSU but is a Wolverine fan--the ultimate Walmart Wolverine 
it funny when i fuck sexy girls at walmart and i took a shit what video to make now
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
only in wisconsin do snacks and liquor and wine share an isle in walmart. i love my state.
Investigators w/  TravisCoSheriff say suspect was seen shopping    Walmart w/ the attorney the day before he was fo… 
“Market crashes are the best times to buy,” he said. “When Walmart has a sale, everybody would run in to buy. But... 
Can't wait to get free  tide &  downy samples on Sat. at  walmart to give me a  newschoollaundry makeover 
Walmart Expands Its E-Commerce Ambitions With a New Investment Arm
 CRE  retail  retailer  Ecommerce  investments
Shinedown - Enemies (Walmart Soundcheck) (Live) (HD) 
Yo  Walmart I bought a crockpot from you but there was only a lid in it?? 
I always get an education when I shop at the Walmart on East Arrowhead Parkway.
Did  Walmart just make itself  amazon-proof?


Why am at Walmart and not in NYC 😔 
Walmart to discount online only items sent to stores.... their latest strategy to compete with Amazon...
Fuck you walmart, they're a dollar at Sprouts 
 omggandrea go get food from walmart if you dont wanna tip dont be an asshole
Dream On Me, 4-in-1 Mini Portable Convertible Crib -  99.99: Walmart offers Dream On Me, 4-in-1 Mini Portable… 
 AnneLatimes  YungSivkit  StephenLimLA Walmart's land donation, however, does little to mitigate the damage it did… 
I will never feel harder than I just did buying a case of beer from Walmart. I am 100% peaking :/
 Pineapples on sale for 2.78/lb 😂  walmart  healthy  fruit  basket  healthyliving  painted… 
Walmart automotive fluids clearance  6.50 and up HUGE YMMV B&M (3 replies)
Download Ossys  Deals app on  Android a…… 
6V Disney Finding Dory Toddler Quad Ride-On Walmart  29 + Free Store Pickup (3 replies)
Download Ossys  Deals app …… 
 Retail  trends: A new way to save even more money at Walmart via  freep
You know it's date party season when you see all  of your sisters at Walmart trying to pick out things for their outfits
Celebrate Spring w/ this raw Shaved Spring Vegetable Salad with Crispy Turkey  Walmart  BeyondTheSandwich AD… 
 StephenLimLA  wj_tcg17 The Song's have one parcel of land which is directly adjacent to Walmart plot. The foundati… 
To get Walmart's latest online discounts, you still have to visit the store 
Turkey & Avocado BLT recipe from  Walmart

Get  MealInspirations at  ad 
 Reuters You lost your seat and acted lile a todler throwing a tantrum in walmart and got you butt spanked for being a bad kid. Turd.
 truthhertz Check these guys out for budgeting help and ideas. How Walmart Just Made its Online Prices Cheaper ... 
We may be rapidly heading toward  WorldWar3, but on the plus side the stripper poles are nearly half off at Walmart. 
yooooo 3 flat tires in 4 weeks??

What kind of shit tires you selling  Walmart
News Update: Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon 
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime  downloader  androidapps
 Deanofcomedy  SXMInsight Never Hobby Lobby, Chick-fil-A, Walmart and others.
Oh yeah I got to thank Walmart for the delivery of my  LG 25in Ultrawide Monitor
 sale Dream On Me, 4-in-1 Mini Portable Convertible Crib -  99.99: Walmart offers Dream On Me, 4-in-1 Mini Portable… 
I wish Walmart wasn't so shitty, guess I'll have to wait until around 10 tonight to eat something today. :/
Retail Outsourcing: Amazon vs. Walmart -  usatoday  thetimes  - Follow me - 
 RichBltzr Walmart brand logan lerman
It's like  superman vs  batman in retail  Amazon vs  Walmart! Walmart’s  ShoeBuy Purchases  Shoes.com Domain… 
We caught sight of the custom embossed Lifestyle Cover we designed for  VWIGreenhouse at  Walmart with their… 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon  cloud 
Is Walmart America’s largest church, or is it McDonald’s? People love eating the youth, especially if they are ground up & renamed Big Macs.
Hales "sir where are your sunflower seeds" Walmart worker "the garden section" 😂😂 wrong ones  Haley_N_Miller
 OmniDestiny I have never and will never shop at a Walmart. I can't stand their business practices.
THIS PISSED ME OFF AND GAVE ME THE MOTIVATION I NEEDED TO GO STEAL 40 ROLLS OF FILM FROM WALMART FUCK THE SYSTEM 
I have officially lost my mum at Walmart
I am now accepting applications for a new mum
 SamsClub Can a sam's store credit card (not the mastercard) be used online at 
 TamariLion like at a Target or Walmart
I get cancer everytime I go to Walmart.
 bone_app_teeth Nothing wrong with that! Any chips and dips with your beer and hot dogs? -Hal
they sell space jam shirts at walmart now and i really wanna buy one and wear it unironically
 trishasalee  JiffyLubeCares bet, I'm at walmart and I'm struggling 💀
Walmart really be getting me with the as seen on tv section lol
Deadass ran into this at Walmart lmao 😂😭 
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon | ZDNet 
You'll never guess what pipsqueak I ran into at Walmart running his jabrony mouth...  TheRock haha 
new  Walmart program- discount on items bought online, if picked up in store eg. buy a tv get  50 off
 tech  media
Yup. I'm pretty sure all those yellow lines mean "park here".  NailedIt at Walmart North 16.  omaha  councilbluffs 
officially no longer a temp at walmart aka i'm not scared to call out sick anymore 😂
already spent too much money and haven't even been to walmart yet 🤦🏽‍♀️
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime: 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Summerville, SC 
 JWonggg  Shine_NYC  PunkDaGod Yea true ramen is where it at.  Never look at Walmart 25 cent packs of Ramen the same again.
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime ~ Visit Here: 
Working at Walmart makes me want an Easter basket 😩
I will not pay Costco to shop there & I rarely buy food at Walmart. Instead I shop at Freshco, Food Basics, Metro &… 
People Ask:"So how is the apartment hunting goin for this next fall semester??"
Me:"Well I have heard Walmart sells some pretty nice tents"
 ajones9521  AdamStallings if I go to Walmart by myself with a two year old and a lot of money you're gonna be broke and on the couch 🤗
Order online, pick up in store, save money. By competing with Amazon, Walmart is giving shoppers some big deals

[ eCommerce ] Walmart offers online customers discounts for store pickups; cuts corporate, e-commerce jobs as it… 
me: time to stop tweeting about the chanel vs walmart joke, it's been over for hours 

also me: 

 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart  win  WalmartWednesday I love Decorative pillows. I even have that comforter set.
There are three things you need to know before shopping at Walmart
 via  po_st
I got hit on at Walmart and got followed out to the parking lot. SOS. lol.
Shout out to  walmart  pharmacy staff . Ya'll fucking suck are your job. 10 people back there getting no work done running there mouths  wtf
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime  tech
Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime  MobileTechNews 
Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over 
Maurice's move is underway from Smith Farm to the Walmart Center. 
Just go to walmart w some fire festival makeup 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Morgan Hill, CA 
Walmart top 2 funniest places ever
 AlexiaMariebae The gym by Walmart that the OTHER Alexis works at 😂
 Walmart:  49.88  Baby Trend Expedition Jogger  Stroller Shipped! ( 85 Value)  deals
Modern Farmhouse tablescape using  BHGLiveBetter products &  50  Walmart gift card giveaway!  ad 
This year I've been in Walmart more times just to screw around than to actually buy something. That's what Ohioians do for fun.
Walmart ran out of snax so I had to run to Kroger instead. Classic. 
You Can Actually Buy Prada, Saint Laurent and Balenciaga at Walmart - Observer  Hautecouture  Fashion
Yall studs gon stop buying up all the briefs too. Whole section of Hanes be empty in Walmart when i go
 jehorowitz meanwhile.. b/c  adtech is a mess  walmart &  ProcterGamble  & many more brands sponsor content like th… 
Walmart is next.  482,000,000,000 at 12% for  universalbasicincome is  57,840,000,000. Walmart can help 2,892,000 people.  WealthyCorpse
I hate going into Walmart makes me  Want to cry lmao..
Bright Starts Lights & Sounds Funpad Musical Toy  5.88 (41% off)   Walmart 
 lindseeyyouung Best time of my life! Then you tried on the pajamas at Walmart lmao 😂😂
Wal-Mart's future under Marc Lore is starting to take shape Smart move Walmart. Also add quality in your products
❤ Entertainment  Buzz KATY PERRY - California Gurls - WALMART  CD w/ HOT N COLD Yelle REMIX!  KatyPerry  Auction… 
If you were drunk and confronted an MMA fighter, you might get blasted.Tom DeBlass did something way more uncommon 
 escobar703_ Boy you whippin that 24 speed mountain bike from Walmart 🤔😴
 PopCravings walmart mv
Bitch im pulling up.at walmart in my bonnet & slippers wassup 😂😭😭
Some guy just almost ran me over in the Walmart parking lot and he apologized me when I was getting chocolate milk 😂
 trumwill I wish Walmart would offer RC to its online grocery customers.  It would give me an opportunity to stock up.
Walmart and FedEx is playing w/ me! My fuck'n bed was suppose to be here TODAY..😒
Just seen the sexiest nicca yo at walmart. If daddy wasn't with his son, I would have flirted a little bit.
Got the girls the cutest little Jellies from Walmart, on  4.98 a pair too? Yas!
When Elephants fight the ground shakes...cant wait to see what low hanging fruit drops

Pekin Walmart is fucking disgusting
Forum update: there seems to be a lot of backlash against Walmart in… 
 RepublicaWorld  lourdesmateo  Walmart  LiliEstefan  1solesearcher  theRozSilva  criseche  jorgeplasencia Great team!!!!  MejorContigo
 GayMeowth My mom just went to Walmart a while ago you're late
 nikkilipstick I missed these so much, I look for them in Walmart all the time 😻😻😻❤️❤️❤️😄😄😄
You Can Actually Buy Prada, Saint Laurent and Balenciaga at Walmart 
National Account Manager - Walmart job at Brown-Forman - Bentonville  Indeed  jobs
The walmart 3's😂 
You Can Actually Buy  Prada,  Saint_Laurent and Balenciaga at Walmart: Along with Isabel Marant,…… 
Finds Americans Spend Big At Walmart and Other Bargain Retailers | |  NeriumDad 
Is Walplex some sorta fake/copy Walmart?  13reasonsWhy
 Walmart I hope Emma at the Plaza Côte-Des-Neiges in Montreal who works for  Walmart could go up in the Walmart hierarchy I would be glad.
 aidaayamarisx_ Walmart lol
Donald E. of La Porte, TX  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
 hale_kati Walmart has it! In can form, but it's my favorite right now!
Grocers are making headway in the fight for food market share against Walmart, Costco 
 ralphrenzo_ PAR! You don't need to tell me because I looked everywhere! Walmart,Target,7 Eleven,Navy Exchange. This is unbelievable!
amber might starting working at walmart with me :)))))))
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
Just saw a Walmart commercial for Easter. Kids finding eggs using a drone.
Walmart owns the adjacent land, but donating back. Hm.  chtown17 
walmart got some fine ass associates but the niggas be no good.
 ajones9521 go to Walmart with me
- Mia Kids' 4-Shelf Bookcase (Brown)  86.40 (
Need volunteers to go to Walmart and shop with me & Bentley later 👀
Deals: Mia Kids' 4-Shelf Bookcase (Brown)  86.40 (
Walmart Anchors Largest Shopping Center in Rialto via  cpexecutive sbcadvantage
Still shopping at Walmart? Stop...just stop! You are not saving a dime! 
Today in random fashion news:  Walmart and  Prada have now been used in the same sentence 
Something tells me our "leader" aka  realDonaldTrump wont be taking credit for this. 
I just went out soooo bad in Walmart parkin lot 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
 sara_macdonald2 Walmart misses you so much!!!!!!!
just overheard a frat boy on the phone: "well grandma didn't make me an easter basket so i had to make my own, from walmart at that" ??? boi
Im in Walmart in Jackson and literally everyone in here is white and it's really uncomfortable
shopping at walmart 
Yay walmart! Makes shopping so much faster when I don't have to read labels at every turn.… 
Lol north Walmart
Grocers are making headway in the fight for food market share against... Grocery stores could be making headway
 JADillahunt13 We got a Mickey Mouse one at Walmart
I needs to go to Walmart tonight, like it's a must
How Walmart Just Made its Online Prices Cheaper in its War With Amazon  MAKEMONEYONLINE 
. BlondieOfficial Walmart ad tho . I'm glad everyone is paid 💰but... then again I wouldn't be turning down those 000000's either all love✌🏻
Calls Walmart: hey I need some shit how bout you help me out ducks
Walmart: okay*put on hold for 30 minutes*  Adkinstk16
 SavMonyLivBttr Walmart throwing money at a problem again. No integrity.   chinatownForChinatowners  chtown17
 ViralG We can definitely check on the availability of this item and Walmart exclusives. We'll follow up with you shortly
I feel like they broke up wimme 😂😂 like noooo we was just taking a selfie at Walmart together💔
 yashar Who doesn't like paying more at Walmart?
 walmart  america  american  print  usa  proud   Walmart Merritt Island 
Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat via  BI_Europe 
 SenSchumer  victory1261 Hey...if he took action against China, the Walmart imperium would have him run out of town… 
 Walmart could  discount up to 1  million items 
2 dollar hoes on sale till Friday!  10% off if you use your Walmart… 
Walmart is the best I promise you!
 ryanwsawyer24  CLBoozer1975  Walmart That is a horrible image that I can not unsee
 Lisapatb Hi, Lisa!! It's so good to see you! Doing great. I still LOVE working at Walmart. I was starving for the… 
I went into Walmart for one specific plant. I left with a different plant (+ pot), a shovel, string lights, and a fire pit.
Berryman 15-oz. B-12 Chemtool Cleaner for  2 + pickup at Walmart - 
FREE!! I just cashed in on my Walmart Gift Card!! Sign up use my link 
PSA: there's about 8 cops up on mill plain and 192nd near Walmart and Dutch pulling people over for anything.
I just wrote a  theactionnet letter: Tell Walmart to Stop Selling Dolphin-Deadly Tuna. Write one here: 
❤ KatyPerry  Fashion KATY PERRY - California Gurls - WALMART  CD w/ HOT N COLD Yelle REMIX! Snoop  Bestseller  Buy…… 
Tell . Walmart to STOP buying seafood from Canadian sealers! Sign   sealhunt 
Everyone: cut carbs if you want to lose weigh fast 
Me: *cuts carbs for a day* *faints in Walmart* 😂
I swear you will find or see the weirdest shit ever at Walmart
Need to goto Walmart but my head hurts so bad. 🙃
 t_rockk23 But you have to go to walmart or cvs to print them off.. that good..??
headass of the year   walmart 
The power of Walmart  ecommerce + brick and mortar: customers win w/new discount for store pickup  retail
Man I swear, every single time I go to Walmart(which is barely ever) I see the weirdest fucking people😂
Who wants to take me to Walmart today so I don't have to go through 4+ church services this week without jolly ranchers?
I'm going to Walmart and making myself like 12 copies of my house key. I'm tired of being locked out lmao
Trying to see if I want Walmart or Sam'S cake I really want Sam'S but they don't have the cake I want for my baby
We love Curious George! Happy Easter, Curious George Book  8.29  ad  Easter
 1kCullen i just seen it in target yo , imma go see if it's in walmart 😂😂😂😂
Editing 45 minutes at  Walmart with no help! No  customerengagement over an hour to buy a lawnmower! My phone battery died trying film!
 Kris_4k I haven't seen Chrisiah since I brought her snacks at Walmart where they do that at 🤔
Walmart to offer discounts for ordering at home, picking up at the store. 
 notjessewalker Correct on the gerrymandering. We still have no guns at Walmart, better weather, and no one using the phrase "cowboy up."
From Crying Baby to Contented Baby Book!  7.96  ad  parenting  cryingbaby
Law-abiding responsible member of our well-regulated militia fires gun by dropping it in Texas Walmart.  gunsense 
EXPOSED: Walmart Selling Dolphin-Deadly Tuna 
 Walmart why do you have multiple check out lanes....but rarely more than half are open - while multiple customers stand I line?  Frustrated
 Walmart I ordered 1 bra & apparently it's so big that its box gets its own seat LOL 
I bought the bodysuit I'm wearing td from Walmart and it's actually cute af
Walmart Offers Cheap When People Want Easy

Baby Baby Baby! Book  5.79!   ad 
 jordancrowder Sexy? More like people of walmart! You don't want to stare but you can't look away.
 Trends_SP Yes amazon is the next Walmart/Target
Walmart Just Ain't Finna Cut It For Me 🤦🏼‍♀️
There's always a kid crying at walmart in the toy section
 lasctivist_Alex I can see if Walmart HQ is willing to donate people, but in the meantime this is the only tangible… 
 kbwalters8 We'd like you to contact our Online Help Team at  -Dee 2/2
THE SWITCH IS NOT WORTH  450 WALMART WHAT THE FUCK
 theshallowboyy  _xwolfie walmart 😂
 madesynxoxo  Glipinski13 when you get off we'll go to walmart
Walmart: 22 FREE Deals  coupon
remember when u called me at Walmart asking for toner. such a proud moment for me 
 Enquirer  WalmartNewsroom  Walmart Did you talk to Sean Spicer  ? Trying to figure who let down who  ?
My supreme hat flew off my head in the wind & I had to chase it in the walmart parking lot :((((
Walmart offers online discounts for in-store pick ups 
Givin a real good pass i mean by far 
We saw daddy at Walmart this afternoon! Liam was so excited as soon… 
Thanks.  Walmart I love my new shirt 😂 meowl 
Stuck at the walker Walmart for like 2 hours bc of stupid tires. Someone should come rescue me?!?!
*calls pharmacy*
"walmart pharmacy how may i help you?"
"yes, i need to request a refill."
"on a prescription?"

no. a coke. 🙄
 Photos of  Walmart's new-format Neighborhood Market. 
Y'all remember when Walmart would always say everyday they be dropping prices on items how come nothing ain't free yet then 🤔
how long has walmart had a carpeted entry
Bring on the omni-channel battle. Can Walmart's 'brick and mortar' muscle outperform Amazon's seamless CX? 
Guess I have to go inside walmart to ask them a question since nobody knows how to answer the phone!! 😡😠
Walmart discounts one million items to compete with Amazon 
Before & After: Inside Walmart's New Neighborhood Market Format 
How the hell did I just spend  70 in Walmart?
hi guys i eat shit at walmart then i make a video i love pyrocynical he is my daddy
Got a battery charger from Walmart but might buy one from somewhere else just in case this one breaks
Get a  25 Walmart Gift Card Now! 
 DahlRachael I got a succulent at Walmart a few weeks ago. Prettier than a cactus, but supposedly indestructible as… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Jesup, GA 
I might go to  offspring at Walmart AMP in Rogers, AR - Sep 19 
there are people tailgating in the walmart parking lot???? interesting
 figuremeouttoys  TOYSPOTTING  HOVAAA  JoeyShoots  metsandnesfan  FullyPoseable  FScopers  WWETNAfigures… 
Sometimes I really wish I could scream at the top of my lungs like grace does in Walmart and nobody judge me.
ZDNet: Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon by natalienoell 
 _ChiefElkins Bought a ladies groceries last night at Walmart, it felt just as good helping than it did when it was given to me.
Idk who Walmart think I am😤
Walmart... 
our very own  EMI_MichelleG in  cnbc via Euromonitor International  Retail  walmart  mrx 
 ReTweet  BabyFood  Beech Nut Goya Carrots Corn Stage 2 Baby Food 4 oz 
Americans favor Walmart according to a study that shows 95% of citizens shopped there last year.  J2150AB 
WALMART.
 yourrushmore Or Walmart for me...
 godfather I am setting here in Walmart parking lot crying. Sam Bass is one hell of guy. I am going to the diabetes web site now. Love Sam
juanas hype she did her own Walmart brand nails SHE BETTA 💀😭
I can't describe how much I hate Walmart
 schoonbear 1. Wait in line at Walmart 2. noodle for catfish
 brookewolfingt1 you got more snack then Walmart
Cashier at Walmart asked me "Why u even marrying her bro?" when I said my fiancee hadn't seen all Fast and Furious movies.
 Walmart TBH Idc about baseball but I just like the food 😂😂
East Bay Times: Walmart offers online discounts for in-store pick ups 
 AnneLatimes  YungSivkit  StephenLimLA Encroachment by Walmart on local businesses had concerned CHSSC but we are p… 
 shinibunny oh God like how the other bakery gal cried when I quit walmart jfc
Walmart on brook road is hella ratchet
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Harrisburg, PA 
 Nivisionprods idk who but most places ask for id now here and I could only get 2 at dollar general, 3 is Walmart limit
 Goals 1 of my goals this week was purchasing an additional dog cage ✔   Walmart Indianapolis -… 
 starbuck13502 The Kochs are in, like, everywhere, in everything, so it's like fighting Walmart almost.
Same reason I like Walmart tshirts, I like what I like and you like what you like..
Walmart on 47th so fucking unprofessional they ass irritating
 SuprNoteBlox They're on-sale at Toys "R" Us, Walmart, and Target stores.
Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon by  natalienoell
The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays.

 1u  UFCW8


 mrnoodleknight Oh my!  Let us try to help. Please visit They will need your order details.  Keep us updated. -Dee
 mma  martialarts Drunk Man Confronts Former MMA Fighter Outside a Walmart, With Unexpected Result  combat  ufc  b…
Closer shave? 

Try  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor &  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad… 
Walmart to discount online-only items delivered to stores via  MailOnline
Why is Walmart so fucking busy on a Wednesday?
I'd fucking kill myself before I worked at Walmart
"why are we going to walmart???" to see if your going to be an aunt or not .... oh sweet :)!
Printable Coupon:  3 off Bic Disposable Razors + Walmart Deal 
Walmart Takes Shot at Amazon with Online Order, In-Store Pickup Discount - 
i want the left and right versions of the You Never Walk Alone albums but im so broke i cant even afford a water bottle at Walmart lmAo
U don't go to Walmart cuz u got no money quit lyin to the good people 
All these games and Walmart chooses to play with us
 chtown17
Walmart Is Offering Discounts on Products You Buy Online, But There's One Catch 
It seems to me that you are just trying to throw money at a problem. People. Walmart. People & community members ar… 
bitch walmart basically out of all elf shit
A2: In many cases, digital is more personal than in-store.  Good luck finding a sales person at Walmart/Home Depot/Lowes etc  AdobeChat
Auto post BLOGGER, Just set your keyword & forget  SeoTips | Freelancer | Walmart offers online customers discounts…
 shannoncoulter  amazon STOCK says otherwise

AMAZON kicking ass
NOW 896

Comp=Walmart/Target 73/53

EVOLVING more… 
 ReginaDulanjali  Walmart  Flipkart  amazon Walmart controls the supply chain of the consumer goods in USA !!
This Guy Picked Up A Toy Guitar In Walmart. 15 Seconds Later My Jaw Was On The Floor! 
uses discounts for in-store pickups to fight Amazon  gaming 
 jimcramer Seriously. To save a few pennies maybe and walk the entire Walmart parking lot and then wander around th… 
Enter to Win a year's supply of  tide  downy  bouncefresh from  walmart via  jessicanturner 
 vegasgirlblog We don't have Walmart in the UK but I know what you mean :) I'll probably find a cheap one somewhere!
I've been sitting in my car outside of Walmart for 30 minutes and I still don't feel like going in
 Walmart to lower 💲on a million  online only items if you opt for store pickup over 🚚  TechCrunch 
 FoxNews  POTUS What are all the people chanting "nationalism" going to do when the prices at Walmart double? lol
Big Bird Women's Onesie (L only) for  6 + pickup at Walmart

PHOTO: Police obtained surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City, from March 15, 2017, sho 
There's a dude in my game named Walmart Fabric and he got killed and said "Stop finger blasting me I'm still a virgin you twat!" 😂😂😂
How Walmart Just Made its Online Prices Cheaper in its War With Amazon  job  money
 sarahs_chapter I know some office supply type places do! But a laminator should be like  20 at Walmart.
Been sitting in the same lane at Walmart for like 4 hours. Heaven forbid we open one more 😑
Neuro ( drinkneuro) is amazing. I kept seeing them in my local Walmart, Target and Walgreens and… 
 skullgems is your walmart that bad
the only store that does that to me is fucking.....kohls
 butterfly8871 Woot woot! It's always a pleasure to put a smile in your face. -Hal
Looks like a Walmart costume. 
 ramzpaul Ever been to a McDonalds inside a Walmart?
I'd like to steal one of those electronic scooter seats that fat people use in Walmart.
Dress for the job you want, not for the job you have.
But, I think I'll look ridiculous walking around Walmart dressed like Charlotte Flair.
Our Baby Registry 👶🏽🍼 
 hopefucker U don't know
I might have gone into Walmart and not have data service rn
Does any of these kids remind you of anyone in the last 72 hours? 
5 Walmart Tantrums via  YouTube
old lesbian couples at Walmart is the level of kindness I strive to have with others
 TaeSizzle_Baby My Bad I got you forreal next time I hit up Walmart
A councilor used the new charter to stop discussion on whether  PittsfieldMA should set standards on a Walmart... 
 wolfieraps I saw him at Walmart yesterday
Dude seriously fuck Walmart... And this past week...
drag gail — shops at walmart for clothes 
Special shout out to Marta, our cashier at the Walmart in Kissimmee for letting me know that oatmeal milk is from Columbia. She rocks.
These baskets  10 at the dollar store but I paid  3.99   walmart 
Workin at walmart has its perks.....somedays.
At least you got your politics from Walmart. Cheap, Low Quality garbage. 
I went to Walmart with my sister and she somehow sprained her ankle and cried on the floor for 5 minutes
Got this at Walmart  6.99 
It's funny how me and  GabrielaJ014 did the same thing  when we saw each other at Walmart 😂
Walmart Wants to Best Amazon With New Online Discounts on Store-Shipped Items 
Walmart broadens ways customers can grab discounts online 
 Walmart Wants to Best Amazon With New Online Discounts on Store-Shipped Items - 
Congrats  Be50Strong on being selected by  Walmart!
 MadeinUSA manufacturers, apply by June 28:… 
A Florida man was arrested after getting into a brawl over a  20 debt and Girl Scout cookies.  weirdcrimes
View your movies as the director intended, with true 16:9 aspect ratio. 
So thrilled to meet George Hill at a Walmart in Fishers in 2012! The game was canceled that night because of a bliz… 
About to catch a felony at Walmart
This is literally a Chanel vs Walmart situation . Just switch the pictures around 
. Walmart offers "pick-up discount" on 10,000 online items.  News18

 BeccCobain  Opheliaa_1 Oh God no, that was off the web. I am not a mean person! I have actually help a morbidly ob… 
You may note these were 11-dollar plastic frames from walmart, not wood frames with glass that would warrant this kind of packing.
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Pea Ridge, AR 
Drunk Man Confronts Former MMA Fighter Outside a Walmart, With Unexpected Result  inspiring 
Walmart to offer discounts to compete with Amazon  Walmart  bhive 
Pretty smart building a new Walmart DC, Love's , and Amazon fulfillment center all... 
Introducing Pick-Up discount!  Starting on 4/19, thousands of online items can be picked up in stores at a discount. 
 im3coolx You still work at Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lexington, KY 
Walmart: Free BIC Disposable Razor Packs 
 Walmart WHAT?!? Sharpie/prisma 12ct for  1.00!! ~Check your store!! 
Walmart: Free Axe Hair products! 
How Walmart Just Made its Online Prices Cheaper in its War With Amazon  money 
Wal-Mart will pay you to go into its stores ... sort of  walmart  technology  jet.com  omnichannel


 DerekKildall Walmart?? Duh
 DerekKildall At walmart you you can buy fake muscles
walmart got a lot of games out i might get a game from walmart or gamestop one of the stores.
 SearsAuto damn nice.  Walmart can you match that?
Alright someone in Walmart has some dank on them
Mom just pulled in the driveway bumpin Kamiayah "Fuck it up" after her walmart® trip..  BayAreaMom  Hyphy 😂🔈🔉🔊 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Burley, ID 
(A Walmart review of Stoned Wheat Thins mentions their rigidity in response to soup.)
I liked a  YouTube video TWO AIRHORNS vs WALMART INTERCOM (PRANK)(I GOT ARRESTED)
 J_Duncker  EGbrown_17  NoahBarker12  KinggAJ44  dairy_maniels  nicocollazo1323 I didn't know being a man consisted… 
Went to Walmart during my lunch & omg it's beautiful outside
❤❤ KatyPerry  Deals KATY PERRY - California Gurls - WALMART  CD w/ HOT N COLD Yelle REMIX! Snoop Dogg  Style…… 
 ripcharliemurphy   Walmart Huntsville - University Drive 
 Notorious_Woodz  BananaRepublic I guess poor people need someplace to shop a little nicer than Walmart, although t… 
 Walmart Fairbanks, AK lists an  HP printer in store at  79. It's  54 on Walmart's website. Won't price match. Won't allow in-store pick up!
I'm helping the Walmart employee's flip the prices in the store 😂   Dallas, Texas 
Authorities say a man is accused of making a threatening remark to a Walmart employee over the ownership of a beer. 
News:  Walmart,  Target and 6 other  retailers that have bucked trends to open new stores via  Newsweek 
 Enquirer  WalmartNewsroom  Walmart I would sell anything to Walmart. I'll sell ityself. Not for them
Our walmart SUCKS. Wish they would upgraded it a bit to provide more variety clothing for kids at least
hey guys dont mind me im just going to walk to walmart because im so desperate
Acquired Episode 19: Jet — Ben & David break down  3B+ acquisition by Walmart - 
 eljaykbg1991 Working at walmart n stealin wallits the usual
Walmart's new anti-Amazon weapon offers cheap, but the world wants easy (What?
 Are you surprised?) via  bfly
 Walmartplans discounts on in-store pick ups Stock Market: 
Get inspired when you visit The Walmart Museum and find the wonderful history of Walmart's humble beginnings.... 
Waka Flocka Flame to Perform Entire Concert in Walmart  5 Discount Bin 
 Ro_Geeee  ShinoTheShinobi  weeday420  LsKing09  youngrobstone You a fat ass walmart PND
 DylansSports1 and it sure was! walmart doesn't mess around with donuts 😍🌟
One click install VPS  HOSTING  blogger  blogger | Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing…
 Walmart in Fairbanks, AK is a rip off. They won't price match online items. Last time I checked, Alaska was part of USA.
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Wowsa!!!! Great Giveaway!!!! Gotta luv Walmart prices & Bargains. Thanks for a chance❤… 
Going back to Walmart in June , gonna get my savings looking right and get my life right. ☝🏾
I believe some teenager just uploaded a picture of me tagged: Seen in WalMart.
 PecheMelba113 But this Walmart has a soul)) and also i really loved when singers perform in their own language))
Alright the news main news was mama fight hugs a guy outside of a walmart & so i guess buring Syria is yesterdays news.
 BrianSozzi Amazon already does same-day delivery, so why would Walmart crush them?
 kmartt27 We have larges size slices and loaves available!  Walmart and most Costco's sell our 30oz loaves. Pls cal… 
.To go to Walmart and pick up some stuff for Sunday...😀
Fact: I've never purchased something from  Walmart. I've been in their stores a grand total of twice, I believe... 
To get Walmart's latest online discounts, you still have to visit the store -  GoogleAlerts  Leadership  training
Walmart offers online customers  Discounts for store pickups; cuts corporate, e-commerce  Jobs as it takes on… 
Why are you so obsessed with everything Michigan State? You're such a Walmart Wolverine that it's sad. Don't you ha… 
My grandma asks me to go to walmart with her just to help her carry stuff. Then we end up buying way more than we came for😂
Check your blood pressure monthly. Go any nearest Walmart.
 moggiedelight and our walmart sadly doesn't carry buckram ;W; the other 2 are 30 mins away so it'd have to be up to if my mom could take me
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter Liquor Store with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Walmart never answer they damn phone 😑
 idekwhyjensen_ UHM BIH WALMART
Shouldn't even be comparsed... Koldun is KING. Chanel vs Walmart 😅 
 epistionto  realDonaldTrump Chinese made military stuff is complete junk... Look at crap you get at walmart 🤔
Pittsfield Tables Talks Over Rumored Walmart Supercenter  WAMCNews  Berkshires
I have been to walmart 3 times on my day off this sucks.
Hope i get this job at Walmart 🙏
"Drunk Man Confronts Former MMA Fighter Outside a Walmart, With Unexpected Result | Blea…" via  BleacherReport App: 
Got on the scale at Walmart and I weigh 140. That's  the biggest I ever gotten lmao
 Bareham2016 And I, ALONE, am making those figures jump by shopping at Walmart! ME!
At my Walmart the gurls would'v been twerkin 
Ur mcm got his Grateful Dead shirt from walmart
Thank you Jesus  !!!
Purh20 Natural Spring Water. ..simply delicious  !!!
Now available on 
The true martial artist knows how to defuse conflict before it begins. Respect  TomDeblass

Walmart is axing hundreds more corporate jobs (Another Trump win)
i...don't want to work at walmart...
You ever jus wanna dress up for NO reason at all...like fr y'all might catch me at your local Walmart in a dress and heels 😂😂💃🏻
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Love them! Thank you for the chance to win!   win  WalmartWednesday
i still rmbr during my internship in boston, i came across a man who had a bio major and worked as a garden salesman in walmart :>
Electrek green energy brief: Walmart doing microgrids, Trina launches bifacial PERC solar panel, more… 
 mejaredbrees We understand your concerns. If you feel you've been a victim of identity theft, pls visit -Dee 1/2
Walmart will begin discounting products you choose to pick up in-store 
I didn't know that was a problem at Walmart. 
The City of San Benito Police Department visited elementary via the Blue Bunny Project, made possible through Walma… 
 thehill Maybe he thought he could threaten them like  NorthKorea. Problem is;  DPRK doesn't manufacture 75% pf the… 
The Walmart  and Amazon battle over ecommerce continues: 
I hate coming to Walmart omgggg
 UnwrittenCountrySongs Stairway to Walmart
Thank you Jesus  !!!
Purh20 Natural Spring Water. ..simply refreshing  !!!
Now available on 
Walmart adding 'pickup discount ' to 1M online only products. God Bless.  airtravelbargain  flightbargain... 
 MomsFightBack It's worth every second! Will you be planning the activity this weekend? -Hal
they're abt to test the fire alarms at walmart n my paranoid ass can't take this
 TheSpookyCrew  Walmart Walmart 
 Jasmine69Nicole Na jk. Wanna go w me to Walmart after I get out
<> Get a  25 Walmart Gift Card Now! Click here for more info.  gift  gifts  GiftShop 
" Walmart turns up the heat on  Amazon with new discounting program"  Retail  
Walmart is rolling out a discount on more than 1 million items  ecommerce  socialmediamarketing  success  sales  s…
Considering Walmart's shadier dealings in the past, I wouldn't collapse in gratitude just yet  chtown17… 
 allisonlanza except not really because i'll never get a job with something i want to do and will work at walmart a… 
I wish my Dad would have told me going to Walmart earlier,but it's okay. Maybe next time.😇
 ashleylorrraine I am camping :( meeting the group at 330am then meeting more people at a walmart then heading out.… 
Twenty Miles to the Nearest Walmart   UnwrittenCountrySongs
 Walmart  WalmartGiving  WalmartToday SHAME WALMART.. DO BETTER!!!! 
I really hate when people comment on like materialistic stuff. Suzy I don't talk about your Walmart flip flops cause who cares?
hot  walmart  girl 
Come to Walmart Mason City for your new Boost phone with the best value in Unlimited!  AzraSmailagic  TimMiller44 
 CBandos77  N8God Nate will Rob his own kid and then go to Walmart and never come back 💀
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Thank you so much for the chance to win!
Wow,  SavMonyLivBttr just donated the former Walmart's land & building! This is a HUGE opportunity to service the needs of LA CT!  chtown17
it never fails that i forget something at walmart. every. single. time.
I got the cutest scrubs at Walmart 😍
The competition is a good thing for Amazon. Will be interesting to see how Amazon turns this back into their favor. 
Dear Walmart Beauty Box  walmartbeautybox, we only get to visit once a 1/4, so why you gotta be so mean? Love, Donna  beautynews
 laikeylaik_ same. I'm gunna go broke lmao. Every time I go to Walmart I think she needs a new toy 😂
 WalMart to discount online-only items delivered to stores 
I'm officially a Walmart employee 🙌🏾 look at God
Like I went shopping at Walmart 
Watch on  Periscope: Walmart!!!! Bored!! 
IR_Magazine: .walmart's jet will stop rewarding shoppers for buying on other e-commerce sites. by mattlindnerIR
It's obvious who has the BEST value in wireless at Walmart St Charles... BOOST!!!!   TimMiller44  dougj2 
 KenzeaRay That's why you go get some from Walmart wear them once or twice then sell them😊
 ESPNStreak Trying to make a pick when my phone was dead.  Went into Walmart and unplugged one of their display cam… 
 ConnorofBrien  BocajYenrib As long as Walmart supplies.
One day I'm gonna go to Walmart find an empty isle and start yelling my prison trash talk
The latest ★ eDGTL® News! ★ Walmart Adding 'Pickup Discount' to Online-Only Products 
I set myself up walking into Walmart wearing blue and black... This lady jus asked me for assistance. Smh
Jeff Mart is now speaking on behalf of Walmart  chtown17
Had to try it out ;)   walmart  merrittisland  florida  shopping  cheap  usa  travelling… 
 HendriksonLisa  NBCNews No. but are u going to buy my groceries so I can buy where u want me to? No. Walmart = con… 
Put on a shirt  trash,  Walmart is down the street.  Target is a little classier.  selfrespect  peopleofwalmart… 
walmart 4:09am 
wow. i can buy all these fits at walmart, but wow. 
 jayyy_bayybayy but is the witch hazel at Walmart?
Sidney man allegedly uses heroin in Piqua Walmart bathroom  news
 yarbr012 Isn't that just pretty? Which color is your favorite? -Hal
Costco and Walmart need parking spots specifically for expecting mothers
Walmart shipping discounts sounds great. But will never replace my  Amazonprime 
. walmart's  jet will stop rewarding shoppers for buying on other e-commerce sites. by  mattlindnerIR
How to Think About Walmart 
The move from  Walmart is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader  amazon  KSFY
Never fails. Go to Walmart for 2 things & leave with 10.
InStep Sync Single Bicycle Trailer 71.39 + fere Prime ship or walmart pick-up 
Like move lmao I do this everyday in Walmart. And no I'm not paying for it.
In Walmart all the time😂 
58¢ Scott Paper Towels at  coupons  savemoney  couponing  discount  giftcards  freebees 
Walmart said I can get my job back but shit idk I don't want to deal with the drama with them
 Francium_german Sounds yummy! Pls speak to our store mgt for a product request. Or visit -Hal
TELL ME WHY THE CASHIER AT WALMART WAS NAMED SHALISA IM
They'll be pulling people out of Walmart to fill their for- profit jails. 
Check out campaign contributions to DT f… 
 19Doubleup From Walmart? What kind?
I'm coming at 5 and I'm gone pop the customer service ho in her mouth  Walmart Love you ❤️
 jakendufner  mikeymanfs me and my mom are at walmart. i'm gonna ditch her so i can make a toilet paper fort 😂 
I wanna go to Walmart but I don't wanna go alone ☹️
it's like this town's worst drivers decide to all meet up at the local Walmart and nearly kill each other
20 min in  Walmart and 25 min in line 😡 This is why I avoid this place if possible
 Bob_the_Boarder They sell downpipes at Walmart! It's hilarious!
A stranger at Walmart just coughed in my face, so I've probably only got two, maybe three, days to live.
Four recognized for quick response during Pooler Walmart fire
 WJCLNews 
I tried naked hoolahooping.  Apparently Walmart doesn't have a clothing optional policy.    mybad  nonudist  nakedinVT
Portland - police to Walmart (Delta Park) - report of a shoplifter with a backpack full of merchandise - suspect armed with a machete
 dreaded_monsta_ Walmart is always hiring
 Entrepreneurs: Pitch Your  MadeInUSA Product  Walmart Open Call Event  reshoring  manufacturing  suppliers
"The reason I don't have my planner signed is because we went to Walmart and Florida last night."
🤔
Walmart Wants to Best Amazon With New Online Discounts on Store-Shipped Items 
Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping... 
I have to go to Walmart and I'm literally dreading it
Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping  buynow
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Greensboro, NC 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Fargo, ND 
 _MikeTaber  McDonalds But subway in the Aldrich plaza got taken over by a bubbakoos before you know it that subway… 
⚡️ “Joesoef Skin Care Now Available at  AcneStudios  acne  beautynews 
This One Thing Walmart Is Testing Could Finally Crush Amazon  PhillyBusiness
Yeeeesh! If you purchased mixed greens at Walmart recently, watch OUT!!! 
i hate walmart
Just received an email from someone who gets their prescriptions filled via Walmart Alliston, but it's closed... 
I clearly remember my 9 year old self going to Walmart to buy this album too😭 
Walmart's relentless price war is crushing America’s biggest grocer via  BI_RetailNews
 Yo_Gallo Ew! That's why I don't buy anything I consume AT Walmart! Wtf? You get what you buy! 😏
We still shop at walmart and Rue 21  junesdiary   JunesDiaryDaily 
I was literally just walking outta Walmart and my fcking knee started hurting like a mfer outta nowhere. I got so m… 
Well you're the last person I wanted to run into at Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️
 Walmart on Old National Hwy in Ga has piss poor  customerservice. When there is a crisis situation I expect it to be communicated correctly
I have been to Walmart maybe? 5 times. We don't even have one in San Francisco. 🤔 
Hey  Walmart, please start carrying Daiya's Pepperoni Pizza! Delicious! Specifically in your Cleveland, OK location
5 Most Hilarious Walmart Mom Fails Ever 
Walmart Adds Discount For Shopping Online, Picking Up In Store - Consumerist  shopping… 
Found chanel today ...Funny People Of Walmart Pic 17 
The hardest part was trying not to make fun of Sandra for loosing her phone an hour into Vegas   fucking Walmart 💀😂😂
Walmart offers online customers discounts for store pickups; cuts corporate, e-commerce jobs as it takes on Amazon… 
 annetomk If you have SEIU purple socks, then yes. But a Walmart pair can get you fired.  nextchat
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Thanks for this chance!!  WalmartWednesday
"I heard they are building a Walmart on campus."  ejoebarry goes off the rails after talking baseball's win over Fl… 
Standing in line at Walmart watching a high speed chase live  MURRRICA
50″ HDTV for  270 at Walmart, free shipping 
Had a random dream that I took  edsheeran to Walmart for the first time and he enjoyed his visit very much
 qasia_ I'm   Walmart out Delaware County wya?!
 Changa ok join my game GT - Walmart Nac
I just dethroned Bill as the Mayor of  walmart on  Swarmapp!

Household items (at  Walmart in Burke, VA) 
lol only I would almost get hit by a guy being chased out of walmart because he was stealing something🙂🙂
Walmart’s latest shot at Amazon: Giving you discounts to pick up online orders in store 
At Walmart and some guy goes "I'm not cheap, I'm frugal." & that's the first time I've heard that word since they did "WOD" in middle school
Picked up passengers (  Walmart Supercenter in Henderson, NV w/  boltonnut) 
Walmart's Dan Bryant shares insights on tech + protecting the future of the workplace  AspenInstitute. Learn more 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Union City 
everything from walmart is trash 
 stylinsonoffice  nuttytroye  ryannminajj It's kinda like Costco {I'm guessing, Costco sounds what BJ'S is for me l… 
The amount of gas I just held in while standing at Walmart is KILLING my intestine right now.
 yt_kam walmart
Walmart brings fight to Amazon with pickup discount effort 
See how I tackle my  SCJMessyMoments with help from Windex® Brand  Walmart   ad 
Who comes to school like that? I wouldn't even go to Walmart looking like that.😂🤷🏽‍♀️
in line at walmart next to the Pokémon cards & my mom is tellin us how i use to collect them, then my brother says "no wonder you're single"
 YungSivkit I agree! I wonder what LACNA thinks about Walmart procuring the lease overstepping the public?… 
Getting your nails done at Walmart = the best people watching 😂
. Walmart offers discounts on about 10,000 items when shoppers buy online, pick up in store; expects to expand prog… 
Win A  100.00 Walmart Gift Card From The Todd & Erin Favorite Five! - The Todd and Erin Favorite Five 
Never shopping here again i am DISCUSTARD 😷😷😷😤😤😤  Racism  Walmart 
Including Walmart, right? And farmers? And teachers cops fire fighters? 
Well, looks like I have to go back to frigging Walmart to buy another pair of heels. They were cheap but they did the job
Get into the softer side of spring with colorful cookie and cake mixes! You can find these at Walmart!
 bakingduff… 
be great if someone was down to run me to walmart
Stack-On 22-Drawer Storage Cabinet w/ 2x Storage Boxes  9 + Free Store Pickup 
If you really wanna confuse someone, welcome the Walmart greeter to Walmart as you walk past them.
Notice to Walmart and Barnes & Noble, please begin carrying 
'Reasons to Vote for Democrats' by Michael Knowles,... 
90's Chanel Vs. Walmart 
Lmao. I've seen worse happen at Walmart on Christmas Eve. 
 julius_orange  pattymo I was pretty sure the Trump Train is a line of those riding thingys at WalMart.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Plymouth, MA 
 PTXofficial i got the last one at walmart!! ha
Walmart shopping puts me in a trance I swear.
When all the rednecks pull up to Walmart in Crossville. 
I'll start back shopping at Walmart 
In my search for an unlimited high speed data plan so far I have been trying Cricket's so-called unlimited high... 
WATCH: Walmart announces new in-store pickup discount to compete with Amazon 
 ImPretty_Tho Nahh go to neighborhood Walmart they got all kind my niece gaining weight and she drink them and she a stick lol
Walmart’s 2017 Open Call Event  
I bought the last two copys they had at Walmart! I gave one to my choir teacher!  PTXVOL4  PTXBohemianRhapsody 
Yesterday at he Walmart gardening center, I was only waring lipstick thought not other make-up so they have add all… 
 unarosabianca13  ggentlemanirish  TheGreatFeather  BadJuJu19  SRKENNEDY64  RobertPulson911  CaptMarne  Bwana86… 
Found these at a Walmart checkout line in Ohio.  Had to buy & try them out. Hey  BeckyLynchWWE, have you tried thes… 
 El_Scrumpo  BrothLGregarius running to walmart to buy some geneva convention banned weapons of mass destruction
 WalmartCanada Will we be getting this in Canada at all? It's to be shared with Walmart starting tomorrow "Pop! Del… 
 WallyWingert Maybe a dead bat found in bagged salad at Walmart
MASSACHUSETTS!  REDSOX &  MLB Great LUIS TIANT will be signing autographs SAT,APR15!  Walmart  MLBTheShow… 
shoutout to my girl named Toe at the nelson rd walmart
"Yo mama get her prescriptions from Walmart. So don't be hating on Walmart" -Kristal 😭😭 BullsRadio 
Just picked up some Old El Paso taco boats (for ONLY  2.74! It's TACO TIME!   OldElPaso  Ad 
 Walmart you people suck...thieving holes
Next time I go to walmart I'm taking a Hot SHOT!!!
Walmart Spring Beauty Box Unboxing & First Impressions 
Wal-Mart will pay you to go into its stores ... sort of  clicktostore  walmart  jet  omnichannel
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 126 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 4/12/2017 3:27:06 PM
Facebook is the Walmart of social media sites man 
Business at Walmart is gokng to be slow tomorrow. :.
 intoyoudx It truly did while yours remained walmart
 GCraftyCouture I walked past the display at Walmart, did a double take, then walked back to get the picture for you.
Walmart will give you a discount if you pick up your online order from a Walmart store  ecommerce  socialmediamark…
DELICIOUS SPANDEX YOUNG ASS AT WALMART  
Ladies FYI - Walmart has gotten better with their online ordering. My last two experiences were very good.  (Ship... 
 trillbill_24  Powerful I was getting paid like  700 at Walmart and I didn't do a damn thing. 🤦🏿‍♂️😂 literally nothing.
 UnwrittenCountrySongs stuck inside of walmart
Let her take off those Walmart weaves then we can talk... 
ACNE TREATMENT KIT 4 Step Regimen Joesoef Skin Care now   
Miranda Cosgrove is killin it in this Walmart. 😂
but shout out to Walmart for having durable laundry baskets 
 beastlywretch WE GOT THEM FROM WALMART
to launch pickup discounts for online orders of general merchandise  Walmart  OnlineRetail 
i've reached ultimate crackhead status walking to and entering a public place with a walmart bag on me
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
. Walmart Basically, Walmart said via email, that banks are allowing this. Not sure why that couldn't be mentioned… 
Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping 
 ggentlemanirish  TheGreatFeather  BadJuJu19  SRKENNEDY64  RobertPulson911  CaptMarne  Bwana86  SgtKrap… 
 Walmart walmart blows...thieving mf's
OMG OUR WALMART IS SLACKING , BIG TIME 😤😤
Walmart has cut 18K jobs since last year | Read more in today's Daily & on  retail  cuts… 
We have some  DairyFreeGoodness! Muffins to enjoy for your upcoming brunch.   ad… 
 GoingInStyle earlier was really good. Coincidentially i snagged a 6 DVD collection of Morgan Freeman films at Walmart just now!
Win A  100.00 Walmart Gift Card From The Todd & Erin Favorite Five! - The Todd and Erin Favorite Five = I need this!
 Stevenwhirsch99  juliagouliah Take a stand. Let them shop at Walmart with US Currency they earned working.
finna get dressed and go to walmart
Sexy latina at Walmart in tights  
This one thing Walmart is testing could finally crush Amazon:  Walmart  AMZN 
 NBCNews I'd guess some 88% had the worst experience of their lives! Turning to save a nickel! Worst human experience imaginable!  Walmart
And I found super pretty sparkly wedding invite kits at Walmart. They only had one so I grabbed another off Amazon for only  5 more! 😄
Live demos w/  Ritzcrackers & Peter Pan® Creamy Peanut Butter in Walmart on 4/15!  ... by… 
I liked a  YouTube video DOING DARES IN WALMART (INSANE)
There's a guy at my local Walmart that tells me he loves me every time I visit. Because of my gap.
People who say racism isn't happening clearly never been followed in a walmart. Its like thanks for you money..BUT DONT STEAL FROM US!
 BREAKING Triads Involved? Walmart rep  SavMonyLivBttr blamed by local activists for coordinating leases under the table  chtown17
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 154 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 4/12/2017 3:21:36 PM
Got these cute AF little cups from  Walmart which were only 88 cents! So Anna Rheà & I just had… 
. walmart provides discounts for people who order online and then get delivery from store  brickandmortar… 
Walmart offers online customers discounts for store pickups; cuts corporate,…  shiftpainting  shiftpainting
the people you see at walmart are a different species
Walmart’s New Tactic To Further Compete With Amazon 
 Walmart Customer service guy could not even find my local store. Tried to contact thru web site; wrote story, then couldn't enter phone  !!
Walmart and Hasbro have some peculiar ideas on celebrating Easter.
Walmart. 
Exercise equipment buyers at  Walmart spent  240 on avg, see how the industry avg compares w  TraQline 
 lawmoneyparty I go to the shopping center and the parking lot is already hell Thurs-Sunday because of a popular lo… 
The power of Big Data. 
 XoCheapy I found out I can buy the CeraVe sunscreen at Walmart. Appreciate the tip.
 adamtlou Dead rolled a .2 and came through with Walmart wine spritzers
 HolocaustCenter is how I refer to the Walmart Supercenter on Black Friday .
There is a Walmart security guard who might take the job.  But, you gotta pay him minimum wage. 
 Walmart Frustrated customer! Could not make order on-line for store pickup w/o shipping charges. Customer service guy no help at all.  ( 1)
 alexaholland_ In seekonk next to Walmart!
 lawmoneyparty A walmart announced it was moving into this shopping center in my neighborhood 2 yrs ago. Girl, when… 
 Walmart bridging brick-n-mortar w/ digital - discounts for ordering at home, picking up at the store 
Walmart 💛SKU: 194695289💛 Only  1!!

Thanks to Facebook friend Rose for the great find!

Check… 
Ok my grandpa is going to nap so now I'm off to do laundry and Walmart shopping for my trip  Spain  SeanatellingCon
You can earn a  5 Walmart eGift Card when you buy  10 worth of Diet Dr Pepper®  ad 
Wal-Mart To Cut Hundreds Of Jobs As It Invests In Online Sales  jobreport  walmart  walmart
 walmarthelp  Walmart I ordered a gray Nintendo Switch last Friday, it said it would arrive today, but it still hasn't even shipped 🤔
New post (Walmart to Offer Discounts for Online In-store Pickup Orders I Fortune) has been published on Bonjou ...… 
 HardCandyLife Look what FINALLY came to my Walmart!! Used it today, I LOVE it!!  hardcandy  hardcandylife  makeup… 
 mackenzieeee_d When I get home from Walmart 💓💓
Signal 78 shoplifter in custody 

Okeechobee Rd
Ftp
Walmart
America is WalMart. 
Shopping Failure
 Walmart 
I swear I almost just slapped this lady in Walmart but she was ugly so I had to go about my day
 capricornbaeee that's what I told Kako!! My mom has so many and my dad had a fucked load too! Pinchi Walmart style and now it's expensive
 lunar_lolo Walmart usually costs .70
Walmart broadens ways customers can get online discounts: Walmart will shortly provide consumers new ways to get… 
 ChaGurlRachael  Faultii legit going to Walmart to find overwatch 
 lunar_lolo I do it at least every week. I go to a walmart or post office and go to the money center and say how much I want and print away.
Drunk man confronts ex-MMA fighter at Walmart 
 SunnySouthAL  amazon  Walmart Not to mention wal-mart's parking lots are among the most crime-ridden places in cit… 
 GlamLifeGuru Could you review Drugstore brand "Flower"? I saw it at Walmart and see Drew Barrymore is a spokespers… 
Hate hate hate going in public without makeup on but here I am at Walmart with nothing on my face😭😭😭
 yoopalmal Remember that time we went to Walmart and bought some😂😂😂
I cannot stand going  into Walmart 😒
I'm at  Walmart in Vienna, VA 
you could get these at Walmart for  10 instead of paying hundreds lmao 
Salads sold at Walmart recalled after dead bat found 
I love Walmart grocery pickup. 
These pajamas Are Made For Goin' To Walmart.  UnwrittenCountrySongs
"Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store" <– Shots fired at not just Amazon, but FedEx & UPS
Almost got run over in the Walmart parking lot, where I live, from a car backing up. Do ppl not check mirrors anymore?  besafe  pplridiots
 iAmSexBob_OMB Told you! This custos at Meijer been on some other shit lately. They're turning into Walmart custos
Big Bird Women's Onesie (L only) for  6 + pickup at Walmart - 
 WalMart introduces discounts for in-store pickup of web orders via  retaildive  ecommerce
 Cellmate not that I can go to any grocery store, even walmart, and find the stuff i need.
 JenniferLawrence The Hunger Games (2-Disc Blu-ray) OOP Walmart Exclusive w/Mockingjay Pendant!… 
 Cascadia  adrane  Walmart I have a founder? News to me
So a dead bat in Walmart, a live scorpion from Giant.  This never happens with bacon... 
 LikeRalf That's you. Hella people come out to Macedonia for the Walmart and other stores
 SunnySouthAL  amazon  Walmart A thing of beauty....

Wal-mart= high cost, low wages.Employees subsidize checks wit… 
 keithboykin NO SUPPORT
PRIVATE PRISONS 
 PRIVATE SCHOOLS
 POLICE MILITARY WALMART
 WE PRAY 
 YOUR ANGER TURNS
 TO… 
thai tea from walmart is trash
Man Steals Ninja Blender At Sebastian Walmart -  walmart  sebastianfl  sebastianwalmart  florida  sebastian
 jordyg0ld nope. I go to Walmart in the heights
 cuckpatroller They're even forcing them to do it in WALMART! OMG, Someone call the cuckpatroller for the investiga… 
Stanley Pruner and Lopper Kit for  39.59  Walmart  Lopper 
 LikeRalf Y'all going "far" places for convenience shopping at Walmart lmao
Lmao 
What an ending to a day
Going to drown my sorrows in stuff I don't need at the mall
By mall I mean Walmart
Drunk Man Confronts Former  MMA  Fighter Outside a  Walmart, With Unexpected Result -  bjj  courtesy  life  
 dmntakeover  BenMejia55  CLBoozer1975 That's what that means! I've seen some guy at Walmart do that & I was like w… 
😭🙈I just bought stuff on Walmart's website over Amazon bc Amazon was trying to charge  10 for cornstarch 😭😂 
seen a opp n walmart mind u im on crutches dis nigga ran😂🤐
Walmart Family Mobile LG K7 Smartphone with Camera / Refurbished
Thank you  SUSTAIN_ag and  walmart. Adapt-N nitrogen tools are part of Sustain and top-rated by Walmart… 
I wish Walmart would give student discounts, because these groceries ain't cheap
I'm so lazy lol I take lyft everywhere now.. dispensary, Walmart, you name it lol
Just back from a Mexican vacation. Saw these  OldelPaso Taco Boats  Walmart What would u make?  ad  inspiringkitchen 
Please be careful and don't go to the Walmart in sartell MN. Rude and very unhappy people.if you want to have a good day avoid if possible!!
I really think my patience is improving, then I go to Lock Haven Walmart. MOVEEEEEEEE TOWNIES MOVE.
 _mspriggs The one near me is so gross I can't believe I actually went to a Walmart and didn't wanna leave asap lmao
Walmart extends online discounts, cuts more jobs
Retail Outsourcing: Amazon vs. Walmart -  me  like  tagsforlikes  fun - Follow me - 
The creeps all hang out at Walmart I guess because every time I go I legit get sexually harassed, they all work here too, how uncomfortable
Walmart knows good that they are so wrong for this lmbo… 
The move from Walmart to offer discounts on items for store pickup is a challenge to Amazon's online dominance 
Will: I'm not going to have time to get those cookies.
Me: Why not?
Will: Because we're going bowling.
Me: Walmart is open 24/7.
...
Evening Briefing, 12.04.2017 –Amazon, Google, Daimler, Expert-Gruppe, Walmart 
Lmao me too 🕺🏾 and I seen you at Walmart but you don't respond every time I hit you up soooooooo 🙃 
i went to Walmart today but forgot my mf hot Cheetos 😡😡😡😡
Holy cow, that 's a huge price differential. Time for others to Tweet Amazon v. Walmart prices and others. Let's ge… 
I been supposed to clocked out... Let me go tf home Walmart!...😒
Suja Organic Juices Under  1 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at Walmart ... 
Sartell Walmart in MN gave me the wrong meds that I was allergic to. Glad I cought it or it would have killed me. I can't do anything about.
Coming to Walmart on my lunch break is never a good idea...
 Trollzous how i feel while im shooting up walmart
"She's the great value of you.. Walmart great value" thnx u alex :-/ <3
 bolton_tori  AshleyMarie_234 Walmart is where I get mine I ❤ them
 Wel4Inc Princesses Anne Rd by the Wawa and Walmart
Ecomm Wars, a new reality -> Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat  Ecommerce
Just found almost two Walmart bags full Of mushrooms 🍄😍
Wal-Mart will pay you to go into its stores ... sort of  clickandcollect  logistics  walmart  shopping
 wee_eats Keep an eye out at your local Walmart store!
walmart has the sorriest produce.
Rocking my Walmart sandals and hat, how bouuuu dattt 🤙🏼
Bunch of Coachella freaks   Walmart rn. Like these are people from math problems. Not shitting you this couple has 100 pineapples
So you gone Walmart to Walmart it or wha? 
 muddybike Probably that guy at Walmart recently pushing a cart half the size of mine. At exit got stuck in sidewal… 
Walmart offers ship-to-store discount - Business Insider - 
 imamama0901  th3j35t3r  build319 I now envision J as a Walmart greeter 😁
Infinite Possibilities Vol.1 now at  
I hate the Walmart in scherrville all the white people is stare
 Haha_shmuck Kind of on imperial, a little further but close to the walmart
 BriaBaybii  LoveSo_Vivid That's right you knew. I was in the car in the parking lot of Walmart and broke down. Maya- forever my inspiration
Just sat at the  Walmart auto center to find out 30 minutes later that they don't have the tire I need!  pissedoff 😡😡
Straight up. Walk out looking like I left Walmart 
"There are more than 100 million people who buy the products of Walmart within the United States" 
Walmart offers online customers discounts for store pickups; cuts ... - Phoenix Business Journal  ecommerce
 Walmart:

Walmart offers online customers discounts for store pickups; cuts …:


S7 Edge Black Piano 128 GB por R  2.499,00  Walmart_BR  ofertas  TOP  descontos  promocoes  compras  promocao
Giving away a  25 Walmart gift card. Enter for your chance to win!  giveaway  Walmart 
 ramzpaul Hey!  I shop at Walmart!   It's not so bad in my neighborhood if you go on the weekends when the people who have jobs go.
I'm about to walk to Walmart 🚶🏾‍♀️
 michellecejaa you're kidding?!!!! I've only had these in Mexico but if they are at Walmart, my life would be made!
A lady in Walmart just asked the teller if sweet potatoes and yams came from the same animal  smh
 Kids  Toys Amazing  Spiderman Interchangable Head Movie Marvel  Legends 6"  Figure MOC Walmart… 
 10 Frozen 6V Ride-On Quad at  Walmart

Go Here -->> 
 ClutchWhenDrunk Walmart
I honestly don't need this stupid  walmart employee treating me like I'm fucking stupid.
Every time I don't use the self check out at Walmart, I regret it for the rest of the week.
Walmart offers online customers discounts for store pickups; cuts corporate, e-commerce jobs as it takes on Amazon. 
I was just called stupid In  Walmart because I called potatoes wedges, jo jos.... are you serious? I'm from Ohio my bad.
Walmart Agrees to Buy for  3 Billion to Fight Amazon 🗣 Opines on  Retail
Walmart offers online customers discounts for store pickups; cuts corporate, e-commerce jobs as it takes…  Phoenix
Pretty amazing stats.  Walmart 
Walmart's pickup discount a gamechanger? A check of exact same sample items on Amazon proves it may be the case  wmt
Sam Walton: Made In America by Sam Walton:  Walmart  COST  SHLD  walmart
Wal-Mart's future under Marc Lore is starting to take shape  Walmart  AMZN  walmart  cnbc
⚡️ “The science behind why your shoes come untied”
Vista Partners  investing  Walmart  knowledge
 WFM  Walmart  KR:

Jana’s call to overhaul Whole Foods supply chain has few takers:


Trailing metrics mean nothing. 

There 3 kinds of retailers: 1) Investing & growing online 2) clueless / dying 3) A… 
 Walmart World's largest retailers discount strategies 
Brick & Mortar still dominates:
In 2016, 95% of shoppers bought from  Walmart,  MCD: 89%,  TGT: 84%,  WBoeing: 77% vs.  AMZN   42% via  Hustle_Says
Human  stockmarket investors, pass on Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart  stocktalk
 jimcramer Imagine if  Walmart shipped from every store, shipped from closest store to consumer. Every store is a warehouse...
After 5 up days in a row, can  Walmart close up again? Thoughts?  stocks 
 jimcramer Seriously. To save a few pennies maybe and walk the entire Walmart parking lot and then wander around th… 
 AMZN is already doing same-day out here (meaning: to me). It’s real and spectacular.  Walmart is playing catch-up; not… 
Same day delivery?  Walmart  AMZN 
Plug Power Falls After Announcing More Warrants  PLUG Also  Walmart  AMZN 
The Next Stock Warren Buffett Might Sell  themotleyfool  stocks  BRK-A,  BRK-B,  Walmart,  MON,  AXTA 
10 Companies That Offer The Best Paid Paternity Leave Benefits
 ADBE,  FB,  CS,  TWTR,  ETSY,  NFLX
 CMCSA,  Walmart
This one thing Walmart is testing could finally crush Amazon:  Walmart  AMZN 
JC I have to believe they r two different customers with  AMzN va  Walmart.  TGT and &Walmart more of a real comp 
These  AMZN v.  Walmart comparisons are fabulous. I will  take any against  TGT or  BBY, too 
 Walmart offering new discounts, Lyft just closed a  600 million round and  TSLA is now the biggest U.S automaker.


true, but can you be more specific. We want  AMZN v.  Walmart in pricing!! 
 Walmart breaking out, see some in-depth analysis on  Travel  seo
 wmt 0,  amzn 1--Keep em coming 
Holy cow, that 's a huge price differential. Time for others to Tweet Amazon v. Walmart prices and others. Let's ge… 
 Walmart,List:Continuing Bull Trend,Quote:73.53,Change:0.1,Target:79.77
 Walmart:

Walmart offers online customers discounts for store pickups; cuts …:


Plug Power falls after announcing more warrants  PLUG  AMZN  Walmart 
instead of gaining on  Amazon,  Walmart seems poised to lose valuable ground |  AMZN  Walmart 
 Walmart continues the biggest battle of its existence against  AMZN. 

 Amazon  Walmart  stocks 

 Walmart Walmart broadens ways customers can get online discounts 
Wal-Mart Will Pay You To Pick Up Your Online Orders; Your Move, Amazon  Walmart  AMZN  WFM  walmart
 -  Walmart,  KR - will need to compete with Aldi very soon -  DMRC is one solution.
Wife just back from  TGT - "The food & Easter candy is not even that cheap - Why bother?!" 

 XRT  RTH  Walmart  COST  jimcramer  BrianCornell
Walmart going to make new all ti\u2026  Walmart TV_TradingIdeas
Walmart going to make new all ti\u2026  Walmart 
Walmart's new anti-Amazon weapon offers cheap, but the world wants easy via  bfly a counterpoint from  sbanjo  Walmart
Staples Is for Sale, but Is It Talking to the Wrong Buyers?
  SPLS  AMZN  COST  Walmart 
 Walmart: "CEO Doug McMillon [told analysts that competition with Amazon requires commitment to low-cost operations, including some layoffs]..."
 Walmart  COST:

Staples Is for Sale, but Is It Talking to the Wrong Buyers?:


Walmart Takes Shot at Amazon with Online Order, In-Store Pickup Discount  AMZN  Walmart 
 Walmart: "Wal-Mart makes another round of layoffs..."
Here’s  Walmart Latest Trick to Gain Market Share Against  AMZN

 Walmart  AMZN:

Wal-Mart’s future under Marc Lore is starting to take shape:


How Wal-Mart Is Ramping Up Online  Walmart
 KR  SFM  AMZN  WFM  Walmart:

This Stock Is Up On News That Amazon Even Thought About Buying It:


 Walmart Wal-Mart's future under Marc Lore is starting to take shape 
More changes in brick and mortar! Wal-Mart offering discounts for online orders picked up in store  AMZN  Walmart
Tickers mentioned in Wednesday's linkfest:  AGG  BND  MSFT  WFM  AMZN  Walmart  GOOG  Google… 
Walmart extends online discounts, cuts more jobs amid pricing war with Amazon  Walmart  AMZN 
— FOX Business (FoxBusin…
 XRIM  MONEY FoxBusiness

Walmart extends online discounts, cuts more jobs amid pricing war with Amazon  Walmart  AMZN 
Retweeted FOX Business ( FoxBusiness):

 StockAlert - Stocks to watch today on  WallStreet  DAL  Walmart... 
 CMCSA  Walmart:

10 Companies That Offer The Best Paid Paternity Leave Benefits:


Walmart extends online discounts, cuts more jobs amid pricing war with Amazon  Walmart  AMZN  
The picture gives away one...  Walmart 
 Walmart  AMZN  M  JCP  RL:

Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing …:


Willing to pick up your online order in a store?  Walmart's got a new discount just for you.  Walmart

Read:… 
 Walmart Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores 
 Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for 'Store Pickup' over shipping  TechCrunch  Walmart 
What’s Behind Walmart’s Recent Upgrade? - Testing chars &amp;ampersand&amp;…  Walmart  XLP  TGT  COST
Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 
What's amazing to me is that there are 1 million items that aren't in a  Walmart Supercenter via  dallasnews
Wal-Mart Layoffs 2017:  Walmart Announces Another Round of Job Cuts 
 
Real Estate Investing: How to Flip a House as a Real Estate Investor:  realestate  HD  Walmart  SPY  LL  DE
 Walmart will be offering a discount on  customers that buy online and ship to any Walmart store for pick up 
 moiracathleen  howtodoit1  ManhattanEdu  business No, the fact that you must ask the Fed for permission to own a b… 
YahooFinance: ICYMI:  DAL stocks jumps,  UAL shares bounce back,  Walmart offers new discounts 
YahooFinance: ICYMI:  DAL stocks jumps,  UAL shares bounce back,  Walmart offers new discounts … 
ICYMI:  DAL stocks jumps,  UAL shares bounce back,  Walmart offers new discounts 
What Big-Box Retailers can Learn from  Retail Leaders via  edvaldez8888  SeekingAlpha  Walmart  TGT
 Walmart Overbought 
 Walmart Delta stock jumps, United shares bounce back, Walmart offers new discounts 
 JD  Walmart  Story out of China that Walmart has partnered with to launch online store for Brit supermarket chain Asda
Value in Brick-and-Mortar? Fringe Ends of Spectrum  DG  AMZN  M  SHLD  Walmart  DLTR  BRX  CBL  GGP  MAC  PEI  SP&G  TCO 
Call/Put Highest % volume changes: Calls:  TXMD,  V,  OXY,  Walmart,  GOOG. Puts:  FEZ,  FDX,  CVX,  XLP,  EWY.
Nearly every American spent money at Wal-Mart last year  Walmart via  KrystinaGustafs
 Sarge986  LizMacDonaldFOX  AshWebsterFBN  cvpayne Holding a small position  Walmart for 8 months, but no movement, try… 
 Walmart  AMZN:

How Wal-Mart Is Ramping Up Online:


We recently launched our medicated bars online  Walmart &  amazon with sales beginning to increase.  ICTV  Walmart  AMZN 
 Walmart Walmart Strengthens Its e-Commerce Arm: Should Amazon Worry? 
Activist Pressuring Whole Foods; Grocers Residually Benefitting  WFM  NGVC  SFS  SVU  KR  COST  Walmart  PUSH  GNC  VSI 
Did you go to Walmart?  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
 Walmart sneaky strong and made 8 month high this morning on news of discounts for store pick-ups of online purchases 
Wal-Mart Five Years Later  FCPA  Walmart
 Walmart begins offering discounts better than  AMZN on 1 million items online starting in June if you pick it up
— Jim Cramer, Squawk on Street
Retail disruptor: Online order discounting from Wal-Mart  Walmart  BBY  SPLS  KR  sitifatimah  malaysia  financialplan…
 Walmart  MCD  TGT  DLTR:

Nearly every American spent money at Wal-Mart last year:


Retail disruptor: Online order discounting from Wal-Mart  Walmart  BBY  SPLS  KR
The unstoppable retail force. Did  300BN domestically LY.  Walmart 
The Next Stock Warren Buffett Might Sell  Walmart  AXTA  MON 
Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat    Walmart  
 LizMacDonaldFOX  AshWebsterFBN  cvpayne I would not count  Walmart out, gang. I like  AMZN , but a challenger will rise.
 Walmart The Next Stock Warren Buffett Might Sell 
 Walmart Damn son, Walmart continues to fly! (long since er on 2/21)
Is this the future of retail? --> Wal-Mart to offer discounts for online orders collected at stores    Walmart  AMZN
Food deflation is real.  KR  Walmart  WFM all feeling it 
Wal-Mart  Walmart market alert: 33-week high   73.61 
Will the  Technology TOP the EGO????  Walmart  AMZN  PLUG 
 MON  AXTA  Walmart:

The Next Stock Warren Buffett Might Sell:


 ReformedBroker Lowering prices is also a big initiative. Not much talk on the impact it will have on margins, whic… 
Scutify Pre-Market. BlackBerry Awarded U.S.  815M in Arbitration Against Qualcomm.  BBRY  QCOM  PEP  Walmart  AMZN  KHC… 
Scutify Pre-Market. BlackBerry Awarded U.S.  815M in Arbitration Against Qualcomm.  BBRY  QCOM  PEP  Walmart  AMZN  KHC 
 XRIM  MONEY FoxBusiness

 StockAlert - Stocks to watch today on  WallStreet  DAL  Walmart 
—…
 Walmart  AMZN Would be interesting to see how much real overlap there is between their respective customer bases. 
 StockAlert - Stocks to watch today on  WallStreet  DAL  Walmart 
 Walmart  Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for  Amazon to beat  AMZN  stockmarket  stocks  SPY
 Walmart trying to put pressure on  AMZN with in-store-pickup discounts...  retail  XRT  RTH
Not sure what to do with  Walmart? Explore our  fundamental pros and cons.  
Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat
 shopping  discounts  retail  Walmart  AMZN
ICYMI Whole Foods: Easy Activist Pickings  WFM  KR  Walmart 
 jimcramer  Walmart ship to store feature can save me  5 if I waste an hour of my life going to the store  Notagamechanger
William Blair very strong note on  WDAY , same analyst that broke the  Walmart win mths ago. quoting VARS "turning down 10k+ employees deals"
 Walmart to lower prices on a million online-only items if you opt for store pickup over shipping 
5 Things You Must Know B4 the Market Opens Wednesday  DJIA  SPY  QQQ  JPM  C  WFC  DAL  UAL  AKZOY  PP&G  Walmart  AMZN
 Walmart will pay you to go into its stores ... sort of 
EARLY MOVERS:  UAL  WFM  LULU  MYL  Walmart  PEP  RCII ... READ IT AT CNBC  
How Walmart’s Latest Move Could Boost Sales  Walmart  AMZN  XLP  SPX-INDEX
Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores    Walmart looks for ways to compete with AMZ Prime. my story
4/12 Wednesday Market Movers & News:  UAL,  WFM,  LULU,  DAL,  MYL,  Walmart,  PEP,  RCII,  SPX CHARTS & DISCUSSION!... 
4/12 Wednesday Market Movers & News:  UAL,  WFM,  LULU,  DAL,  MYL,  Walmart,  PEP,  RCII,  SPX CHARTS & DISCUSSION! ->… 
Starting April 19, Walmart will offer discounts for ordering online at home and picking up at the store.   Walmart
Gymboree 1.3K-store chain acq'd by Bain Capital in 2010 for  1.8B to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy ahead of June 1 int payment -  AMZN  Walmart
Also from  Walmart 'Wal-Mart slashes hundreds of corporate jobs 
Early movers:  UAL,  WFM,  LULU,  MYL,  Walmart,  PEP & more 
Walmart to Offer Online Discounts for In-Store Pickups  Walmart 
Wal-Mart will pay you to go into its stores ... sort of  Walmart via  KrystinaGustafs
Walmart’s  Walmart latest shot at Amazon  AMZN: Giving you discounts to pick up online orders in store - ReCode


This is "Day 1" of  Walmart using pickup as a price advantage.  Wait until they start with discounted grocery baskets. 
WALMART TO OFFER discounts for online orders collected at stores  Walmart .... READ IT AT MARKETWATCH  
 Walmart is working to combat e-commerce inroads by  AMZN w/ an initiative to offer discounts for online orders picked up in store by customers.
Hundreds of more jobs set for elimination at  Walmart, which will reduce costs at its international & tech businesses. 
 jrichlive What's interesting is that  wmt looks good technically. It should make a 2 year high in the next couple… 
 ReformedBroker Also remember that  Walmart was "unstoppable" in 06. Yesterday's GOAT is today's brick and mortar casualty.
 don_right  PLUG exploded to  11 in 2013 from similar levels agree  Walmart deal & it's wasn't even as good as  AMZN
 Walmart will be only discount box retailer who will survive to successfully compete against  AMZN imho. They've got sc… 
Walmart intros Pickup Discount to save eCommerce shoppers even more money.  retail  pricing  Amazon  Walmart 
Trump Trade Is Redefined - Cramer's Mad Money (4/11/17)  T  TWX  UAL  NYCB  TSCO  SAGE  CELG  AGN  KITE  WFM  Walmart
 Walmart  JobCuts: cutting hundred of corporate jobs  newssentiment 
Wal-Mart to discount one million  online items picked up in stores  Walmart  AMZN  Jet  eCommerce
 Walmart Valuation, profitability and cash flow snapshot 
Amazon: 42.0%  mcd  wmt  amzn  420algo 
Wal-Mart will pay you to pick up your online orders in store. Your move, Amazon  Walmart  AMZN… 
Wal-Mart slashes hundreds of corporate jobs.  retail  Walmart  walmart 
 ILMN  WYNN  Walmart options have the largest change in price. Free options screener. 
Vident Investment Advisory LLC Raises Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
21,758,126 Shares in Wal-Mart Stores Inc Walmart Acquired by Dodge & Cox  NYSE:Walmart  Walmart 
21,758,126 Shares in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Acquired by Dodge & Cox 
SNS Financial Group LLC Has  486,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Oberweis Asset Management Inc. Has  203,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
 Walmart:

Here’s Wal-Mart Stores Inc (Walmart) Latest Trick to Gain Market Share …:


 Walmart wants to use its physical stores to its advantage.  retail  ecommerce 
 Walmart:

Lowers Prices of a Million Items When Customers Pick …:


 Walmart Lowers Prices of a Million Items When Customers Pick Up at Stores 
 Walmart  to Discount Some Online Orders When Picked Up at the Store   AMZN -  
Why Moats Matter: The Morningstar Approach to Stock Investing:  SPY  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart
 Walmart  JobCuts: cutting hundreds of corporate jobs  newssentiment 
5 Things You Must Know Before Wednesdays Open  C  JPM  WFC  AMZN  Walmart  Apple  DAL   UAL  GOOG  NFLX  ABX  TWTR  SNAP
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research 
 AMZN  Walmart:

Wal-Mart offering discounts for online orders picked up in store:


Wal-Mart offering discounts for online orders picked up in store  AMZN  Walmart  sitifatimah  malaysia  financialplann…
Wal-Mart offering discounts for online orders picked up in store  AMZN  Walmart
A Beginner's Guide to Day Trading Online by Toni Turner:  Apple  SPY  UWTI  DWTI  IBM  Walmart
Why (Small) Size Matters In Retail  Walmart 
 Walmart attacking  AMZN & further proof  Bezos needs bricks mortar 

 WFM  GME  NWY  jimcramer


Walmart discounting online purchases picked-up in the store. Smart. Very pleased to be a shareholder.  Walmart 
eBay: The Sleeping Giant No One Talks About  AMZN  BoeingBoeing  BBBY  MELI  PYPL  ULTA  Walmart  EBoeingY
What is worse than shopping at  Walmart (though oddly relaxing early AM when all else is closed) -- picking up… 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Upgraded at Telsey Advisory Group  stocks
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Upgraded at Telsey Advisory Group 
Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Rand Swiss morning note now out!

We look at  Walmart,  JSESRE,  JSETMT and a whole lot more...


