 NorthernlionLP  dixego_ Yeah dude doesn't know what he's saying, the Walmart scene is one of the best movie scenes of all time
I wore makeup for once in my life yesterday and I rubbed my eye while in walmart and I looked like I got punched in the eye.
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 Pat_Yo_Weave  neverforget the Walmart trip where I told the jeweler to pierce Rausch's dick and said he's Dollar General Count Chocula😂😂😂😂😂
Amazon and Walmart: history doesn’t repeat, but it rhymes. 
Update: it's a GIRL 🌸🎀💗 (my mom started crying in the middle of Walmart when she heard the news 😂)
U could see some things in Walmart.... I tell ya. 😬
 bea_footh  MsUltraRawkstar Yes lol. In some places, Dollar General is more accessible than Walmart.
walmart*
my mom bought wine at walmart & he asked for both our ids so she handed him her MA&i handed her my fake CT with the SAME ADDRESS. it worked.
 JasmineSepeda_ fr. walmart has huge ones for like 5 dollars.
 MuggaFaizon Definitely a Walmart prepaid bro lol
pls like this if you have never loitered at walmart 
 Dannerkinsupdates Shipping is still delayed (lol) until mailers arrive from Amazon or Walmart restocks. Whichever… 
Walmart haul on the vlog?🤔 decided to keep on vlogging even though the day was crap
In Walmart-
My mom says to go get windshield wiper fluid. 
I TOOK HER ANTIFREEZE 😂
 ChefQueenie Same as Walmart.
This Bitch in Walmart Staring Me Down Like She Never Seen Nobody Put On Deodorant And Put it Back On The Shelf ... 🙆🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
 niicnaac94  BowTieBanda I heard it's where that Burger King was next to Walmart and Chick-fil-A 👀👀
You can get pillows at Walmart for  6.... 
Crest Deals at Your Local Stores With  Coupons – Kroger, Walmart, Target,... on  bloglovin
3 of a kind - go to  walmart & scoop your  VelvetMousse &  Wetever tins for a bold matte, metallic, or glossy lip!… 
Wearing Walmart clothes to grocery shop at Walmart has got to be some sort of low point.
 TeeCee_85  Jaxgma3235  NigelShartcrac1  IsaLeeWolf  taxvictim  rr7lv  SenJohnMcCain  judie352  kak089… 
 OffencePolice Yes..Dalston is so tough and dangerous...there's worst altercations at Walmart on black Friday than… 
 sayakoos Walmart's a bitch
Not at all, niggas just be prisoners of the moment. Like when niggas was pose to boycott Walmart lol 
 SpicyPurritos  DeadEyeDraw  Walmart she blocked me for it im yelling 
My mom dead had me go grocery shopping at Walmart 💀
walmart is the worst place to go on a friday night when you're in a rush 😐😐
People at Walmart are sooooooo loud.
 _Anfernie Nigga was sounding like a Walmart brand Travis  cott
Give the bitch the card and she go bananas in WALMART!😒Like of All places you ball out in WAL-MART
i've worked at 6 Walmart's between 2 states & today is finally my year date with the company. my life has changed a… 
 Obiwankenobree Oh wait, that was Walmart ✨
the old lady at Walmart just got on my 11 yr old brother for putting my dads beer on the checkout counter for him...
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart same I hate them, no talent screamo 0/21 😤
Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike 
crying in walmart has got to be rock bottom right....
so i was carrying my nephew & this cashier at walmart asked if he was my kid 😭😭
i feel slightly sick but should i still go down to the mcdonalds near me for a burg and fries. i still gotta pick some stuff up from walmart
If anybody looking for a job, Walmart is firing people left to right, the Walmart up Capital Plaza
Just got to pray with a friend in Walmart. What a glorious day. 🙏🔥
Dorel Twin Over Full Metal Bunk Bed for  149.00 at Walmart  -  -  At The Best Deals Club 
 weatherdan got your Eclipse glasses yet?  Walmart lol 
 LenoMilan  ShaunKing   Looks like they forgave her
“Girl tell me why I was on my way to Walmart and it exploded when I was pulling into the parking lot... smh niggas… 
ALERT: If You See THIS On Your Receipt From Walmart- Call The Police IMMEDIATELY 
 CharlieWainw  PythonGB There's a Walmart in the center of one of those
 aussieinTO depending on spoons (and if there's a sale) I usually check the dollar store, or Canadian Tire or (ugh) Walmart.
walmart nude sexy girls shake 
Walmart: the only public place I don't feel obligated to wear a bra
I swear it's so many young male workers in my side of town Walmart and all they do is stare . Like can I get my face back
 JurassicWorld was on sale  Walmart. I'm glad I got it for a bargain. 
You know you're living in a new town when you walk into Walmart and don't run into anybody you know
 FrankLuntz McCain voted against Trump. They get premium hc we get Walmart aisle 7. Repeal their wavier!
alright but walmart actually did me good today 
 bunnybcy  DeadEyeDraw  Walmart I physically choked laughing at this
This is what I do at Walmart 
 kettles.  misplaced things at  walmart.  schoolsupplies  pennya03  NSleftieGolfer  NFLDRaiderfan 
Lowkey need to go to Walmart to grab some draws and socks since it's tax free this weekend.🤔
. 1800CONTACTS is AMAZING! They processed and shipped my order in half the time, plus they were cheaper that Walmart!
Found these mascot heads at Walmart! 😂😂😂 
 Skippy_TN I do my very best to never shop at Walmart.
girls of walmart porn big boobs sex scene 
Just had a full on conversation with a guy in Walmart about popcorn 🍿 who dousnt love some good popcorn  popcornconnoiseur
I fake argued with myself in front of the store and then smashed the bricked phone in front of walmart and everyone that could see me was
 annie3592 He is indeed. lost my wallet at Walmart today and someone turned in into the police 🙏⛪️
zoo d obj bio o o u I am  owith to Bynum said can you buy him a bag of chips from Walmart and sour cream and cheddar and he'll pay you back
In a Walmart in Louisiana....the alcohol section is so close to infant needs you'd think all they do here is get drunk and have kids.
Now selling snowballs at  Walmart… ❄️🎙  BlueMicrophones 
In  Walmart trying to decide... buy, or just play with it for a while... tough choice. 🐔🐥😀~:> 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Loss Prevention Stops A Customer Who Paid For All Her Items & Accuses Her Of
 jamalhbryant  DILEMMAnade when been given the task to REMODEL 25k sqft of CONFERENCE SPACE &  25k ...you must want Walmart FURNITURE!  WT?
in the past 2 hours, i have been to walmart, costco, 2 krogers and 3 gas stations. pass me a beer. it's the motherfucking weekend
Hey does anyone have a car that will be willing to film a video and get kicked out of Walmart!! Any takers
Party in Springer tonight , meet at Walmart at 9 , spread word to errrrbody
so my phone that broke at esa was bricked and I started using a new one so while I was at walmart I hatched a brilliant plan...
We did our eyebrows, had a late lunch, went to Walmart, & cleaned the apartment! It was a super productive day 😊🙌🏼
Someone tell me why Walmart only had 3 lanes open when it's beyond crowded?????
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 7/31/2017 
NO ONE in walmart understands personal space
 theerealredz hey gone the most futuristic flip jawn i can find bro 😭 might cop a lil go phone out walmart 😂😭😭
 OffHiatusBBC It'll feel better if you think of these as oddballs. I just hope they have Target and Walmart branding on them.
My dog lost his squeaky toy and won't stop crying about it. Now I'm at Walmart getting a new one
 ladyschae Go to education than to bribe businesses to create a few jobs, then pull up stakes after their obligatio… 
august 18th I am going to rabentire in Kennett get me a new tire I refuse to buy new tires from Walmart that... 
Marie and I just witnessed an older lady stuff nail polish in her bra at walmart
These s'more popsicles are the perfect partner for our iced s'more coffee!  ad 
If anyones in the market for new daily moisturizer get olay complete all day, WOW-best price  walmart  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
Hit & Skip:  Walmart Parking Lot
 eatmyaesthetics I hear there's a Walmart usually in the center. The true gateway to hell
I just bought a new PS4 controller for  13. Gamestop gave me  27 for an old controller, & Walmart matched their online price of  40.
Buy Zestra for her at  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid… 
I'm on fb a post says "yeen from Mobile if yeen steal from Walmart self check out" bitch I just wanna delete the whole app wtf
I liked a  YouTube video KICKED OUT OF COMPTON WALMART IN 15 SECONDS!! JSC Ep. 2!
I WAS EXCITED TO GET OFF WORK TO SEE HAYLEE AND WHEN I GET HOME I FIND THAT MY FAMILY HAD LEFT FOR WALMART WITH HER AND DIDNT TELL ME
People in Walmart rude as hell 🤦🏾‍♀️
Follow along with the Topps Q&A at  NSCC17: Topps Gallery Baseball coming to Walmart, Topps Fire to Target.
Amber Hensley: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know 
 ProudAm781  OnlyInBOS  fenwaypark You must be a bitch republican who the only girls he can get with is either his… 
If you're camping style is this, do everyone a favour and stay in a Walmart parking lot instead.  growup 
So I was going to go to the gym tonight, but instead, I went to Walmart and bought Tostitos and queso dip  piggy
Sarah,did you take the sheets off your bed and create that ensemble yourself,please stylists from Walmart please help her
"Walmart wouldn't sell them to me, because they said that was a scam going around.  So she said to send the money by Western Union."
Staples Push Pins, Clear, 100/Pack - 
Amber Hensley: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know via  heavysan
 SocialWoke  deeptissue808  RandPaul Walmart has gone against it's American products promise.
I believe he said Gallery also will be a Walmart exclusive -- but could be wrong.
WATCH: Woman Threatens Somalians in Walmart Parking Lot 
Topps Gallery coming back as Walmart exclusive. Topps Fire Baseball exclusive to Target later this year.
an old lady working at the register of walmart told me "you too young to be so sad"
GROCERY STORE or whatever the store's name is except walmart isn't like a grocery store it's a supermarket 
People of Walmart and the vintage fair mall are two hella different social dynamics
Got home from walmart and saw this. What a freak. 
Walmart runs be like…  wakedstudios  subscribe  youtube   Walmart Supercenter Old Bridge 
People have no respect when they go to McDonald's and Walmart .
This cashier at Walmart told me she liked my rick and morty shirt ☺️☺️
Walmart already has Christmas decorations for sale 🤣🤦🏼‍♂️
 jessmurph96 Really?? I went to the mentor Walmart the other day and they didn't have it 🙄
Walmart to Streamline Corporate Positions Again 
Walmart Making Job Cuts at Home Office in Bentonville 
 Walmart please return my money to my account from your glitches snes launch.. I thought no charge until shipped?
If you ever feel like hating yourself for your life decisions, just go to the Walmart on North Tryon Street.
Also my travels through Walmart I found this poop demon who's eyes are darker then the void 
 thehill So, CA voted big for Hillary. Didn't count because of Midwest voters that could squeeze into a Walmart.

N… 
 t_wiggles_ Walmart
1st advance security & walmart once I start school 😋 
If you see me in people of Walmart, don't judge. It's a Christmas party in July night.
Yes. My mom called me while I was on the walmart toilet. 
Yes. I answered her
 Walmart Thanks you  Walmart 👍😀♥️
I went to Walmart and sat in france while My shoulder saw a lion telling Me "r u chillin'" then I drank off the water fountain
Walmart stands in the same relation to the study of the dropped antique as masturbation to sexual love 👏🏻
AZO Urinary Pain Relief Just  0.97 At Walmart!


 3x5 he meant this 
 SocialWoke  deeptissue808  RandPaul I've never worked for Walmart.
Nintendo Switch Bundles Available Online Through Walmart, GameStop - 
Walmart online 
 Captain_Gecko Oh my, we try our best to have what you're looking for! You may share your product request w/ MGMT o… 
 UiKalei I can imagine. It's like the people of Walmart pictures and the crazy outfits hahah
 TrinaDeLaMuerte Laaaaaame. I didn't realize movies get the Walmart treatment with the clean versions.
Win A  25 Walmart GC In The Scream for Ice Cream Giveaway Hop Ends 7/31 
THIS WALMART IS PLAYING NSYNC BYE BYE BYE
see also: me in a Walmart on the verge of a Breakdown for no reason
 _catmand00d hmm i'm not sure. there's usually some   target & walmart & ross!! there's also an old navy there that has plus sizes
 Normanava_ At Walmart or dollar tree.
Is Your Dirt Organic? Learn About EcoScraps +  50 Walmart Gift Card  family  giveaway  holidays  sponsored  spring
3 people passed out in the Walmart parking lot bc of the heat omg
Sony Dualshock 4 Controller, Urban Camo (PS4) - 
nude girl - walmart pussy fairy 
naked girls of walmart sexy redhead webcam 
she walking around walmart asking random boys if im cute she so damn extra 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂💀
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart we're  streessed out 😫😫
My little brother is staying the night with me so I take him to Walmart to pick out what he wants for dinner. He picks out chocolate milk🤗😅
I found this guy in Walmart and decided to stand him up in the middle of the aisle. Everyone who walked by was conf… 
Sweetheart the nutty green sheep from Walmart,
 Oscy_ Sounds like you are a stocker. I was one for 3rd shift at Walmart and this shit gave me depression
This guy I just walked past at Walmart whispered "gorgeous" lol
 possiibly  DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart thought they were called 41 toenails?????
 RecruitThis10  DanWolken You notice Dan didn't report on Ole Miss's request to dismiss or why Mars lost job at Walmart
Publix is the new Walmart yall sleep
We at Walmart & this little white boy walked by & saw Keanna car, 😂 he said "Wow, that's a small car!" 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
I'm just trying to tell  JoeSantagato about my Walmart experiences  getSydonTheBasementYard
I always loved brand names but I'd rather wear Walmart clothes LMFAO
For everyone asking- the lashes I'm wearing in these pics are these Halloween lashes from Walmart 👻 
walmart is an intellectual they sell vixx albums 
i was gonna go home and have a shower beer after work but my coworkers asked me to hang at walmart after so u could… 
Went to Walmart for the first time in a while and I felt like I cheated on Target
I'm now the Duchess of Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp! 
Fun fact I look like the Walmart  MarinaDiamandis when I brush my hair 
Y'all gon work at Best Buy then retire as Walmart greeters with 5 years back paid child support n shit.
Hey  Walmart  walmarthelp I went to look for some goldfish today and this is what I found.. does this look healthy… 
Warning, sexy Russian Walmart employee Tymofy may walk into walls when you grin at him for a solid six seconds without breaking eye contact
Olay Shea Butter body wash is by far my fave! And it's on Rollback at Walmart...Win! influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
When ur standing in the line at Walmart and the feeling of existential dread overwhelms u 
OUR Walmart seeks a Field Organizer based in North Carolina. Details can be  found at:  1u… 
 Walmart this in store pick up is hilarious....fo real!  walmart  15mins  urpayingthisguy  ha 
So I'm grabbing wrapping paper from Walmart 'cause it's my daughter's birthday tomorrow. I grab the metallic... 
 Baddicey It's THE Walmart
Will I go to Walmart tonight?
Target vs Walmart 
 AirSheppard I don't even think it's a super Walmart 💀
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
walmart's six sexiest women pictures from playboy min sex 
 UiKalei Yeah Walmart sucks anyways hahah
 ricardo15h I got fruit from Walmart but it was disgusting. The honey dew melon was white!!!!
 badlin  Walmart  ChaseShineBomb what a time to be alive!
You guys! We gotta hurry! I just got back from Walmart, they're selling Nintendo 3DS systems for 149.99 on sale
some random girl in walmart smiled at me first not all girls are bitches!!!!:)
Please don't yell "damn baby" at me out of your truck window with a cig in ur mouth while I'm walking to my car in the Walmart parking lot 😖
 MaajicCity_ Walmart 😌
first vlog/messing around in walmart: via  YouTube
 YungDelirious You can get a few at Walmart ☺️
oomf said hatethesefools was a walmart version of madblackthot ksjhgjskhg
Walmart Surveillance Shows John Crawford Was Killed 'On Sight' By Police - 
I'm high and so paranoid in this walmart
girls of walmart nude sexs breast 
Didn't even make it to Walmart and already got pulled over... dropping soon.. drive safe
Then he threatened her? Wow Walmart! 
 FedupJean  deeptissue808  RandPaul U must not work at Walmart then where they reduce ur hrs purposely to skirt benefits
OUR Walmart seeks a Field Organizer based in Los Angeles. Details can be found at:  1u… 
 Walmart  ChaseShineBomb I just expensed this and was told to categorize it under "office equipment."
Holy shit Walmart employees move at the pace of half of a damn snail good lord give me patience
best essays online  corrector english online
When You ain't care cuz Roger shops at Walmart 
When you walk into Walmart and there's a lady a customer service with her pet parakeet
 TheJudge44 is just the Walmart version of frankenstein😂😂😂
I want some chocolate cake 😍😩 literally gonna buy a bday cake from Walmart when I get off lmfao
My mom has beef with all Walmart coworkers.
These scammers just came into my job tryna use walmart cards to buy shit, & none of them were working 😭😭 they was looking so stressed
going to Walmart + by myself + hungry = not good 😳
walmart version of evil dick 
Don't sleep on Walmart candles. Got the bedroom smelling like warm apple pie.
New glasses!!!   Walmart Woodbury - Clements Bridge Rd 
lookin like gucci, feelin like walmart
Nice day out, sucks I spend it all at Walmart, but at least I'm in Lawn and Garden
OUR Walmart seeks a Field Coordinator in California (preferably Los Angeles). Details can be found at… 
SDCC Baxter back up on Walmart: 
 B2S means stocking up on supplies and  PURELL means less germs on my kids. Find it  Walmart when you're back 2 school shopping  GotItFree
Went to Walmart for church stuff, drove past Sally's and saw 'SALE up to 50%off' now I'm in my car trying on bonnets and testing gels 🤦🏽‍♀️
二人目ｗｗ　Walmart Ball Pit: Halloween Edition ?? 
 RealJamesWoods This needs to be posted in every WalMart nationwide!
 BenHallin Walmart has some kickass schwinns on the rack bro hit that up
walking through walmart & i found a cane. told my mom i was going to buy it for her birthday. rip to my life 😅
Those Walmart brand painkillers work better than Lortabs 😣
Going ballistic in the  Walmart check-out line is my cardio
Walmart is a madhouse rn
 DameOfDamnation //His name is Wally for short. But actually Walmart. It's where he was found lol
 BIG_cat420 Yo any walmart/wawa i would assume. I think its like not apple flavor but its live lol
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart Aka this is false.
 mikeymanfs Yo shout me out on 👻  snapchat im an OG fan been here since 7th Walmart video
Can we just come together as a society and clear something up:
In Walmart one side of the aisle is ONCOMING the other is NOT. Get it right.
 UiKalei I hate that Walmart let him buy thousands of them. It's ridiculous
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart 21 pirates suck. I hate Blurryface, Takin' my time and All my Friends!!! Ugh. So bland. Daddy… 
5 winners 1st prize is 100  walmart. Please help me win. Click now. from  areck0001  aaronreckgiveaway 
Why is it people think ur weird just cause u walk around walmart naked saying here kitty kitty kitty
 misscar2015  secra_xp She'll fit on just fine at Walmart
 Kids  Toys Marvel  Legends Ultimate Spider Man vs Vulture Walmart Exclusive New Two-Pack 
608ZZ Single Row Steel Shielded Deep Groove Ball Bearings 22mmx8mmx7mm 10pcs - 
I'm in Walmart in the money gram line and the line is crazy long
*walking out of Walmart with huge water guns*
Little kid walking by: woahhhh
Brother: I call that a success
Walmart Online: Save On Simple & Satisfying Meals 
2 Spark Mini Beanbags for  2 + pickup at Walmart 
thick ass amateur white married milf at Walmart in zachery Louisiana 
Regret is coming to Walmart on tax free weekend...🙃
When you go to walmart in marietta to get a fade 
I'm pretty sure a child is being kidnapped at Walmart
Apologies all around at meeting between those involved in Walmart parking lot video 
when you stunting with the slides but yo socks from walmart 
STRESSED OUT IS PLAYING IN WALMART I AM LIVING
 walmart and say you can bring it in for a swap if you get the 2 year plan (2/2)
Can y'all believe  alexmann3 wouldn't let me get out in the Walmart parking lot and look at puppies????
I just fell in love at Walmart. 
Redheads, they have a way to my heart.
Walk up to the  WalMart register with two things of ice cream and a fresh cooked chicken...the thing I went without...My wallet.🤦‍♂️
 Walmart  nintendoswitch there employees will lie to you on how there plans work and suggested you get the highest priced protection (1/2)
I just went to the walmart..
I BELONG
NEW VIDEO || GOT KICKED OUT OF WALMART!! 😳😱 
i'm in walmart by myself this is scary as fuck no offence
I don't procrastinate often. But when I do it's to go to Walmart.
 bobpockrass Did you say Walmart?
 JuddBaroff  KevinNR Your point about shopping limitations is dumb though. Walmart isn't even that great in terms of grocery prices.
I had an asthma attack in walmart 
Every time I go to the Walmart in New Lenox I see all these heady ass ppl 😂😅.   wooklenox
walmart charlie scene lol 
Walmart 
This man wore a gun on his hip to Walmart. Son...why do you need a gun at Katy Mills Walmart??
You know its bad when you came to walmart just to buy a case of fiji water💦
Walmart is rolling out giant vending machines for online pickup orders via  Mashable
Bruh whenever I go to Walmart I go on a fucking adventure lmao
What is it about the Westside Walmart?! 🤣😂🤣
I need to go to Walmart but I'm not getting on that bus again 😂
BRO NIGGAS SUCKIN TOES IN WALMART NOW!!
 DeadEyeDraw  baybay1173  Walmart i hate rode😓👌
 Walmart Raises The Stakes Against  Amazon To The  Cloud  chriskern67 
 THEREALRTU  YouTube I still kick myself in the butt for not buying that one I found at Walmart for  299 about a mo… 
 RealJamesWoods They should put a similar sign outside every Walmart.
Suave Hairspray only  0.47    Walmart! - 
Olay body wash smells great and leaves your skin feeling soft and clean! Head to Walmart & get some!  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
I just saw this little girl at Walmart that looks just like Honey Boo Boo
 Walmart Presents A Ten-Point Plan To Renew US  Manufacturing via  pymnts  Mfg 
Man Dies After Struggle With Walmart Security 
I went to walmart, delt with little kids screaming and following me, got my toe ran over, BUT , I found a rowlett plush
It was worth it all
When you go to the Subway in Walmart and  mattosborne isn’t there. 🤣😂
Dear Circleville Walmart, please make an announcement periodically that there was a sewage line break. Everyone... 
 HerMeaganence I got my hair cut for 12 dollars at Walmart.
Walmart offers a banking service that helps customers save money 
 Target has become the new  Walmart ...only one lane open at 7:30 on a Friday night.   disappointed
I just walked around the Walmart parking lot for a good 2 minutes looking for my car before realizing I drove my moms car🙃🤦🏼‍♀️
Does anyone know where I can get Stadium Club Blasters? My Target & Walmart don't have them. Thanks.
Well, after working 10 long hours on day shift at work, and a trip to Walmart to buy some necessary midnight... 
 KevinSMayfield  KevinNR How many ISP providers do you have access to? Many only have one. Many are too poor to sho… 
New on Ebay!Star Wars in the USA Star Wars The Black Series IMPERIAL DEATH TROOPER Walmart Exclusive 3.75"… 
going from winco to walmart was a challenge in and of itself tbh
Walmart but don't scan them tho 
Literally a bitch just needs to go to Walmart 
Jake (the littlest vaquero in our tribe of heathens) walked around Walmart with me saying "Sup cowhand, it's my birfday" to everyone.
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart Stressed out is over played and overstayed. It was a smash hit! Funny how over played songs sound like crap🤔🤔
we were gon go to the frozen yogurt place but...bruh there's road construction fuckin everywhere we could barely make it home from walmart
walmart shouldnt freakin close at 12
Found in the  neatfreak section at  walmart.  irony  pennya03  NSleftieGolfer  NFLDRaiderfan 
i'm rlly sorry for complaining so much bout wow my mom was   walmart wearing an LGBT shirt and a guy said "dumbocrat"
At walmart and here's this 
Fireflies is playing in walmart rn nice
 UiKalei It is and it happens a lot. One man came in and tried to buy a bunch of iTunes cards but we stopped him bu… 
Greenland Gardener 42"x42" Raised Garden Bed for  21 + pickup at Walmart
http:
 Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike

Shenanigans with mom.  Twinsies   Walmart Hoover 
Walmart got planners for  5.
Im walking around walmart w/ Evie while Silvia is getting her eyebrows done and some guy asked if they can be a step dad. GTFO lmfaooo
If you've got 21 items in the 20 or less line at Walmart we're throwing hands
 ClancyReports  calestous Expansion of charging infrastructure costs... what,  200 per site? I can't talk to a plum… 
Will someone please explain to me why Walmart only has 3 lanes open but the store is beyond crowded????
 RealJamesWoods Perfect... rather than let's dress like we are going to Walmart.
I'm white 🤷‍♂️but I'm not Walmart white🙄🤦‍♂️😝
 westonwindell23 Hit walmart up they have the stuffed animals😂🙏
I am at the Walmart in canton though.
Nah but im definitely grabbing that ass in the checkout aisle at walmart 
Y Ppl Wanna Clown At Walmart Today?
I came to Walmart for milk and I left with 50  worth of stuff but no milk :)
So someone from Morrice works at the Ludington Walmart and knows me... what???
walmart anal creampie 
 corbynbesson better question, what don't you need from walmart?
Amazon drops its free shipping minimum to  25, undercutting Walmart 
 influenster  secretatwalmart  contest I am loving these new deodorants from secret at walmart, the scents are amazing!
Best Buy>>>>Walmart
Walmart Gears Up For Chinese eCommerce Event | - 
Look like it belongs in Walmart 
I'll even shop online at  walmart website. I like that free site2store shipping. I think that's what it's called. 
 Wilson_corona  Walmart  zaynmalik I SAW THIS TODAY & THOUGHT OF YOU
One of the biggest events of the week has been making bracelets from threads we brought. We've had to WALMART twice… 
She probably eat powdered donuts from Walmart 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
If you come to Walmart and got a hole in ur leggings....plz...I beg of you...TAKE YO ASS BoeingCK TO THE HOUSE AND CHANGE!!!
Lawsuit filed over allegations Fort McMurray Walmart sold bad food | Calgary Herald ➜… 
So when it comes to CHH let it be  StillJesus like it's supposed to be and woke rap can be woke at Walmart. That's just fine
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Austin, TX 
Yo shout out to entering Walmart through the exit doors and vice versa. Fight the power and such
I haven't had my car a month , and some guy backed right into me at Walmart today and proceeded to drive off. 😤
Jonny Boi has informed me that Lime has made a return to Skittles and I cannot wait to go to Walmart to get some.
 billcanzoneri  DanRyckert Dan, no need to totally stop going and by all means do you, but please reconsider cavali… 
Watch out Walmart customers!... 
 BrunoMars Walmart
Just went to Walmart in leggings, sweatshirt, and no tooth. What have I become
 1JosephBOrtiz  yak_face I attached the Barcode its scannable still with the Walmart app and will help let you know… 
Mainstays Cube Storage Side Tables Set Of 2 Just  10!  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals  Mainstays
 magnaiorinir cartons of tazo chai r  2.98 at Walmart
I make weekly trips to Marshfield Walmart, for these certain grapes that only they ever sell🍇
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Deptford, NJ 
Me and my mom are at Walmart and she asked me what color I wanted to paint my room... this better not be a joke 🙄
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to put thr back-pain meds on rhe bottom shelf at Walmart?
just realized that when i was at walmart today, i got  20 cash back and walked away without grabbing it.. fml
Someone pulled up on me at Walmart talking about "what's up (govt name)" I was like "heyyy...???" 
 Pacers No no no no no. Hate em. The shorts look like a generic thing you'd buy at Walmart
My mom does Walmart pick up and Hy-Vee deliver🙃 
I need to go to Walmart.
There's 3 cop cars in front of the Walmart in Buda omg what's going on
My headass brother let his car go dead now we stuck at Walmart 🙄
People in this Walmart need to perk tf up and stop being rude ass bitches lol
Baxter Stockman is well stocked in Walmart Warehouses. More coming online soon! Thanks for the… 
Walmart clearance tablecloth = new favorite bulletin board cover! 😍🌵🌸 

.
.
.
 iteachfourth… 
*walking through walmart in my subway uniform* 
some random guy to his wife : "HEY didn't she use to work at tacobell"
 Adam79Russell Oh wow, have you had a chance to speak with a manager about this? If not, please share at:… 
I JUST MISTAKENED A WOMAN  IN WALMART FOR JERRY CANTRELL IM SHRIEKING
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart 21 pirates are so bad wtfffffff have you heard their latest song? Hayhaytan? I'm so tired of it
Convicted in a St. George shooting in 2015, back in court after a pursuit, crash with police car Thursday at Walmart 
Loved the Olay rollback display at my local Walmart!  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart 
The greatest evil of them all is probably located in the center.... Walmart 
Image from Psycho Bunny Mens Classic Black Watch PB1001BLK- 
GamesBeat weekly roundup: Walmart’s Switch debacle, and PUBG has its first controversy 
 nythomps Walmart has my fav. It's called shea tea tree 😀
Walmart. Y'all got a problem with theft simply because it's 2 people working the registers at 7 pm on a Friday night 😒 ridiculous
Like Walmart has so many fucking workers but only 3 registers open da fuck!?
I go into Walmart for 1 THING just 1 THING and I leave with a buggy full of stuff I don't need 🙂
action teen school nude girls of walmart tubes 
Just passed a guy coming out of Walmart who bought 2 dozen red roses and a huge bottle of DayQuil 😭

... as I went inside alongside my mom
Justin went to Walmart because I was craving Mike n Ike's, but they didn't have them so he drove to Kroger 😭😭 he kills my heart
 GOPChairwoman  GOP  POTUS  Reince You fucks turn over staff faster than Walmart.  FailingFriday  MAGA 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Dont want to have to go to walmart 🤔
When flying the window should always be down- I just had my Walmart sweatshirt over my head for 2 hours
 CLM_net Awesome find! -Jazz
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Cary, NC 
there's a guy in the walmart parking lot giving out pit bull puppies and i am SO TEMPTED
going to Walmart on a weekend, you're guaranteed to see 3+ people you know
These Are the Most Popular Drugstore Lipstick Shades Across America 
Im literally going to Walmart to get ink bc I want to print it rn 
 eJasssie Tired.. in walmart... HELP
 WWETNAfigures heads up my local Walmart has the series 1 turtles marked down to 15 not sure if all are doing this to get rid of the old
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart Right I hate Tyler dun and josh highlighter Joseph
Fuck you Walmart
every time i go to walmart it reminds me of why i don't go to walmart
Reuters Top News: Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike 
I came to Walmart way too early. There are too many people here
Me: so g we need a tank or a close combat fighter
G: meet stickertrash Walmart the wizard who gets hit once and dies
 FoxNews  KellyannePolls Oh  KellyannePolls better look over your shoulder. Rumor has it...shhh your next...on the… 
Walmart is so trash over here almost had to slap a bitch smh
 Awesomeness5k  momMightbeTipsy  chrissyteigen Uh hahah  chrissyteigen at Walmart...that will be the day
Man Accused Of Sexually Assaulting Boy In Walmart Bathroom 
 Walmart Jelly Sandals Contain Lead?  Guess they need to see my neighbor's daughter feet.  Idiots  -  Snopes
 NinMobileNews Is the SNES Classic pre-order going up on walmart this week?  Wasn't a rep quoted it went up a week early???
Oh no Dan, not Walmart
Walmart Testing Blockchain Technology for Supply Chain Management - 
Walmart Exclusive Spider Gwen (Unmasked) 1/72 Mystery Mini Funko Marvel VHTF 
But why is there mad cuties in Walmart rn 🙃
My method for not buying shxt in Walmart equals not getting a cart
 Walmart opened its first Neighborhood Market in Collinsville this week: 
Walmart is the place where you can lose your dignity and no one notices. 
bruh this homeless guy at Walmart had a sign that said "lost cub looking for cougar"
Tammy and I just saw Charles at Walmart
I try Walmart..i do..when u say your Peet Moss is 2.00 per bag..but when i get there its 3.50??....😠
 AndreDeWayne I didn't even tell you how Karsyn acted the other day at Walmart!
customer just got wild af at walmart 😂
"Government is not like a business.  Walmart can't use a gun to make you pay their prices."  RepThomasMassie  YALiberty  MakeLibertyWin
Having  PURELL Hand Sanitizer on hand is a must this summer!  GotItFree Available  Walmart.
almost got run over at walmart, if only i would of gone to target, that would of never happened
 walmarthelp 7:05, wife calls Walmart to see if she can bring in balloons to get inflated. Told "Well, we like to have some notice." /1
Mom:*while holding an armload of fabric* okay I need some advice on my craft project 
Dad: take it back to Walmart and get your money back
 HGoettel WALMART
 figureight i popped in walmart to see weed whackers by diapers and baby stuff. do you approve of this? 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Metairie, LA 
 napsterbater  Walmart Thanks for sharing, we value your opinion. Please call us at 1-888-287-1976 to tell us more… 
 Denise_Masino The RED BOX will rent it for  1.50 per night vs may be  5.00 or more   Targets,Best Buy Walmart.Good… 
 Walmart  ripoff  NintendoSwitch don't get the warranty from walmart if you get a switch it's garbage and a ripoff
naked black girls anal women of walmart nude tube 
Marvel Legends HUMAN TORCH Nova Variant Loose Figure Ares BoeingF wave WALMART excl 
Anyone in the Tri-City looking for a gently used pool similar to this one? 

(Pool, ladder, pump, frame & a few... 
who said that guy from walmart wasn't able to watch roblox porn all day???
Going to Walmart so I put on concealer bc i feel insecure about the acne around my mouth. Which I haven't felt like this in a while..
I liked a  YouTube video Keto Walmart Grocery Haul
I just want to find a friend in Lincoln that wants to go to Walmart or some shit and get groceries cause there's no way to convince Colton 😑
yeah OK whatever
 catnapsvolume1 Walmart parking lot, Trinidad, CO. Waiting for loins. I made him go in alone because I hate being at walmart lol.
All is fine and well until you drop your FUCKING CREDIT CARD DOWN THE DRAIN AT WALMART.
 WhatTheForecast 😭😭😭   Walmart New Orleans - Tchoupitoulas St 
Yes, it is totally President Trump's fault that this woman, and the other two, were nasty to each other.
 FakeNews
Thats why i love walmart lmfao
I went in Walmart today to grocery shop. I promise everybody was staring at me 😭
 Alana_DeLaGarza  CriminalMindsBB 😂 I love Target Pole Dancers a lot more than Walmart Greeters! 🙃
 andrewpickett24  curtmoore34  stag_shadduck Canton can't do that. What's Walmart we don't have one. Also any of yo… 
They’re just having you follow his teachings. Lest ye who shop at Walmart do so as if ye are shopping in the fires… 
White I Love Mommy Ultra Soft Cotton Tee For Dog - Small (Gift for Pet)
Category: Below  10, Walmart… 
Making his fav lasagna. Good thing I recieved these new cutting boards to test because he broke my old one! Lol  ad… 
Damn walmart really hit its emo phase 
went to walmart to buy marshmallows and came out with 3 glow fish 😅 
So I'm in my local Walmart on the SW side of Atlanta and see them selling this 
Walmart now has private label organic first cold pressed EVOO. If you want to be clever, refill… 
Porcelein Pin Worlds hottest Electrician Lapel Badge - NEONBLOND - 
Our greeter Frank, from walmart was telling my mom how beautiful I am, and that I'm such an angel 😇😇
Fischer Fit Line 1839 de Embutir de R  949.9 por R  842.8
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Im at walmart my ex wants to buy stuff so im drawing and eating pizza 
Good job Walmart! Put the back pain patches on the bottom shelf!  oldmanprobs  ihateBenDover 
just going to the walmart a home has given me anxiety. how can an entire location drain so much happiness from someone i don't understand
📷 thugsaggers0912: Only at Walmart 
I've lost chris in Walmart and I can't find the hotdogs. Why do bad things happen. 
can someone take me to walmart to pick up something i ordered pls
True, but Jesus Christ they couldn't turn on the air at some pnt. New way to say weather. Is it hot outside? "Yes b… 
it is on rollback at Walmart. love it!!

 influenster  contest  olayatwalmart 
Thanks Walmart! (I still seek a Seaspray) 
Why the fuck would somebody want to "hang out" at Walmart at 1 am? That's not a "Texas thing" lmao 
they found this nigga Lackin at Walmart 💀💀 
freaking out in Walmart, it's all cool.😭😭😭😭 
 figureight Thats a clean bosozoku for walmart
Walmart Cashier Flabbergasts Foster Mom When He Hears the Voice of God via  Ministry_Today
Modern Science: Walmart developing smart camera that can spot unha... 
Thought I was gonna have to live in Walmart for a few hours... the rain was nooo joke... I wasn't prepared! Now I walked out spending more😩
the craziest shit ever just happened at walmart. this is wild.
 sincespacies I agree, but to me, it's not even close. Why are people preordering from Walmart anyway? I didn't eve… 
i just recently found this and I love but I love all Olay products and walmart that where I get olay  influenster… 
Walmart fucking credit card. Like suck my dick. Like don't talk down to me when you have a Walmart credit card you fat cunt
Ain't nun but heat at the Walmart in the willow 😮💃🏽
 GottulaJeremy They are  10 at Walmart. Go buy one
In the time it took  Walmart's pmt screen to load, load, load & time out, I uploaded, placed & paid for my photo order on  Walgreens' site.
There's more change over in the Trump administration than at the local Walmart Greeter position
Something about Walmart that just makes me a little squirrelly
 CarbonKnights ...but Walmart stuffed up too here. LOL 
my happy place. 😂 don't know wha I love more Walmart or the toys aisle. 😩 
Some cunts Walmart credit card didn't work and I had no idea why and she's talking down to me? Like you're the fucking one useing a
Walmart just need to get rid of self checkout , I'm pretty sure they get finessed every minute
 ewwwbutt_bri Walmart they are nice my girl has a pair and it makes her booty pop. Or Macy's but those are jeggins I believe
When you meal plan and grocery shop while riding in the car.  winwin   worksmarternotharder   mealime  Walmart  grocerypickup
whoever voted today congrats meet me at walmart for ur prize 
 F1abraham Looks like simon made the right choice. You look like one of those people in Walmart pics. 😂😂🖕
Keranique Walmart Update - 
Stupid target. I'm shopping at Walmart from now on 
Convicted St. George shooter back in court after crash into police car during fast Walmart pursuit via  SpectrumNews
Walmart Loss Prevention Stops A Customer Who Paid For All Her Items & Accuses Her Of Stealing! 
 Walmart I have a small  stockpile of  PURELL School starts back in less than a month.  nogerms  GotItFree
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart Uhh i hate Taylor and Jose their band Twenty Paphonies suck
Wow this is great. This is what I’m talking about. Spicy, legit ingredients. Actually sold at Walmart too… pricy th… 
Walking through Walmart like... 
 angelgirl1976 The Walmart brand is much less expensive--but it just doesn't work at all for me. I'd rather pay  15.00 and have releif.
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart I hate them 201 pirates! With their skeleton crew!
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart Ugh ik 21 pilots are the worst band EVER
Walmart wants to be on the cutting edge of VR -
 by  Keyes0
 Client  Retail 
Tbh glory days is like a Walmart version of 7/27 , 7/27 is so much better
nude girls of walmart photos www pale girl porn pix com 
 DabinDano  scgreen10 keep it hidden and put up a fake camera outside were its really visible 
 
The gun barrel city Walmart is one of a kind
 arionajadee why didn't you just buy them at walmart you would of had them sooner
Cra-Z-Art Colored Pencil 12-Pack for 50 cents + pickup at Walmart
http:
 realcmjerk  Walmart He ain't talkin' to me brah.
Mean while in the store  walmart 
 StraightDAsian  Walmart *goes through line with oreos & bleach*
We were in Walmart for at least an hour yesterday & I still forgot to get some fruit 😓
a car almost hit mine in the walmart parking lot but an old man stopped it and directed it back into its place! tbc is so good sometimes
Goes to Walmart just for cat litter.            *Shit, it's tax free weekend* 🙃
 SpiderManMovie  TMNT  GameStop  Walmart now only missing 2 from this year's  SDCC2017 
Shay and I were at Walmart and some woman made fun of my snort...
 major_beefe semi-related but the first time i bought a pregnancy test out of paranoia i cried in walmart and a lad… 
 mooseknuckles There is a Walmart in the middle of it.
Well I would agree with you, but you knew what Walmart was when you went inside. 
 TheHippieFarmer Walmart doesn't carry  TritonBrewing so I'm deciding on whiskey or a liquor store lol
 walmart WHERE ARE YOUR EMPLOYEES?! Literally needed fabric cut and that was it. No one was there. Not going there again.
 boogiepopprobin It's funny because the most common defense of globalism I hear is "but muh consumer goods!" and ye… 
A man has been accused of sexually assaulting a child in a Walmart bathroom: 
Walmart Is Quietly Developing Technology To Monitor Your Emotions While You Shop: 
Walmart always put me on songs even though I hate this radio sometimes 😂😂
While most people her age park in fire lanes at Walmart for an hour
Some broke ass bitch using  walmart straight talk gave me or two juggalos his address. Not sure which. 
Went to Walmart today, and I saw something that you never see, more than 2 lanes open
you could deadass get these at walmart for like  12 
Smart TV LED 32 ´ Samsung 3... Apenas R 1238.00 Acesse  TV  SmartTV   oferta  desconto… 
When they got your girls' poster at  Walmart .  rwby  walmart 
North Bay Walmart is so gross omg
Excuse me  Walmart did  zaynmalik approve this ????? 
Reasons why I don't come to the Walmart on Panola! Literally was near a shooting
"I want the red one.' 'That's pink...'" -Boy at Walmart
Balm de Barbear Dr Jones The Shaving Sol... Apenas R 39.90 Acesse  FiqueLinda  oferta… 
THIS LADY CALLED ME A BITCH FOR NOT SAYING "EXCUSE ME" AT WALMART, UHM GTFO I D I D SAY EXCUSE ME BUT U COULDNT HEAR THAT OVER UR LOUD EGO
Walmart - BIC Mechanical Pencil Xtra Comfort 6 pk only  0.97! - 
 Deals Camp Chef Double Beer Can Chicken Holder for  6 + pickup at Walmart 
How exhausted am I? Well I just pulled over at Walmart on my way home from work and took a 3 hour nap in the truck.. 😳😳
I should not be allowed to go to Walmart without supervision.  spenttoomuchmoney  mostlyonmakeup 🤦🏼‍♀️
 ashleighlam_ Just Target? Well....that's better than Walmart... gross
 daswhalebeard Been trying to get one. Our  Walmart walmhas them.
Walking around Walmart waiting on them to put new tires on is not fun at all.
Walmart employee's having to wear capes now?? just seen 2
I love how " WhatWouldYouDo?" makes me question reality. A couple arguing at Walmart makes me stop and think now... ABC
I think I saw Dixie at Walmart but idk if it was her bc it was a split second glance. So if it was you Dixie, I'm sorry and you're amazing 💖
pregnant filipina nude girls of walmart photos 
Now if Walmart workers in the US would unionize! 
People must think that the speed limit in the Walmart parking lot is 65 Mph
They're like one direction from walmart.
walmart does it for  19.99 just saying 
 Chosen_Yeah I am sure everything is very much needed. -Jazz
How you stay ugly big bro?! U need a scoop a cocoa butter for ya crusty Walmart rick Ross self 😂… 
Honestly disgusted it’s expired and they selled it  Walmart 🤢 
 S_A_L_T_Y_B_O_Y Walmart Fascism
Just walked by two people hooking up in their car in the Walmart parking lot. Classic
let's walk around walmart 😂 
I liked a  YouTube video TESTING 5 STAR RATED MAKEUP FROM WALMART! | DOPE OR NOPE!?
 Walmart I got my bike about 2 months ago and today after fixing a flat the actual tire blew. Loudly
just came outside of walmart to find a lady sitting on the hood of my car, picking her hair... man wtf
I was riding a bike at Walmart and saw someone I know and the look of pure disappointment on their face was very depressing
I literally HATE people who stop when coming into Walmart when there's not even a stop sign!!!!!!!!!!!
Walmart writes off utilities, uniforms, supplies, and events on their taxes...SO DO I!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Saves me thousands
i need to go to walmart real quick .
Haven't been to a Walmart in awhile.. HEB I miss you
grant_factory :  grants  funds Walmart Foundation Grants  500000 to UNCF to Strengthen Historically Black Colleges… 
me &  minnieraylene used to be at walmart literally everynight, buying who knows what. & i miss our walmart trips 😢
 walmarthelp All carts at the Sylacauga Alabama Walmart have square wheels and pull to one side. Also there are no baskets. Thanks.
 Mr_RSmash I'd rather buy chicken nuggets from Walmart and make them myself than eat Chick-Fil-A
 DeadEyeDraw  halfmybones  Walmart they suck woow
Thank you Evans walmart for not having baby pink plates. But plenty of baby blue.
Standing in line at the customer service desk at Walmart. Ugh.
 Reuters Walmart's tactic against unions developing has always to close the store. Will they walk away from an entire company?
i'm in walmart & some guy in another aisle heard me sneezed & yelled "bless you" 😂😂
I don't know what possessed me to just leave the sweater at home or even change my shirt before I left for Walmart, but well, too late now.
So we're on our way to eat and Brandon feels the need to stop at Walmart to return a fucking movie. So 15 mins later & I'm hangry
 Georgieboysmum Still weird as ever.
 WalMart
😂
When i go into Walmart why do men act like they've never seen a woman before
 dombiino Walmart😄
Zuru Mayka Tape to shape and build mini-villages and upside down towns! Affordably priced in-store and online.… 
porno girls of walmart anime mom and son porn 
 Jasmarino_1 We have lots of Walmart runs in our future 😏
 platonicfangirl  ThomasSanders Same but I don't know if Australia has Walmart tho but I'm heading of to work at Co… 
Just saw a girl my age walking around Walmart with no shoes on but all her friends had shoes 🤔
Olay is on Roll Back at Walmart!!  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
hot naked girls at walmart miranda kerr nude pic 
Hey  Walmart there's no reason I should get relief from the heat in your store by walking out in a windy 101 degree… 
My mom is disciplining me in Walmart bc I told her I could finish an entire bottle of wine by myself... oops sorry mom
bbs walmart - • Mossberg 835 at Walmart I Love MY.... Mossberg Shotguns 
Walmart: Clearance! Medieval Princess Child Halloween Costume only  10.74 (reg  24.97) Free pickup!… 
 Ps4Ark So GameStop/Walmart/Target etc still show 8/8/17. Buuuut Amazon UK has this: 
 Fbg_MONEYBoeingGZ mannnn I'm hollin tell one of yo lil babies to go to Walmart
Seriously speaking... WHY does the largest retailer ON EARF never EVER have all of their lanes/registers open?! i HATE  walmart!
This Lifetime Original Movie Britney Ever After available on DVD exclusively at Walmart on Aug. 15!… 
This body wash smells amazing and you can pick it up at Walmart  contest  olayatwalmart  influentster  Influenster 
I like shopping ~  Walmart  Wal-Mart  Target  target  HollisterCo  Hollister  Aeropostale  aero  CHANEL  chanel  amazon
 z0mgItsHutch To prevent stupid shit like killing a kid for having a bb gun in walmart. Like i said every situation… 
I just had a legit 10 minute chat with a lady that I did not know in Walmart about the different rotisserie chickens they carry  MyLife 🐔
 CapricornGang  Walmart It's so easy, just gotta know slightly about the position you apply for
I can't wait for the day go to Walmart instead of Walgreens.  Mom05204 will be on same time zone and coulf be at walmart at same time
Nearly every time I park at Walmart I come out and there's a lifted truck parked next to me...like why?!?!😂😂tall measuring or something?
Walmart my second home. lol
There's a heated verbal altercation ensuing in Walmart over someone bumping into another's cart so I'm definitely in Topeka
Why is there a live band in Walmart rn
cracking open a lukewarm liter bottle of soda that was one dollar at walmart in a borrowed high school classroom with the girls
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart Never heard of them
 CHICAGo_PAT Walmart have it. Buy one for yourself 🤷🏽‍♀️
Amber disappeared from my sight for two seconds and I got scared like a mom in Walmart.
I'm at a Walmart the same time  ThomasSanders is but he's three hours away... THOMAS COME TO TAMPA
Going to be stuck in Walmart for a while cause it's pouring rain and I am not about to walk out there 🙃
 CapricornGang Just got one today  Walmart
Order Buy Zestra local  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid… 
The  WhiteHouse has more turnover than a Walmart on payday.  imout  sorryimsick  whoareyouagain?
I liked a  YouTube video SNES Classic Pre-Orders Cancelled - Walmart Screwed Up Bad - AlphaOmegaSin
Shoplifter Dies in Struggle With Walmart LP   PrivateOfficerNews
So my local Walmart was basically selling what were fursuit heads, like tigers, pandas, lions, etc

I was dying the entire time lmao
Long just pulled Walmart bit again as plays with his pedi file hairy body with walkie and his incest cousin daughter
FACT: 
Trump administration has a higher turnover rate than your local Walmart. 

Reince Priebus
Look at what I found hanging out in best sellers in Walmart... none other than  kirstin!!!!  LOVEEP 
A Pokemon Fan greeted Walmart's K.K Slider Nintendo™ amiibo at their house
Me: "well where are we going?" 
Court: "Walmart" 
Me: "slow down. I gotta get myself together."
Court: "no you don't. It's Walmart...?"
Just realized how drunk I am in the bathroom of Walmart at 6:45pm so yeah I think I'm back on my bullshit
I buy graphic tees from Walmart and got mo swag than a lot of you foolheads Dnt b stupid Stupid nigha 😂😂🤷🏾‍♂️
walmart mac n cheese gets a 6/10
Part 2. So I'm at Whole Foods they charge ppl 2  more for this juice I bought cheaper in Walmart… 
free girls of walmart porn lara croft tomb raider sexy 
The Walmart Neighborhood Markets really are the best!!!
 jacksonnlulu  RyanLenihan2  jessicasbrown Your mouth is fat you Walmart skank.
I LOVE THE WALMART IM IN, ITS SO ANIME
 NintendoAmerica Hopefully you guys produce more Switches soon,my local Walmart hasn't had anything in for weeks.
totally ambushed a girl at Walmart so I could pet her French bulldog puppy that was in her cart. 😂
 siftyboones What's with the pink WalMart ball?
Is it code for slimy perversion known only by members?
Wait, I don't want to know.
Hire some fucking Cashier's Walmart! The 2 cashiers yall got working are having a hard ass time checking all these ppl out. Give em break
 SCOTSANGEL1  MagsWhelan1  EyeSore00  DrMartyFox  BrianCraigShow Well alrighty then. BTW can your nurses afford to go to Walmart? Lol
I need to go to Walmart for thirty minutes. I'm having baby fever. This shit needs to go away. 🙄
 gyoGUTS OH DAMN I didn't even think of that uhHHHH Walmart miiiight?? ??? I feel like I might've seen them in thei… 
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart I'd love being blocked 💕
I saw Katie 2 days ago and I just saw her in Walmart and we hugged like we haven't seen each other in years if that doesn't describe us 😂
Digitalclik.it - The best Walmart Black Friday deals 2017: Rollback prices listed 
Camp Chef Double Beer Can Chicken Holder for  6 + pickup at Walmart
http:
freee porno clips naked girl in walmart free video 
 jerikaaaalolz ITS ALL ABOUT THE MONEY MONEY MONEY! They don't wanna go to Walmart 😂
Walmart have so many good benefits 😩💪🏾🤑
mom: get ready we're going shopping
me: ooh yay where?
mom: walmart 🙃
then said he saw me at walmart last night like LOL WTF
 corbynbesson What is walmart?
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart i hear that Twenty One Pilots is better
Now my Dad is doing fucking parkour through walmart. You're 45 years old, please drink your ovaltine and go to bed
Kid praying in front of missing persons board at Walmart. Beautiful. 
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart now listen here motherfucker.

everyone is entitled to their own opinions.

but yours is incorrect.
 carlienicoleyl This is Wally, we don't know what he is because we found him at Walmart. 
Then get upset at fans for not agreeing with your approach. If you wanna simply do "woke" music das COOL but peddle it to Walmart not da 💒
bruh i think they shooting at walmart on panola again lol
 Unboxing my first  Walmart beauty box!  WalmartBeautyBox 
lmao i hate coming to walmart alone
It's tax free weekend so Walmart is an absolute zoo
 tarantinxo Nigga is this Walmart?!
Lmao someone called the cops on Walmart for a gas leak and it was just the trash compactor  queentucky
 prismkyla  Iovepaintsus walmart owns asda so
 allaboutnik_ I work at Walmart lol I know all about the sales.
 grants  funds Walmart Foundation Grants  500000 to UNCF to Strengthen Historically Black Colleges and ... bit…
Roll back at walmart  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart 
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart ugh ikr, 21 pilates are the absolute worst 😪👏
 Walmart tilapia processor launches range for the Chinese market |  seafood  tilapia… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Guayama, PR 
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart omg all my friends are steak and cheese take it slow
The Parent’s Choice Formula Feeding Time Summer 2017 Sweepstakes 
Walmart parking lot is too stressful
I hate how theres always weird ass ppl at walmart
 jakehyslop Come to the US, go into a Walmart store, and behold. It'll make flip flops off the beach look like high fashion 😂
 NewRetroGeneral Dawg Im so mad. I ordered one but won't get here till Tues. I went to Walmart shit was fuckin 25 b… 
 JanWills3  MagsWhelan1  EyeSore00  DrMartyFox  BrianCraigShow Our Nurses do not go to walmart with their scrubs on… 
WALMART... TAMPA BoeingY IS NOWHERE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO... 
Why is it so many people gotta slug into a Walmart and ride the cripple/fatass carts. But wrinkle a Twinkie wrapper and the can turbo run???
I love Cha'Von ❤️😩 that's one thing I loved about working at Walmart. I met so many young adults that's on something 🙌🏾
Three Somali Women Have Forgiven The Woman Who Threatened Them In A Viral Video 
I left my pop in the cart at Walmart 😡
 AlexisAhakuelo Zote soap from Walmart it's less than  1
Im simultaneously wanting walmart to call and nervous about what happens when they call
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart Dear lord please block me |-/
 PAAngritt  ShannonStarr88  BrendaLalonde7  CanadianNooner  MalenfantOz  Heartseasefarm  BadBoneshaker  jk_rowling… 
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart omg relate
Unbeleivable Woman threatens to kill group of Muslims outside a Walmart; later reconciles with them- she told us... 
I liked a  YouTube video 10 Strange Walmart Gifts!
your wcw still walks around walmart bouncing the ball, she 20.
 hannah_price07 Walmart!
Vox Sentences: More immigrants are attempting deadly crossings into the US 
I couldn't find the family from yesterday at walmart but we drove oast a pregnant women and her husband i think? And told them we dont have
You call these croutons  Walmart ?🤔 more like CruCrumbs  WalmartFails 
walmart naked massive teen porn 
SUMMER VLOG | SHOPPING AT WALMART, GOING VEGETARIAN????, OPENING A BoeingNK ACCOUNT: via  YouTube
Gunna have to be when I ain't so broke or they getting a Walmart makeup tutorial.
lmaooo fr the city didn't know what they were thinking when they made the Walmart parking lot, it's a mess. 😂
not in walmart by choice rn but they're playing the cure in here ...
I get some of my clothes from Walmart & I have some friends who judge me for that lol
I come offline for AN HOUR while at Walmart and damn if I don't miss another Trump staffer getting punted.
👀  that, all those middle class barely making it paycheck 2 paycheck 2 live, and are even doing the free picture th… 
when i look like a sick fuck and a walmart employee still flirts w me lmao
lovesong by the cure came on in walmart and now I'm in a daze
Gucci vs. Walmart 
A guy just yelled   Walmart employees face saying "you fucking embarrassed my wife!! your not getting away with it!!" I need a man like dat
 Walmart  walmarthelp Tried a Marketside Medium Cheese, Apprently they have a cookable baking sheet that competely… 
Walmart will have a bunch more Baxter pops online! They just got more in their warehouse. 
Pic… 
To the Walmart People-Watchers Who Gawk at My Weight  Walmart  PeopleWatchers  Gawk  Weight  empathy  chronicpain
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart i have the same problem!! it's so annoying
 influenster  contest  olayatwalmart bought this product from Walmart!! Makes my skin soo soft and smells great! 
Walmart is really selling hopeless faghag kingdom and not lust for life.... I guess it's a clientele thing
Reuters: Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike 
Walmart Cancels SNES Classic Preorders, Shrugs 
Italo's new Sea Salt packaging!  amazon  walmart  wholefoods  italia  italian  italosgourmet… 
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart ugh ikr. i hate that one blurryface song.
Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike Reuters
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart 21 pirates are garbage.  BlurryHeathenz isn't even a good song 😤
100% impulse bought these from walmart 
 Walmart Kibble 'n Bits Dog Food Savory Beef & Chicken Flavors Original 16.0 LB  9.98 
I will hate peoples that shop at Walmart they r the most stupid on earth
I bought a "spicy salad" from Walmart and it had hot Cheetos in it for the "spiciness." 😂
And I didn't get thrown out of Walmart. So, good times! 5/fin
 kturan321  bunnyrabbitdach  prettyred52  Penny_Potato  jeademan  JakeandJack1  Joschathedachs  RaisinboyJelly… 
I put chinese food in a walmart bag and ate it out of my hoodie pocket when I saw La La Land with  _Maren_Lloyd_ 
 Fr3derick82 I want to say try Walmart and keep this going. Lol
 hitandrun7 That is what I like to call smart shopping!! -Jazz
Never again coming to Walmart. I waste too much 😂😂
Whetstone Cutlery Double Duece 22" Machete for  11 + pickup at Walmart
http:
Ole dude at Walmart was a straight creep 😂 broke his damn neck 🙄
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lawrenceville, GA 
Waited til last minute and now all the good nail places are closed. The only place that's open is the one in Walmart. HELP.
Can't wait till I'm in Huntington and have friends to go on Walmart runs with me 😂
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart I wish the radio would stop playing that All my friends are heaters song UGHH😤😤😤😤
I had a lady in Walmart tell me my children were so beautiful. &then looked at Buddy &said something like "good for you for stepping up"
. Walmart, your website is a fucking nightmare!
are y'all really arguing over going to walmart or meijer 
 _miyathabest We had you some 98 cents pies from Walmart
Looks like this guy will be a great addition to the Walmart team 
 ohhjishwa  DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart She blocked me😂 
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart omg no kidding I h8 tht song Stretched out 😞😞😞😞😞😞😞😞😞😞😞
PSA FOR MOMS & PEOPLE WHO LOVE KIDS: Walmart has almost every toy marked down to  4- 10. Even princess castles and boys tractor toys. GOGOGO
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart They're trash
My dad just went ape shit on my mom because she told him she was going to Walmart 3 times before she actually walked out the door😂😂😂
asiendo el sexo playboys women of walmart pictorial 
I need to go get something to eat, or I just need to go to Walmart 🤔
 ASimendinger  morrislaw Source - my cousin's uncle's great aunt Gertrude heard it from a cashier at Walmart.
ima watch this walmart version of jeniffer's body and take a bomb ass nap👄
 chee_kahh Shoppers drug mart or Walmart ?
Guess who's applying at Walmart 😂😂 
I am a little bit mad because I can't buy the Nerf Rival Apollo at Walmart I got to wit until This WEEK Saturday!
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart Twenty One Pilots*
 yak_face  Another Walmart clearance deal, Star Wars Sphero BB-8 for  64 
 Walmart  DougMcMillon u guys encourage cust to use  walmartpay but employees R NOT trained nd cust svcs ppl R rude  walmart2106 Vicki
 ohhjishwa  DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart True.
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart 21 pilots suck. Twenty one pilots are much better. You should check them out instead!
I'm at Walmart -  mundowalmart in Londrina, PR 
I just picked my nose in Walmart. I basically can't be tamed.
At Walmart,  400 and 6 hours will make that shoplifting charge go away - Indianapolis Star 
At Walmart.
Huggies Little Swimmers- As low as  5 at Walmart and Walgreens! 
They really only be having 5 registers open at a time at Walmart on purpose
 chlveann Walmart
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart ugh 21 pilots is trash I hate Taylor Joseph😫😫😫 1!!1!!!1
this walmart line is taking FOREVER as per yooj.
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart God I fucking hate 21p
 malenaleia im about to cry in walmart jesus !!
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart shit band am I right 😖😫
 GamingLil  DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart Theres no point botherinf, the girl doesnt care
I am at walmart on miller lane and i am terrified WOW everyone here looks like they are on meth
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart i know right ugh 😰
Just had the biggest fail today at Walmart 🤦🏻‍♀️😂
Dear lady picking your nose at Walmart and then touching the buggy and then putting your hand in your mouth and... 
They literally sell mini walmart shopping carts at walmart... 
 LivePD Crazy WalMart lady!! 
aolani really had me looking like a scrub at Walmart just to get chamoy 😂🤕
 Walmart Get the fuck away from me 
 1280Spence  GordonMonson. Coming strong with the Walmart blast!
Went to Walmart and brought back a friend and a girl. 
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart man that band is awful
 DeadEyeDraw  Walmart I know right 😫
Rachael Ray 2-Piece Lazy Spoon and Ladle Set for  10 + pickup at Walmart
http:
 vitaminwater Why can't I get a case of Vitamin water at  walmart or even more flavors -6pks choice?! 
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart Twenty one pilots*
Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike Reuters 
 DeadEyeDraw  cliquecircle  Walmart smh that band is such trash
At Walmart: via  YouTube
 realDonaldTrump More people going in and out of your administration than  walmart Maybe its time to look at the he… 
 lbabinz I was looking at it at Walmart today, luckily for my wallet I was never a fan. Although I was never a fan… 
Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike  klout  maga
Walmart  FamilyMobile's coverage got BETTER - powered by T-Mobile's nationwide 4G LTE Network.… 
UPDATE: I just seen him at Walmart 😂😂😂
I always get the fucked up cart when I go to Walmart.
playboys women of walmart pictorial angelina jolie nude sex video 
 CLIPSSHOE Gonzales Walmart. 😁
 foodandwine I blame Walmart 
Can I be in the vid/ can you go in walmart and yell something stupid about tenser no offense tenser  asknudah
Thanks DJT--You made this OK. Your Supporter Threatens others “We’re going to kill every one of you f***ing Muslims” 
WHY DOES NOBODY AT WALMART KNOW HOW TO FUCKING DRIVE.
Chanel vs Walmart 
REUTERS: Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike 
Commissioner Darline B. Riggs, in partnership with
Walmart and 99Jamz, presents
Back to School FREE Bookbag Giveawa… 
Not that Walmart , it's ski 
 meIodramaswift thank you I love walmart
 Walmart working here already sucks enough, please stop playing 21 pilots on Walmart radio.
REUTERS reports Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike 
This is the future of  retail shopping   
It's funny self checkouts at Walmart say thank you because you know the employees won't 😂😂😂
Image from ToyWatch PLASTERAMIC STONES WHITE PCLS22WH - 
nude girls of walmart tubes picture arabe girls fucking 
 Destiny2 PC specs and beta date revealed, Walmart cancels  SNESClassic pre-orders, and Duck Hunt in  Halo5 Forge: 
teen lesbian climax naked walmart employee 
Walmart, heat up omnichannel drive with new mainland shopping festival 
 DustinCanFly he honestly doesn't know why they think Walmart is bad. I bet he thought it was something with the wa… 
 cyannebliss you have a walmart personality though
I pretty much agree with a lot of what  TheBoDallas thinks. And agree, not much to do but I hear Walmart on 41/50 is fun!
⏰ WalMart is in CLEARANCE OVERDRIVE! ⏰

Not just in stores, but look at these CLEARANCE WalMart deals we found... 
Every week now there's something wrong with my  Walmart grocery pickup order. Told so many it was so great but now… 
I miss my little sm I really hope she doesn't fucking die in Walmart
 thechimchar  MandJTVPokevids Walmart.  I've seen it there
 Breaking_News (GamesBeat weekly roundup: Walmart’s Switch debacle, and PUBG has its first ...) -… 
 DaveWeasel Banned from Walmart...killed in a meth explosion. Tell me, what else you have accomplished.
Walmart is really testing my patience today
 kaylanhanks Literally same but I’m too broke so Walmart will do
Our random searching daily turned up "women having sex at Walmart." 1) No. 2) Why? 3) Where? 4) Again no. 5) Supplies are close. 6) No
The only public bathrooms I trust is chic fil a. Sometimes wawa & Walmart but they're hit or miss
Plus we went to Walmart and Danny started shopping for clothes for Leo instead of for himself 😊
What did I do to deserve having to come to the Hartford Walmart
I'm at Walmart in Honolulu, HI 
Jl 28 2017Troy 8 mos kitten Ramsey Street Fayetteville, NC across from Walmart. Republican Rd apt. Ashe 12 mos old… 
I'm at  Walmart in Union City, CA 
No Internet at my place currently. Using WiFi from a Walmart bathroom
i love the walmart clearance section i got these both for like 8  
 Walmart you should play BTS on the radio show
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter Liquor Store with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 DustinCanFly Totally. Companies in general aren't your friends. Amazon ain't too far from a Walmart.
 MacKenzie_Rowan And then we went into Walmart & that one mom grabbed her kids & made them go to a diff. aisle lmao
 20 Walmart Bivy Tent: Any Good?? (Part 1: First Look/Inspection) – Preparedmind101 
 heyimhugo I saw that keyboard at walmart but i didnt like how it felt compared to red/brown mech switches. Some pretty juicy specs though 👀
Jordan & Anakin walmart this am  wrtfdfire Anakin loves firetrucks!! 
I am so impressed with how much Walmart has improved with their variety of makeup for black women skin tones ✨
 why abortion is immoral swot of walmart
Been Walmart damn near a hour
 GamerChronic Just stay safe and make sure not go to Walmart while there is a typhoon :P
Michael Carter Fayetteville, North Carolina Ramsey Street apt, Republican Rd across from Walmart 
 6OOFYS Why the fuck does ur plug put the shit in a Walmart bag wtf lol
INGLÉS
If you're in  walmart, be sure to pick up some  olay body wash on  rollback.  influenster  contest… 
wearing my reborn by fate shirt to walmart 😛
I spent around 2 hours shopping at Walmart & I bet you anything i at least forgot to get something I went for 😂
 taylor_crossman Nellie goes the vet across from Coshocton Walmart, I like it there!
honestly never stepping foot in walmart ever again
i don't have to go to college anymore!!!!! thanks walmart!!! 
 say_court lol morning/mid day shift is what I'm talking about. Maybe it's just my Walmart 🤔
Went to Walmart to get valve caps..... came out with valve caps and a  marissa_meyer book..... 🤷🏻‍♀️ bookproblems… 
girls of walmart porn movie hidden cam sex vid 
Shenanigans at Walmart with my better half  MaggieAlford88 
 amcornett Oh my, that is frustrating & I'm so sorry for the inconvenience. Can you share at… 
 cosmikirsten i saw a kid with a markiplier hat at walmart once and it made my day
 Walmart Brownsburg IN did LOF on 2015 GMC, leaking oil, took back, they said everything is right Wrong!!! Its leaking oil.NVR Again.
Walmart Eyes Its Own Version Of The Dash Button  chriskern67  Walmart 
 jcruzalvarez26 Just seemed odd that they poo poo'ed walmart, but almost all big companies we consume products from… 
Image from ToyWatch Fluo Small Black ME25SL - 
Image from Psycho Bunny Mens Classic Red Black Watch PB1001BLKR- 
Image from Psycho Bunny Wood Wristwatch PB3005BLK- 
Bet you'd never guess I only have one cat.... As I'm buying 3 different types of cat food at Walmart. What? She's picky.   crazycatmom
 prettyxtori  minii____ it's a pill that work fast like a mf, they got them at walmart, it's not really a pill, it'… 
Oh, what a country we live in that things like this exist.  merica  walmart 
I heard  twentyonepilots, ride, playing at a Walmart today. I was disappointed because the second I walk in Walmart I get stressed out  top
bonus!: the Official™ Sadboy™ hoodie (green) from walmart :-)
Can you imagine if all the registers were open at Walmart.
Go back to bein Walmart Rihanna 
 Walmart 🤔Wow...so it's up to me to do your job? If you won't respect the flag and all who died for it, then you ha… 
When the lady in Walmart thinks your sister is older than you...again.🙈😭  haley_bynum
When you see the guy you always end up dancing with at Effex at Walmart.. 😂😂 WHY GOD.
Get amazing summer rewards when you buy Dr Pepper at Walmart, now through 8/15.  PickYourPepper  ad 
hell nah i know i aint just walk past this bitch in walmart and sniffed my nose & she gone say “ew” bitch you’re ew w yo dusty ass head wrap
 ToddSkorupa Walmart probably next to the gardettos
Head to Walmart to get milk , food giant had me fucked up with that  19 can of milk 🤦🏽‍♀️ I'm already about to spend about  30 for two
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
fun fact: bunnies are not allowed in walmart
There's a twitter called "Meanwhile at WalMart"😂😂
 jcruzalvarez26 I don't like Walmart as much as the next guy, but I do find issue about thinking that some big comp… 
Vote for your favourite find for a chance to win a  1,000 Walmart gift card I voted for Marine-Inspired Tea Towels.
Gulf Coast United 06' Girls Car wash at Shoe Dept in front of Walmart from 5-8. Donations  soccor 
Walmart be busy 24/7. Ain't no such thing as a "slow day" 😒
u ever facetime ur bf w ur family at walmart
Jackson got to meet Optimus Prime at Walmart today.  TRANSFORMERS 
Was so excited to get home & forgot to go to Walmart and get more water 🤦🏾‍♀️
I got cool pants from Walmart for like ten dollars today 
Going to Walmart makes me so happy
 AbigailMauMau Sis - Walmart is really driving me crazy lol
Man Loses 330 Pounds By Walking to Walmart Daily via  YouTube
Walmart Foundation Grants  500000 to UNCF to Strengthen Historically Black Colleges and ... 
 nickimaccc Or Walmart
 EastmanTyler Dude I found spaceballs for  3 at Walmart. It's fucking lit there
what's the uk equivalent of walmart
Guess I'll gone go to Walmart
Walmart fails on Nintendo presale in hopes of boosting love of Amazon.  marcericlore  makeitright? 
 IHopeMyLastWordsAreNot Hello welcome to Walmart.
Mix Up Summer Snacking With New Yoplait Mix-Ins at  Walmart  CreamyCrunchyYoplait  YoplaitMixIns  ad… 
see me in walmart leave me alone !!
i used to do this shit at walmart & HEB.. nice lil 5-10 min break 😸🤳🏾 
 sassofSehunsass Walmart has them too, also Barnes and nobles and Kmart
 ItsGabeHarvey Hey I'm walking around Walmart
 Taviface lol no one is gonna care at Walmart unless they are being disruptive and doing it for multiple nights
Don't sleep on the wings from the Walmart deli
Walmart in Farmville giving Walmart in Winchester a run for it's money in the sketchy department
courtney black naked girls of walmart nude 
 ponfarr4lovers Michael's! And Walmart. Amazon's are at least  4 more pricey.
HOT General Mills Deal!!! Cereals For Just  0.59 At Walmart!!! 
My mom went to Walmart earlier & she ft me bc she needed help picking out a foundation color 😂 Perks of having a da… 
Olay smells great, cleanses and locks in moisture. Find it on Roll Back at your local  Walmart.  influenster… 
 livelovemykah I think she got it off Amazon Prime. lol I know they are in Walmart, like the big ones; the neighborhood Walmarts lol.
bcalabroulman  revolverpicco look what I saw on sale at Walmart today 
do you use Secret deodorant. the freshest feeling and long lasting. get it at walmart.  Influenster,  SecretAtWalmart and  contest
Going to Walmart to buy 2 things... let's see how it goes.
Walmart Yearns for More Cheap Products From China to Boost Online Sales - 
I liked a  YouTube video I saw a big truck on fire in Walmart parking lot ( story time)
I still need to make a Walmart run 😬
 Dannerkinsupdates T^T shipping is delayed until Walmart restocks envelopes
I will forever hate the cc Walmart parking lot
Why are there so many different layouts for Walmart??? There's like 5 in this area and I get confused and feel like I'm in the Twilight Zone
 aIonelynight  shanedawson LANODJAHSS when you said fema camps i thought of him and the walmart theory
Be awesome & share this: Why Is Walmart Trying To Make The ‘Crotilla’ The New Cronut? 
Ran into this guy at Walmart 😂 
porn tvs girls of walmart 
This Walmart I'm at right now 😑🤦🏻‍♀️
Dan's Walmart talk on the beastcast just made my fucking blood boil.
Human defecation units in this  Walmart would not be fit for a bird of prey.
The  realDonaldTrump administration has more turnover than a WalMart.  ReinceOut  ReincePriebus
Facebook is the Walmart of social media. 
Then MySpace is what? The Blockbuster? KMart? 🤔
Walmart people ! 
Hope "somebody" leaves their kid(s) in the car while  Walmart 
 youngbull925 Don't let Walmart see this tweet or you won't have a job they're greedy
I come from them Harding Apartments trying get my crib as big as Walmart  facts
 ThomasSanders I saw this announcement, turned my car around to go to the nearest walmart, bought an iTunes card, b… 
sex with women of walmart skinny nudes pornpics 
the really bad news was it turns out they wanted to charge me money....like 5.99 a minute. The walmart people won't… 
I knowingly went to Walmart on the start of "no sales tax" weekend before the start of school. I have no one to blame but myself
 pleasedtomeetya the last walmart rep I spoke to implied that they're still trying to figure out what to do about t… 
black squirter walmart porn 
 raymondc11 Thanks for the update, Raymond. Please share your concerns with us at  so that… 
Im about to start shopping at Target more. You all are ridiculous with these lines & customer service  walmarthelp  Walmart
 omegatron3000 I think that’s pv inn lol pvG I’m not sure what it looks like. All off campus is full even over behind Hempstead Walmart?
Walmart wings 🐐
At my real home!😂💙  Walmart 
Walmart gives me anxiety
help i'm lost at sea (Walmart)
I swear America is turning into Walmart at 2am
People actually graduate from Walmart? Lol
 garyowencomedy 😂😂😂It's like when ppl say 'the walmart' or 'shrimps'. Name your next special 'Owen. No 'S'' (then send me a check;))
"The world of food is entering a new era, as startups make meat without animals, mayo without eggs and wine... 
when people claim they love their animals but they have no flea meds, no shots, leave them outside in 100°, and their foods from walmart
free videos of women having sex at walmart www hot sexy t girl sex 
I have thee biggest love hate relationship with Walmart.
sexy teen sucking cock teens naked in walmart 
Caleb- "Umm Sir where is your john at?" 
Walmart worker "my john?"
Caleb- "Yeah your john you know, the bathroom."
😂😂😂
3% off Walmart gift cards ! thats adding to the bottom line...hit me up if you want it
Amazon Bought Whole Foods Because It Eats Data - Amazon could know what every customer buys and looks at
 
My brother yells out at Walmart "HEY MOM DO YOU NEED ANY LADY STICKS" I literally cannot deal with him .
She's lucky cause I was about to knock on that window and show her what a Starke County bread hillbilly can do in a Walmart parking lot...
 JenniferrPerezz He's at Walmart ask him for one lol
 IHopeMyLastWordsAreNot "Shoot, I forgot something. I need to go back to Walmart."
 peachoveraIls it's from walmart! i have one too
ANNA NO ONE CARES ABOUT WALMART SEVENTEEN!!
joeimel: Report of a disturbance, a customer pinned a  Walmart greeter up against a wall on Walton Ave.
One of the interns had never been to Walmart before she came here... how do you go 25 years without going to Walmart?!
guys what should stickertrash walmart the gungan wizard's arcane focus item be
How you ashy in Walmart? Nigga they got a whole section of lotion. If you don't go "try" some lotion on
either walmart/kroger ? the name of the store i guess 
Almost started crying at Walmart because I grabbed a box of paper and it broke. The paper went everywhere. What a sick joke.
Enter to win a  50  walmart gift card  giveaway  contest  freethings  gumdrop 
I find my favorite Secret at Walmart! Smells great and lasts long!  Influenster  SecretAtWalmart  contest 
Young Walmart cashier's act of kindness leaves foster parent in tears 
Ya need to see Kiana in Walmart on the electric cart😂😂😂‼️
*Goes into walmart for windshield wipers
*Walks out with fishing lures and a chocolate milk
Related.. I went to a Walmart I do not usually go to and it was horrible.. glad I had my earbuds in..
This girl at Walmart was walking down the middle of the aisle. Her boyfriend sees us and pushes her to the side...
The line   Walmart right now is unreal
Majik Over the Door Double Basketball Video game for  8 + pickup at Walmart – CNET 
Who wants to take me to Walmart?
I'm at Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in Sudbury, ON 
 Walmart can you tell me about my shipment and why it has not move yet? shipped via  FedEx
Seriously! Can't believe Walmart is so NOT smart!' 
 JONAHMARAISZ  whydontwemusic I've only had bad experiences at Walmart 😂
 Walmart still waiting on a store pickup notification for a large item ordered last week, due today, but tracking hasn't updated since 22nd
I don't judge y'all; so, don't sit up there and judge me.🤣I was singin' this in Walmart yesterday: They said. I bet… 
I'm getting bangs again so I can be the Walmart version of zooey deschanel/manic pixie girl heeheheheh
i can eat garbaeg but not at walmart that just lays on the floor
Right Guard Xtreme Fresh Energy Antiperspirant, 4.0 oz
Category: Below  5, Walmart

Star Wars The Black Series - 3.75 Walmart Exclusives Lot 9 Figures Unopened AFA  StarWars 
The main entrance to the new Walmart Shopping Center you DON'T have a stop sign DON'T STOP make a damn left or right
 Irishlad14 Everyday is a good day to avoid shopping at Walmart.
Hey Walmart you ain't gonna win the online war with this kind of performance against Amazon. 
 SNESClassic 

I just saw a woman purchasing only cat food and canned green beans at Walmart
Report of a disturbance, a customer pinned a  Walmart greeter up against a wall on Walton Ave.
 Whydontwefan9  whydontwemusic I like Walmart better than target😂😂😭
AZO Urinary Pain Relief Just  0.97 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** AZO Urinary Pain ... 
Got a new basketball & the lady at Walmart ringing it up put it to the side & apologized saying she didn't know how that had got in my cart
Thanks  Walmart for my baby's birthday cake!  erikastore285 
Walmart is closed why do i still have to be here 😩
 ktlamb333 and you were concerned how much you spent at Walmart. 
I bought a switch today. Got the last one at my walmart. They only got three in their shipment and their shipment was two hours ago.
 Hyqra honestly, i get the same experience from GFuel as I do from Energy Water Bottle mix-ins from WalMart. Its th… 
Went to Walmart had to buy them.  RIPChester !  linkinpark  LPLive  LPAssociation  ChesterBe  ChesterBNetwork… 
Police blotter from July 25, 26  walmart  shoplifting
If you hang out at Walmart at one in the morning look into the camera and say "hi I'm _____ and I'm white trash" 
At work, at home, driving, doing my makeup, in Walmart, shopping.... 
WalmStar Wars Smart R2-D2 Walmart Exclusive  34.99 (Reg  99.00) via Fabulessly Frugal - Calling ... 
 cvspharmacy Belleville really one hour . Drive through. What's the hold up? We're going to  Walmart
NEW | F17026535 | MEDICAL | Loc: 600 Block UPPER JAMES ST HAM   PRIVATE RD/WEMBLEY RD /CN: WALMART | Units: R4 | 7/28/17 18:03
 PrincessKiri30  BabesPromo2  aka_teemoney38  semodudelives  FapOrigins  Jimfisher22  Tees_Babes  slutopedia… 
I just tried to look up  whydontwemusic on the electronics at Walmart and it's so true. Walmart wifi sucks.  walmartwifi
the people who just walk around Buc-ees like it's Walmart really stress me out
one time i hit someones car in a walmart parking lot and drove away
I know you've seen her working at Walmart HRB- the black version of Fat Amy.
I have never seen senatobia walmart so packed
Walmart donated a  100,000 grant today to the East Texas Food Bank of Tyler.  The grant will support the food... 
 Dopee_Ivoryy girl Walmart it was like  4 or  5 dollars
Walmart is only playing one direction songs. Not complaining tho
AND SOME OF THE WOMENS HEALTH FLORA PROBIOTICS ARE FUCKING 30 DOLLARS AT WALMART
going to a walmart not in your city and the store is flipped around 
A real nigga going start ordering big from Walmart cus these stores down here taxing ppl way to friggin heavy
 TheGameClones  Walmart lets have an oreo dippin party with some clorox my dude
Bella the weak beige bear from Walmart,
 vannahx0 bro I think he was I think his shit was just on shrimp.. gotta be if he busting on ransoms in Walmart
 newtgingrich Or a WalMart greeter. The one nobody ever says hello back to. Or, he could become another one of your… 
Only in Walmart do I get to listen to the person in front of me talk about his arrest when he skipped naked through a Walmart in Alabama
Switch at Walmart right now. Someone here was super happy to find it. I'd get one if I didn't drop a bunch of money… 
 bakyuno There's a weird thing that vloggers like to do where they try to stay over night in secret at stores. Walm… 
I gotta go to Walmart again if I plan on cooking tomorrow 😩🤗
because walmart is killing me
If you pre-ordered the  SNESClassic through Walmart, we have some bad news: 
I'm at Walmart lookin all these bad ass kids mommas
the embarrassment I felt when I went to return a pot at Walmart and the cashier just looked at me and said "hun this is from shoprite." 💔
I am that guy that sits on the bench in the front of Walmart
[ paris hilton voice ] What Is Walmart? Do They Sell Wall Stuff There? 
Only  0.56 American Beauty Pasta    Walmart! - 
 PublixHelps Luckily, Walmart carries them.
The Day I Quit Walmart Im Snapping On EVERYBODY 😂😂💯
Ozark Trail Quad Table for  12 + pickup at Walmart 
Walk out of Walmart and there's an eaten chicken wing on the ground.. Only in Leesburg
My mom tried to organize the carts at Walmart, but ended up running after them because she pushed a whole row in the middle of the lot 😂
 basedinfidel8  Els07051428  meshell5683  NEWillumiNAUGHT  mrtylerjohansen  JohnsonFree1  karmasense  schwabre… 
So annoyed that I just learned of the clear bag policy did NightBEAT today. So far no luck at Walmart.
 emptywheel  maggieNYT They couldn't repeal Obamacare. Walmart and Amazon don't actually want their workers dropping dead. It's disruptive.
 JulieDiCaro  kkossick  Scaramucci I don't know. People at Walmart are allowed to go into the "Employee's Only" area, and I can't... 🤔
MARVEL LEGENDS HUMAN TORCH 6" ACTION FIGURE VARIANT FROM ARES BoeingF SERIES WALMART 
 LimitedRunJosh i was going to send you some red velvet flavor but it sold out from Walmart in one day lol. i got y… 
 Nathangr23  BoeingMFBreakers  Harrisonvogel1 Wait a Walmart blaster is  20 for you?! Is that CAD?
 Walmart Out the box and damaged. Neat! 
 lisafedup  jimary59  RyanAFournier What a bunch of dumb red neck white trash! Finish shopping at Walmart, go home… 
WalMart Coupon Codes . . . 
 svtcheolchatbot I love Walmart
Re applied to Walmart
Me and Sha went into Walmart looking like a bunch of hobos 
 wh0cxres_ walmart in the 99% off section xx
& not only did my Sonic suck but imma bout to go in Walmart, looked in the mirror, & my eyebrows look like they haven't be tweezed in years😃
 AngieInHeels That was probably the least strange thing that happened to you at Walmart
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist SHE ALMOST DIED IN WALMART
 jazzycrayon I got it at Walmart!  9. I'm getting my hair cut on Tuesday and my barber shapes my eyebrows 😂 can't wait to try it again then
Commissioner Darline B. Riggs, in partnership with Walmart and 99Jamz , presents Back to School FREE Bookbag Giveaw… 
Cons of working at Walmart: 
nude walmart girls amy smart nude crank 2 
 BrunoMars You rock the hell outta those Walmart socks! 😂
Cheap at Walmart: Ken's Salad Dressing, Schick and BIC Soleil Razors! 
they really wanted to go to walmart,,
Walmart has nothing but idiots working for them.
All I want to to switch providers!!!! Do  verizonfios and  Walmart use the same business plan? Take all employees away when it's busy?!?
 kiaspeaks Ashby before Walmart. Publix Ashby was another level lol
Lmfao 
 MeganofBlushie  mattdoveywriter  angryrobotbooks Walmart may very well carry them in the party goods section! At l… 
In Walmart parking lot wanting to do it for Lil Saint so bad.
This Walmart Is So Organized Sound Like They Running A Drill Team Over The Speaker😂
Things that make you go hmmmm ...

Opening of new Walmart could be delayed until 2018 via  HeraldMailNews
You know.. just taking pics in Walmart 💁🏼 
We just saw Austin Mahone in the Walmart in Hallandale and karina doesn't think it was him but it was
badgirls club nude sex in walmart 
why is walmart predicting it will take 5 days for one package to travel <100 miles, & 3 days to travel from michigan
I came out the crib to get sumn to eat & thanks to my ship I ended up at the movies & then Walmart
I just LOVE working at Walmart 
Can't find our soothing sinus spray at your favorite natural product store, no worries. You'll find us  Walmart 
 JambaJuice A7: Whenever I stop somewhere, like  Walmart or  Target, I park in the far back of the parking lot. I'm… 
 reifman  ShaunKing Every bern supporter i know uses fossil fuels and walmart
 _shyannehope  ohsoluxx 😂😂 yea my first encounter was in Walmart lmao
 jhthescammer Walmart always gets me horny
Walmart Xbox One Kinect Sensor  40.99

 Alta6650  BlackBlur14 I boycott Walmart, cause slave labor.
(And a million other reasons).
They boycott Target, ca… 
The first few weeks of school are a breeze with  Purell! They handle all 5 of mine  gotifree and it's available  Walmart!
A guy at Walmart was backing out and almost hit me..... On reflex I teep'd the side of his truck 😂 muaythai
As Seen on TV Copper Fit Wrist Sleeve - 
I am like a Walmart version of this model but the fact that I even look remotely like her has me blessed, she is Be… 
live naked woman latina girl shopping at walmart gets fucked 
Just told the lady at Walmart I love her as if I were hanging up a phone conversation with my mom. She did say she loved me back.
Cra-Z-Art Colored Pencil 12-Pack for 50 cents + pickup at Walmart - 
i just saw a cute dude at a walmart and stalked him for like 5 minutes by i have now lost him
The best volunteer!  lovemymom  fillthebus   Walmart Fort Smith -… 
Notion Amazon Causing Sluggish Retail Spending Is Nuts~AZ is Facing Same Problems as  Walmart  msnbc  wsj  cnn  nyt
When your friend posts a really hot tech guy at Walmart is wearing sweats and they're at his thighs so his ENTIRE ass is dead asf
 willnverbreakme Look it's cheap and cheap warranty. 
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God  tech
Men sooo trash lmfaooo nigga walked into walmart withh his hand on his lady's ass, sees me and snatches his hand from her mad quick 😭😭😭
Anyone know a good site where i can buy a refillable notebook? I looked at Office Depot, Staples, Walmart, Target already...THX
walmart teen sexy pics naked meena 
 Kylsome  samuelJayC  FahdPasha6  jibysmalls Man's should wait at  Walmart for a flipping  RollBack then *SMFH* 
Walmart Ad & Coupon Matchups 7/28-8/12 
A little girl just walked by me in Walmart and while looking at me whispered "Mom! Wow look she has really long hair!" 2 in. away from me😂
 Walmart great quality as always! 
 JohnKellyDHS  Reince45 Pick up your new uniform at Walmart. ROFLMAO!!!!!


These Are the Most Popular Drugstore Lipstick Shades Across America  get_lipstick
Does walmart try to put the slowest cashiers on the express lane.
 Justrelacks Walmart
I LITERALLY HATE WALMART. you cannot pay me to step one foot in there. Especially the chicopee one.
 rthompson1138  jarpad  JensenAckles Which one of these has a Walmart in the middle, cause that's the one you gotta watch out for.
Secret deodorant has great new scents available at Walmart! Last long and smell great!  influenster  contest  SecretAtWalmart
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Game of BIKE
at walmart a little boy blew a kiss at me and a woman almost hit me with her car (she only hit my cart)
Buy generic levitra from canada - Prices for levitra at walmart - The Island Connection Health CA
 baileyaddison_  DevinPaigee_97 I use all Walmart stuff 😂
"Is there a cussing jail?"  Being a loss prevention agent has to suck, but this guy sucks at his sucky job.

 jonsznz Us at walmart playing around in the kid section at 2 AM lol 
Firefly4893: 
A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God | 
To the man at walmart who told me to smile more: my resting bitch face and i hope you spontaneously combust
omg today I went to Walmart stoney and there was a giant m&m mascot giving out free m&ms and I was so happy
Kid's Crest Toothpaste  0.94 at Walmart!! 
 lilsimsie I was in a Walmart once and the power was out for 10 mins because of a storm 😭  gottaloveflorida
Just had a head on collision with another cart at Walmart. Totally my fault. Totally hilarious. Totally sleep deprived.
seeing all these little buckle bunnies at the fair rn with their brand new, knock off walmart "Ariats" is making me lol 😂🙄
I think I agree.  DICKS is to  Target as  Academy is to  Walmart 
Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike via /r/worldnews 
 OwenStiffler I need another pair. Walmart doesn't sell the  5 ones I wore in high school anymore.
 sushitrash i have 2 walmart gift cards hmu bb
I liked a  YouTube video CONDOM PRANK ON WALMART WORKER!! (GONE WRONG)
 DjChiszle can't eat no nachos off a walmart frisbee.
Already need to go to Walmart and I just left 🙄
fuck, i need to go to walmart for breakfast food 😩.. fuck it cfa in the morning it is lol.
moms making me go to Walmart but she's letting me get  30 of groceries to make up for it

SPICY SWEET CHILI DORITOS I'M COMIN FOR YA
Heading out now to Walmart so I can get my grocery shopping done. This is long overdue.  NowPlaying My Chemical Romance - Destroya.
 heathprct  MelissaEWright1  BrunoMars Hell, yea!  Nothing else to do!  Just put on my Walmart clogs and prop up my feet and wait!😏😏😏
 ItsTaylorShaw Academic year grom Walmart  4 
Considered returning to  ModCloth after they sold to Walmart. They canceled my entire SS. Welp. That sealed the deal.
The slums. (  Walmart) on  Yelp 
Ice cream sandwiches are the best from Kroger. Dont get them from Walmart.
What kind of Walmart doesn't sell engineering paper
Some old lady just told me in Walmart that I'm built good in Jesus' name. I was about to rush her for that compliment.
Want to Revive U.S. Manufacturing? Walmart has Some Suggestions via  ENGINEERINGcom
sexy funny clips nude girls in walmart 
Image from Psycho Bunny Mens Steel Bracelet Silver Watch PB3002SIL- 
 influenster  contest  olayatwalmart Check out the Olay Roll Back at Walmart! You will not be dissappointed! Their… 
Jk I'm not a creep but if I see you walking to Walmart im asking to sing with you and take a video  BrunoMars
Couldn't find heating pads at Walmart so asked the emp closest to me.. picked the only deaf one they had. How awkward..
there's a girl in Walmart with only a bra and shorts on 
i hate when people ask if i live at walmart on my day off....no bitch i need groceries
BOYCOTT WALMART 
30% OF POPULATION USA
BLACK OR MEXICAN 
SHOPS WALMART 
FUNDING ICE 
MICHAE… 
A look! Queen of tank tops tbh none of us could ever pull this off without looking like we just stepped out of a Wa… 
 TheeCrunch Go to Walmart at like 10pm when their shipments come in
This Mf Tryna Play A Game In Walmart😭  DJTRell 
 Mike__McKenna  Walmart  BowmanCards I found a few! 
 Walmart thanks for the heads up on those "back to college" sales 🤦‍♂️, oh and  P. S. 
We went to Walmart without a list and didn't come home with the whole store.
My room is about as organized as the Walmart  5 DVD bin.
Going on a family trip Sunday
Dad "Lauren can you please go to Walmart & buy a swim suit that covers your whole ass not just one cheek" 😂
New post (A Walmart cashier, a foster mom and the voice of God) has been published on Modern Survival Living -… 
So yall I lost my grandma in Walmart
I just realized that 3 hours ago I left a twenty dollar bill in a Walmart cash back area. FML
only west plains kids know Frank from Walmart 
Ozark Trail Quad Table for  12 + pickup at Walmart
http:
I. Hate. Walmart.
walking past underwear in a walmart parking lot isn't as surprising as i thought it would be but i hope whoever lost their undies is ok
Idk what I want to eat when I get off . Hopefully I make it to Walmart before they close .
First Data Launches Gift Card Storefront for Walmart's UK Retail Chain ASDA - 
shoutout to walmart for the posterr !!!! i'm in love , i thought all the pictures were going to come out blurry but they didn't😊♥️ rdyfortmr
Ppl of Walmart are fuxkin crazy. Just saw this lady watch her son spray febreeze into his mouth then she just looked away... oni su divljaci
i lose selina and get the joker in her place? what kinda chanel vs walmart situation... 
Walmart has like 7 out of 25 registers open & these lines are wrapped around!!!
I'm at Walmart in Campinas, SP 
I'm at  Walmart in West Haven, CT 
AZO Urinary Pain Relief Just  0.97 At Walmart! 
two more shifts at walmart and im done.
the amount of ugly stares i get at walmart for using a wheelchair.... like dude i may not look like i have nothing wrong with me but i +
South  HanoverPa Wal-Mart - Nintendo Switch in stock!  Walmart  Hanover 
Three Somali Women Have Forgiven The Woman Who Threatened Them In A Viral Video via  braddybb
When you get a thing of Pringles from Walmart only to find out that someone had opened them and ate half 🙄
 18_bubba Let it be known when I get home imma uhh head to Walmart buy chicken and get down in the kitchen bcs I ne… 
i look away for one second and i lose my mom at walmart
If you're gonna act like that, take your trashy ass to Walmart.
I know I need to go to Walmart but my bed is calling me rn
Order Buy Zestra here  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid… 
 lolitsmanal I mean it ain't that bad, it ain't walmart
i only go to Walmart w mom whenever she promises to make a pit stop at Lee's on the way home 😂😂 i love animals
My sister just had me so heated in Walmart omg 😂
 foodandwine Walmart.....
This how I butter up my girl right before I cheat on her with my side girl that work at Walmart. 
I'm at  Walmart Pharmacy in Mishawaka, IN 
people ain't got no money to wrap presents no more they puttin that junk in a Walmart bag LOL
I entered the  Go&GrowAtWalmart &  SheSpeaksUp giveaway for a Walmart gift card. 
Why does  Walmart have 28 lanes and only ever have 5 open?
So me and  Kayla_Jenkins2 learned today that we have to be 18 to buy sharpies from Walmart 😂
A I love Walmart 😂😂😂 I'm in here every single day
There's a Walmart right next to my new house so I guess I gotta prepare myself for all the dumb purchases I'm going to be making
When he said, "Iguana shop at  Walmart now," he meant it. 
If someone else calls Walmart the Walmart I'm gonna freak out 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Don't understand why target doesn't have a baking section like Walmart
I'm at  Walmart in White Plains, NY 
 itsrbaku AAAAA TY!!! I JUST NEED SOCKS FROM WALMART LMAO
 Meagan_Christa lowes has super cheap heavy duty boxes. Also Walmart gives their boxes away for free if you ask nicely
I GET CAUGHT LACKING IN EVERY FUCKIN WALMART FUCK WALMART.
 Its_Papas Haha for reals you can only count on Walmart lol
The  WalmartBeautyBox is  5 a box and you get 4 a year. It's a nice little surprise when they arrive.💛… 
Mad af I have to go all the way to Walmart.
 RobbyEpicsauce Go to Walmart and do the floor is lava😂😂
I actually go to Walmart to purchase cupcake m&m's?
 Taviface Vlogging at a Walmart? Just why
 joecarter I wish they had something like this for pastors...but all I can imagine as either a hotel concierge or WalMart greeter.
Went to Walmart for 3 things. Walked out spending over  100 😅🙃
 babysnitchery I know someone who can't even be bothered to take care of a Walmart bought goldfish & they wanna get a dog? OK...
It's sad when there are still New Year  celebrations signs at WalMart in Kentucky.
I was in Walmart with this older lady in front of me. Her food came up to about 300  but her card was... 
Admittedjy I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty .ure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Image from Psycho Bunny Mens Wood Bracelet Silver Watch PB3005SIL- 
On my mama its so many bad bitches work in this walmart in country club hills i just seen this one pretty hoe i a nut in twice omm 💯💯😩
Hollywood celebrities backing  ObamaCare and telling us how to live, how to vote, would faint dead away shopping at my Walmart at 11pm.
I ran into Angela at walmart and i was sweating so much ffff I hate Texas
 _CharMetria What if I actually wanna steal and yo ass keep yellin that ? Bitch Ima go to jail😂sike nah but we need… 
In this line at Walmart ... why is this baby giving me the death stare
Want to Revive US Manufacturing? Walmart has Some Suggestions - 
let me call walmart i forgot to refill my medicines lawd
These are the most popular drugstore lipstick shades across America: 
 DwayneO61 this what I was doing in Walmart 😂 
AZO Urinary Pain Relief Just  0.97 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  AZO  coupon  Coupons
Still need run to Walmart but still don't want to
My cousin work at Walmart & the bitch still stingy 🙄
A huge pet peeve is when Walmart is packed and they only have open 5 lanes
How did Champion clothes go from costing  5 at Walmart to  80 at Urban with no change in quality
If this is in the Galveston WalMart it is a perfect story 
Walmart.enough said 
Walmart also does this. 💖💖 
Nursing in the back of a dirty truck in the Walmart parking lot. Could I be any more white trash?
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Omg 10oz of M&M's is not a 'sharing size'  walmart
Walmart for sure lmao 
Why did someone try and set the Walmart in Eastwood on fire😂 The whole store basically shut down lol
I'm at  Walmart in Greendale, WI 
Thank you  Walmart for crushing my dreams and cancelling my SNES Classic preorder.  NintendoAmerica
ZITHRO. (  Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in New Westminster, BC) 
Full transcript: Recode Senior Commerce Editor Jason Del Rey on Too Embarrassed to Ask 
I feel like a rocket scientist every time I walk into Walmart lol
My uber driver, is dumb funny. Talking about "yeah HEB has all the fine girls man, compares to Walmart..you get an old lady"😂😵🙃😂 I'm OD'd😂
Crystal dead ass sent me a pic of an ostrich dick and then I ran into her at Walmart is this fate
"mom I'm going to Walmart to buy myself flowers"
 Finesse__King__ walmart adventures are fun with me. don't play 😂😂.
 bfcoach22  Walmart  BowmanCards Some Walmarts kind of focus on Pokémon cards, and don't sell many sports cards these days.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Clifton Park, NY 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Keto Meal Plan - All Grassfed Meats on a Budget!
 PRT  CarSeat  Go Go Babyz Infant Cruizer Travel All Car Seat Carrier 
The Trump administration has more turnover than fucking Walmart. So that's nice.  FailureFriday  MAGA
Team Awesome! 
 pulpmx  KKeefer120  Jason66Thomas guys you got your million dollar invention, banger buddies 29.99 at walmart put it on track records all
Aisle=found in Walmart.
Isle=found in the Pacific.
Watched my little cousins for a week n I got baby fever for like .5 seconds then saw a pregnant lady  walmart with 4 other kids and I'm good
Amazon Updates: Whole Foods, New Patents and Walmart Aggression  digitaltransformation 
S/O  Walmart for the customers appreciation gift with sandwiches & cake!!! 💙💛😍😘🤗
 EmpressCalico walmart actually! they have a really great selection. i think amazon is a good place too. oh, and wish
Shopping (  Walmart Supercenter in Morris, IL) 
Gods grace...
Congrats to the 2017  womenleaders in tech law 👏  SurveyMonkey  facebook  Walmart  wilsonsonsini  MoFoLLP  CooleyLLP
being in walmart makes me feel like i need a shower
Walmart workers dancing   Walmart Mililani 
When I go to Walmart at 12:01AM and realize they closed at 12:00AM 
At Walmart,  400 and 6 hours will make that shoplifting charge go away via  indystar
our current coastal cities vs red states divide, apps vs walmart, has pretty clear parallels.
I actually kinda like livin in FS now, we dont got uniforms anymore, we keep getting new food places and now walmart got self checkouts so 😛
I hope I get this job Monday 🤞🏽 cus walmart can kiss my whole ass if I do ☺️
chanel vs walmart ahre 
 walmart   purell  gotitfree go pick up your bottle of purell at your local Walmart!! Let's kick the germs to the curb.
ride is playing in this walmart wheres ashley  vinylqueen
 ItTakesSomethingSpecial for me to step foot in Walmart. Like a temporary loss of sanity or being smashed out of my… 
 whydontwemusic I'm at Walmart, currently looking for your follow backs. Hopefully Corbyn found what he needed whil… 
I need to go to Walmart but my stomach is really cutting up on me rn
Walmart u have
 g12_leyva Try this! I had really bad acne, started using this product and I've had three pimples in 4 months. It's… 
La'M from walmart 🤙🏽
 Salon probably not to shop at walmart if all possible
 MaureenSF You bet ... Amazon, Walmart~open the doors up to competition at each and every level of healthcare delivery. All of it.
 Walmart generates  3,000,000.00 in revenues every 7 minutes
Ugh Walmart is seriously pissing me off for not having what I'm looking for. I'm going to HEB.
Idk why tf I let Walmart touch my eyebrows 😫😫😫
 Mike__McKenna  batcavelv  Walmart  BowmanCards Super centers don't sell cards anymore, at least in my area. Theft… 
 bangtanbabe7  minmoonliight  BTS_twt This is not BTS related but i saw this at Walmart. 
The kids are heading back to school soon! Give them some morning encouragement --> 
 realDonaldTrump You fired someone in a tweet. Because u r a dick. And everyone who sees you thinks, HITLER ... eve… 
forgot that it was tax free weekend and made the mistake of coming to walmart HAHAhahahaHa
 Walmart im at the Indianola Iowa store and there's a sign but the bags are nowhere to be found!  WTF… 
My sister legit changes outfits to go to Walmart and I have never been more fed up
 HPbasketball I call IT a Walmart Kyrie all the time and it doesn't weigh on my conscience.
The Christmas Story Changing Americas
With Isreal Intelligence  Walmart  cvspharmacy  Walgreens  riteaid… 
 Mike_Murley Wolverine fan that doesnt go to U of M. Definition of Walmart Wolverine 
nude walmart girls pics free free porn blond 
sexy babes walmart photos young grils negro fucking 
 _Shaggs3 My wife won't shop with me at Walmart wearing them. Meh! I don't play soccer.
Went to the ghetto Walmart just now, express checkout had like no lines!!!😄😄😄 today may actually turn out awesome 👌🏿😋
“Why are you in our country anyway,” a North Dakota woman grilled three young Somali women 
Man who 'upskirted' women at Target, Walmart, Big Lots sentenced to prison time 
 MattGertz I watch for a bit now & then just to stay honest or get my BP. Affects my opinion of the human race like like a trip to Walmart.
Walmart Ad & Coupon Matchups 7/28-8/12  coupon
You can see more sketchy ass people in 5 minutes at Walmart then a year at any other store
A woman was arrested for passing counterfeit money at Walmart in Shepherdsville: |… 
Navigating through the Walmart parking lot gives me anxiety
 NinWire  vanillakahlua Walmart sells through third party posters, usually not from their own warehouse.
I went to Walmart too and I didnt see you !! Annnnddd remind me to NEVER go with you anywhere😂😂😂 
Tough decisions at Walmart  Lyricoldrap 
Why is every Walmart employee named Doug?
Girl sleep is meditation. Anything that shuts out the outside world is meditation. Standing in line at Walmart is m… 
I just witnessed a grown ass man walk into walmart wearing a fuzzy blue tail....
 angela_rye   CNN   CharlesMBlow   tariqnasheed 

Priebus resigned yesterday.
The turnover rate   The White House is higher than Walmart. 󾓦󾓦
 Walmart why have 14  registers and only 4 open besides self checkout? So annoying.
146 Walmart has security tags on maybeline makeup?????? Lol whaaaaaaaa
 Walmart Loss Prevention Falsely Accuses Woman of Shoplifting 
Walmart's ASDA launches gift card marketplace.  retail  UK  England  Walmart via  RetailDive
So fuckt up  Walmart, you KNOW I'm working on that shit. Why you gotta rub it in ma face 😔 
 walmart  Trash WhatisCustomerService
 __jjjjennie The walmart next to kohls ? & i miss you too 😭
 AdvancedAnythin  Rohan_M97  dhaswell71  foyjuentes  jakepaul i get it though... "its much easier to complain about… 
i just accidentally stole coffee from walmart & when i looked at my receipt & realized my only thought was "why didn't i grab a bigger box"
If anybody in Central Arkansas wants a Jango Fett black series figure, there's one at the McCain Walmart in North L… 
 influenster  contest  olayatwalmart I love getting Olay from Walmart. The prices are cheap. They leave me feeling fresh and clean.
Walmart outlines Policy Roadmap to Renew U.S. Manufacturing 
I walk by this yarn  walmart every time I have been grocery shopping. I can only show restraint for so long. 😰 I'l…… 
 chrislhayes Turns people over faster than Walmart.
 gordlittle Of course, every other product sold will also be increased in price. Poor Sobeys/Dominion/Walmart/etc w… 
The self checkouts made my life 10X easier, now i can go to walmart and not have to make any contact with people
 batcavelv  Walmart  BowmanCards not many collectors on the edge of Detroit i guess lol
If Superstore Ads Were Honest - Honest Ads (Target, Walmart Parody) 
My bad  Walmart Clearlake. Employee used tap water for the 10  Goldfish I bought. We're dead b4 I got home! 👎🏽
Check Out How This Walmart Employee Selflessly Helped A Customer He Thought Might Be Having A Bad Day 
 __luvjayy Or you can buy the keychain for  3 go to Walmart and print the picture you want for  1.33 keychain size.
 EliasIvery  Walmart Ur sick
 _MitchyMitch Have you tried Walmart ? My homegirl just bought a big one for  20 fm there
Half of beeville doesn't have power including my house. Not even walmart!!!
 Mike__McKenna  Walmart  BowmanCards I saw an empty shelf where I think a display once stood.
Note to self... don't go to Walmart on payday
I'm in the running to win a Walmart Gift Card from  PrizeCircuit ! 
 RBallis  Walmart  BowmanCards My TRU didn't have any, but I'll keep checking.
Image from Psycho Bunny Mens Classic Brown Blue Watch PB1001BRNB- 
 elorfilad If someone shoots an old lady steals her purse and spends it at Walmart-horrible but we don't arrest Sam… 
The Walmart in Clinton has rain buckets everywhere smh
Walmart run
 JTonWinans  Walmart  BowmanCards The mother load!
seen this girl in Walmart & she like Ian even kno that was you you usually have yoself together 😭 I'm so ready for my hair appointment 😩
 Mike__McKenna  batcavelv  Walmart  BowmanCards What's the difference between regular and platinum ??
 vincewalsh3 And you picked the best day to avoid shopping at Walmart or eating lunch on North Street.
 Katearoh If homegirl don't chill with her butterfly Walmart shirt
 DiabeticToyota That was me when I used to work for Walmart.
 CadeSnedden Come kidnap me and I will. I'm stuck at Walmart
Regardless of your, uh, interesting opinion on Walmart, keep on not giving a flying f*** what people think. Love you for that  DanRyckert
Greenland Gardener 42"x42" Raised Garden Bed for  21 + pickup at Walmart - 
NEW POST: + +  AD  MAXatWM  linqia… 
*goes into Walmart for face powder* comes out with jewelry, a tote, a planner and no powder 🤦🏼‍♀️
florida people r so dope, saw a girl named starneshia at walmart
 iiFNaTiK i’ve gone to walmart
Heading to Walmart Liveme 💈♌️QueenK💈♌: 
Why my grandma in walmart showing her tramp stamp to ppl 😂😂😂🤦🏽‍♀️ bruuhhhh 😩
 katebig  DebBC Yeah, to reiterate, this is Nielsen npd data only, which is the "book trade" including bookstores,… 
 CleanNolsy Walmart has this ghetto ass one that goes in for 8-10 mins and it's fucking DANK !!!!
double curtain rod walmart on  bloglovin
 SarahKSilverman we're always in agreement, but please follow up also  responsibility (keep fighting)

I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pittsburgh, PA 
S/o to the little old lady who backed into me at Walmart. If u weren't someone's grandma, u woulda caught this RKO
 Trinitys_True22 Literally Walgreens , Walmart or rite aid
Your nails look like you get them done at Walmart
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wiso to put the back-pain meds oa th, bottom shelf at Walmart?
Walmart should be illegal
only kill you  it's walmart
 BNellyNelson I got one from walmart like 2 years ago, still have it. Its like a retracting cable but same thing
Walmart only got Auri crib online 😫
Athletes don't judge their worth by what Roy at Walmart makes, they compare themselves to the people who do a comparable job to them.
Walmart:  0.98 Sheila G’S Chocolate Brownie Brittle and  1.21 Bob Evans Side Dish! 
when you buy ONE (1) Milk-Bone Farmer’s Medley™ Biscuits (Redeemable at Walmart) ,  1.00 
This t-shirt is  4.88 at Walmart 🎧🍕
 happyfacefriday 
 jayjmsn23  yak_face Hi Jay thanks for the heads up. Can't located in my neck of the woods. Can you shared the sku… 
remember when the walmart 24 hour challenge was a thing. why are humans so weird
Fingers Walmart one of the biggest contributors here for several shelters donated all new which came in on 18 wheelers u name it Walmart
Blue Ranger 2017 Classic Boys Child Halloween Costume - 
Walmart trip  1 for IFC2017!
They pushing this Walmart pissy joke😫😫😂😂💀
 batcavelv  Walmart  BowmanCards my buddy just sent me this from his stop a half hour ago 
 Melanin_TheDon  DEIMONET And you can just get the mase from Target or Walmart. But it's just good to have as a fem… 
Daisy Precision Max .177 Dial-A-Pellet, 300ct - 
Had to hit up the liquor store and Walmart since Ima be in the house all weekend
Holy shit Walmart has the worst chip selection in the galaxy
 hiqhkey the collagen hydrogel gold mask. i got it from walmart bsjsja
Or walmart 
Chanel (somebody's repost of my art getting almost 200 likes) vs. Walmart (Me. a quarter that number)
this old white lady told me she hated target cause we're unorganized and the lines are too long, she has clearly never been to a walmart lol
Well being an ex employee coming to Walmart is awk
 GuidoLock  stephbump  SunneeSummer  PariniDaniele We always went to Walmart & bought cheap ones!
 batcavelv  Walmart  BowmanCards I heard toys r us has them. Not sure if that's true or not
It's so awk coming into Walmart lol
Omggggggggg I'm done with Walmart today
 2Chron169 The only thing  Walmart does well is create more people in need of food stamps. Most of their employees… 
me after learning about the Walmart conspiracy theory 
there's nothing to do in our town so we go fuck around in walmart 
Walmart Corporate Office in Atlanta, Georgia with Reviews - 
Go find dem Olay body washes at Walmart! They're super cheap right now and smell so good!  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
WalMart: Major Rollbacks in Furniture! Save big on college must-haves Major Rollbacks in Bedding!…… 
Olay Roll Back is on at Walmart! It smells so good! And keeps my skin hydrated after this summer heat!  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
Costco is just Walmart on steroids
 100 Walmart gift card give away! Post a classified ad at  and follow us on twitter for det… 
chanel vs walmart 😍 
 batcavelv  Walmart  BowmanCards Mine has none. Never got any.
Is everyone in the whitehouse gonna be fired? Yall gonna have the turnover rate of walmart here soon XD
Image from ToyWatch ToyFloat Baby Pink SF12BP - 
nickelodeon costco walmart looks so much like my husband here I am shooketh 
Walmart’s machine learning advantage  AI  ArtificialIntelligence  MachineLearning 
 MissAshleyLou_  EthanDolan  GraysonDolan 😇 And coincidentally we live right in the middle. With only a Tesco (Walm… 
Check out Jessica Adams in this cute Walmart Commercial! Congrats Jessica! Jessica Mikayla Adams

 scoutsagirl  speck  popsocket My cast cover are galaxy leggings from Walmart lol
Round this time last week  Walmart changed the definition of  preorder.  SNESClassic  cancelled  techglitch… 
this has been a very awkward experience. I walked past a cosplaying mutual in walmart while I was carrying soap.
UPDATE 1-Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike 
my nieces snap story- her feet, the road she lives on, the roof of Walmart, her feet again 😂
 takamuilight Feel sick if I don't have water after a certain time like yesterday at Walmart I was feeling sick cuz… 
 pomidrowysinik  chaoticsouI more like Walmart again, we've been through that already
 Walmart ’s  Amazon killer and a  realestate  startup are wooing  NYC  landlord s
 jet  business  urbandevelopment… 
 Heyyredd_ Walmart! Like  9.
 Bcalta07  Walmart I needed to rotate my tires and the 2 back tires were stuck. Couldn't take them off unless you u… 
the Olay Roll Back at  Walmart  influenster  OlayAtWalmart  Contest 
I just spent  60 at Walmart and I'm STILL not sure what I'm eating for dinner tonight... is this stage of life supposed to be so awkward?
Literally every time I go to Walmart it's different. Why are the clothes in the food aisles 😩
Back to school shopping is easy with  Walmart online! Check it out --   BacktoBusiness… 
free nude girl on girl action walmart teen sexy pics 
Aiyanna dragged me to walmart with this mayo treatment on.
I hope they sentence him to live in Jersey City, to only being allowed to shop at Walmart, and only allowed to driv… 
Last na Walmart na ☹️ (at  Walmart in Rehoboth Beach, DE) 
So...Walmart is making me sob. I'm going to miss these times so much. Dont grow up, E!!!!😭😭 
The Olay body wash is on roll back at walmart, buy one for amazing feeling skin!  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
 Protrump45  realDonaldTrump  TeamTrump  TrumpStudents What school? Walmart?
Saw a couple in Walmart wearing matching Bonnie & Clyde shirts 😂
 Reince  POTUS Burger King is hiring. So is Walmart. Just don't put "Failed to repeal Obamacare" on your application.
Aweee guy in Walmart very carefully selecting the perfect bouquet of flowers 🌺 highlight of my day
 morgansmom2002  Walmart Cause they're sassing you.  Lol
Don't discount RX discount cards. I had a client recently save 85% on her RX  Walmart by using one.  healthcaredebate  ACA  DRUGS
All at Walmart wid it 😂😂
My aunts really squaded up at Walmart buying me stuff for school 😭❤️ I love them
the first mistake was buying a Walmart raft
I've been sitting in the Walmart parking lot for an hour waiting on my brother. Someone come end my life. I'll give you like  5.
How many is that in 6 months? They have more turnover than the local Walmart.
I guess it's national everyone take a long ass time looking at every picture and can't choose what picture to print at Walmart day
 HaileeSteinfeld 32 GB San Disk thumb drive from Walmart for  5
They acting a plum fool up here at Walmart I'm so ready to start my new job 😭😩
 Reince out? The  WhiteHouse has a larger turn-over rate than  Walmart  maga  daddythickprez  CNN  DrainTheSwamp  DrainTheWhiteHouse
Cheryl went into Walmart and said "I'll make it quick" and I've been in the car for a solid 20 minutes yikes
 HaileeSteinfeld I bought one of those 32 GB San Disk USB thumb drives from Walmart for  5.00
So  walmart now thinks it can murde shoplifters without consequence?  That pit of despair can't become a memory like sears/kmart soon enough
Can anyone tell me more about the walmart pictured here? Is it the same one thats up today? Why was it abandone  YGK
 drewmagary We are the Walmart of the NFL, horrible product produced by cutthroat owner. Plus People of FedEx Field should be a thing.
Enter to win a  50 gift card from  Sephora  giveaway  contest  freethings 
From ikea to Walmart.... definitely gonna need a nap after this adventure
Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows JR9-00011 - 
My prayers go out to the families of the driver that passed in Villa Rica today in front of Walmart.
 Thee_Serb  Walmart Do it yourself pussy
Nintendo Switch Neon Console Gray is in stock at WalMart!  NintendoSwitch July 28, 2017 5:10 pm 
 Walmart You shouldn't be letting best linens put products on your site . I ordered 11 piece comfort set they sent me a 7 piece .
 WindsweptCoast Sharpies from Walmart and book from Winners!! Every day is a winner at winners!  :)))
i hate walmart 😂
 kayleeknecht13 Only at Walmart  😂😂😂 like did he have a back up plan? What if he got caught what could he even possibly say to justify it
 tayshayyy I seen it at Walmart
went to walmart for shirts, came back w chocolate cake (:
 steelers4lifeFL HaH!! Sweating my ballbag off ..than some girl asked me to give her a jump in the walmart parking lot cause her car died
 ogtigersmilk Yea what about paying for her groceries to be delivered to her or a gift card to Target or Walmart.
 dedwino apparently, the seller uses spirit gum but you could find it at walmart for pretty cheap! And same lmao
  Walmart Marine Battery Switch Pv21252   
sexy walmart girls first time bisexual 
A day full of yoga practice calls for a smart snack. The  NatureValley XL bars from  Walmart are perfect!
 AD… 
Contessa A. of Saint Louis, MO  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
Used Walmart grocery pickup system. It's an improvement but it's still shopping at Walmart  dontjudge
Walmart is where it's at🙌🏼 
This looks like the box of worms they sell at Walmart 
Walmart knew they owed me more money 🙃
 apredatorposing I loved this cotton candy & gummy bear that they had at Walmart way back when & then I fell in lov… 
 chrisledford9  Walmart  Target Can't believe Target is paying you to tweet this.  sponsor  Chrisisfamous
Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike 
 Fox_Crimson  DrakonicKnight Walmart is getting into the fursuit business watch out expensive makers :3
you rlly called super1 to ask if Walmart cashed checks?.... yeah ppl weird af
Milk has become so expensive lately , thanks  Walmart 
Walmart confirms it's canceling every single SNES Classic preorder - The Verge 
Perk up or Amp up with MAX Boost by MAXWELL HOUSE - personalizable caffeine levels! MORE INFO------>… 
I've been in Florida since Tuesday and the only things I can say I've done is gone to Walmart and McDonalds. Goodbye.
People were laughing at me carrying my umbrella inside Walmart when it wasn't raining... well now I'm laughing because it's pouring 😂
the guy at walmart told me hello and i said good morning back....... why did i say good morning
Just tried my first  Ale8One when I spotted the vending machine at a KY  Walmart Fabulous drink, but I'm from PA. D… 
Bro  Walmart just now finished my oil change and changing my tire.... I fuckin dropped it off at like 2:30. Never coming here for this again
Was confused why Walmart was charging me some frustratingly opaque "merchandising fee" until I realized it was just the  0.05 can deposit. 🤔
 FlowerChildDR Walmart
why is  CBSPittsburgh at my Walmart? lol
 T_pot2 Walmart waiting for Robert!
Homelessness in Union County: 'I know some people who are just shopping at Walmart all night with nowhere to go.”… 
 smkanyuaa Thankss and Walmart
 IHopeMyLastWordsAreNot   Welcome to Walmart
 ShaunKing  SarahKSilverman Seems they made friends 😊Women Involved in Altercation in Fargo Walmart Parking Lot Com… 
So I was driving my morotcycle to Walmart and it starts POURING rain so I pull over. He decided to take a nap at her house.
Yea I'll go to Walmart later on when it cool down. It will give me something to do
 da5650  RBReich It's the WalMart business model, amped up a several notches.
I hate going in walmart with my grandma . She get distracted by looking at other stuff and forget what she came in there for🤦🏽‍♀️God please😩
toni just got banned from walmart 😭😭😭😭
This video got in a fight in a Walmart parking lot over a pack of Marlboro ultra lights 
Cool walmart didnt have switches anywhere but gamestop dude said they might get some in a few weeks.
Want to know the perfect way to Amp or Perk up in the afternoon?  GO HERE!!    MAXatWM  ad 
Someone posted a picture of a pair of  180 shoes and said he was gonna get them. they looked like a worn out  10 Walmart pair
Velkommen til det nye USA 😳  uspol  nogo WATCH: Woman Threatens Somalians in Walmart Parking Lot via  heavysan
Bought  Goldfish from  Walmart (Cocoa 520) guy used water from the sink. Sure I only spent  3.35 on 10! But they're ALL dead cuz of  Shock!
Stop by Walmart in Gulfport today to make a donation & help equip our Gulf Coast children for success in school!… 
Teach My Kits Online  Walmart  buy 
Yes, Walmart now wants to be your bank 
I hate going to Walmart.
MY DS CAME IN THE MAIL FINALLY!! Going to Walmart right after work and getting games 😊😊😂
You could get applebees at Walmart 
Walmart be scamming the shit outta people
Walmart employee’s act of kindness helps foster parent in time of need 
Shoppers prefer  Walmart for online fresh  groceries over  Amazon by  FoodDive
Today a patient said to me, "wow you got that GQ look a those WalMart prices!" and I think it was the best compliment I've ever gotten
 BasedMonitored was when running for pres then folding like a  walmart picnic chair during campaign, at least romne… 
 MatchUpLists Walmart – Jul 28 – Aug 12 
 Walmart  7 Fish Fryers at Walmart, RUN! 
 ReincePriebus Out! The White House now is known for the biggest jobs turn around ever more than Walmart or McDonald's.
i feel sick i just spent an hour at walmart nd im so hungry but my nanna is making me wait even though i didnt have lunch or breakfast
 HaileeSteinfeld I wanted to tell you that there is a back to school sale at Walmart and I found composition notebooks for  0.50
 CloutAtlas  L_Williams027 This man really hittin it in Walmart
Jl 2017 Roughy it's 5:25 pm here in Fayetteville, NC at Michael Carter apt. Ramsey nearby/across Walmart. HT: 5'6 S… 
The Hammond Walmart has go to be one of the worst places on earth
Why, that's me! 😍😍😍 walmart has a great price on SECRETS OF THE TULIP SISTERS, if you're looking… 
If your self esteem is ever really low just take a lap around the Berlin Walmart and I promise you'll feel like a super model
 D_FabulousLife  parislavet  Walmart And bundles 🤔
A car almost hit me today at Walmart and chance tried to pull me back I was like nah I'm in a cross walk let these fuckers make me rich😂
Avoiding former high school classmates at Walmart like... 
Walmart's Chile Workers Vote to Strike Unless They Get Higher Wages  PhillyBusiness
 Wrestlingdazeuk It is a Walmart exclusive you might get more
 StarNewsOnline There are a lot of vacant Kmart and Walmart properties around.
can u imagine my embarrassment when i realized i left my wallet in the car at walmart
At Walmart returns and the guy in front of me is returning 168 cans, trifle cake and a frozen pizza
THO tbh it was an L to trust walmart in the first place 🤷🏾‍♀️
3 predictions for the future of retail – from the CEO of Walmart via  wef
 thehill  GeorgeTakei  CBS
FYI; under this  POTUS - Walmart has just unveiled a plan to create 1.5M manufacturing jobs  MAGA
shoutout to Momma Kate for finding this song on LimeWire & downloading it onto some sketchy MP3 player from Walmart… 
So much for the tolerant right. 
"Serving isn't a real job" says the Walmart cashier who isn't making  27 an hour
Walmart - Johnson’s Hand & Face Wipes 25 ct only  0.86! - 
 SchoonerSeagull flew by Walmart Gulfport to aid the Junior Auxiliary & United Way in collecting school supplies fo… 
Bcaa's at gnc- 30 same ones at walmart- 15 just sayin 👍
Struggling Mom of 3 Gets “Dirty Looks” in Walmart ... 
Tracking Link for  1000 Walmart Gift Card for the Holidays - Email Submission - US 
 batcavelv  Walmart  BowmanCards My friend is a manager at the local wal mart and told me they stock them every Fri… 
 parislavet  Walmart But why tho? lmfaooo
 ZENDlNAHS walmart***
If used regularly  PURELL Advanced Hand Sanitizer can help reduce school absenteeism by up to 50%! available  Walmart  GotItFree
 Idfkho  You can find us at Walgreen's, 7-Eleven, Walmart, and convenience stores!
Who loves pen shopping . Received a lot of this request lol Have a good day   pens  sharpies  Walmart... 
Minecraft Walmart Tutorial Episode 31 (Camping/Outdoor Area): via  YouTube
 D_FabulousLife  Walmart They be selling Jordan's too lmao shit yeezys too
Bars and Walmart top list of Uber, Lyft destinations - 
I just walked past one of my tumblr mutuals in walmart. seriously.
Jl 2017 Roughy it's 5:25 pm here in Fayetteville, NC at Michael Carter apt. Ramsey nearby/across Walmart. JMBRM 
I liked a  YouTube video The People Of Walmart (Funny Fails)
 BrunoMars You rocking Walmart socks?
 dannnnnniellle I disagree. I love Walmart 😩
Man 50 brandishes knife at walmart  police say.  prevention  arrest 
Walmart – Jul 28 – Aug 12 
Wit da Walmart socks that come in a 12 pack. Watch ooouuut. 
 tjusticul I dare u to prank call walmart
i was walking in the walmart parking lot and some creepy old guy stops and says "damn you look good baby" and i almost cried
A friendly reminder why I hate going to Walmart👌🏽👌🏽
 Jdguzmnmua I worked at a Walmart one for awhile so we had Icees if you bought an Icee cup ya know? So many people… 
The cashier   Walmart just tried to give me the package of diapers that belonged to the lady behind me  nomaam  nothankyou
 Travis_johnson9 Bro just go to walmart, they’re like  20
Love the selection at my Walmart! 
I was in Walmart and this old man gets a call from his wife and he answers it "hello my love" and my heart sank😍
 Walmart yet ANOTHER poor experience at your store!!!
Tho shalt not sleep on Walmart lol bought a throw pillow from target for  26 and Walmart has the exact same thing for  14
my brother wants me to go to walmart w him but im taking a nap this life is tok hard
 Money_Fanziel  Lostways27  darrenrovell  DJSeneseiNJ  MemoryLaneInc No, it was Co-Owned by Gretzky, sold to Walmar… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in North Attleboro, MA 
 Irishgawdess  Scaramucci Low wage workers. Americas working poor! Walmart deliberately set up this system!
 D_Randa  _SidneySidney Its the same people that will run you down in walmart.
Take a look at what I found at What do you think?  FREE 2 DAY SHIP
You know you're bored when you and your girlfriend are driving in circles in the Walmart parking lot, seeing who can scream the loudest
A Hamden, Ohio man reportedly led police on a vehicle chase that exceeded 100 miles per hour. 
 PURELL,  GotItFree and available  Walmart.
 ImNotScottySire I mean, more people go to Walmart.... 
Purell hand sanitizer is a necessity when it comes to my kids! Especially when the new school year  PURELL  GotItFree available  Walmart
Just used my  16 from my Walmart Savings Catcher to buy school supplies:   itsthelittlethings
Airport's are like Walmart but with planes.
Walmart has the Lumi Gaming Drone for  19.96 (68% off) 
Walmart Is Selling a  299 Cannabis Rosin Press. So We Bought One | Leafly  cannabis  leafly via  Leafly
 megslolk  dzdodrill mhmmm🤔 i think at walmart
This random guy just paid my 300  bill at Walmart 😭 and I just got a call for an interview at my school... the blessings omg
"I'm going to Walmart"  kayleeedianeee 
 SocialRepose i'll be a walmart version of mikey
 bryceygray Supposedly there is a WalMart in the dead center of each one..
If you ever want to lose faith in humanity and the capitalist system all in one fell swoop, just visit any poorly run Walmart.  TheWorst
 comethrualexis hfncksmfg im pretty sure i just picked them up from a walmart but i forget? this style is so in theyre everywhere here
 PMadyson Yep! Got to walmart and mom wasn't able to use her card.
 classiccar  steelyard  walmart   Steelyard 
Walmart I don't think you selling your products right 
Cherokees sue Big Pharma over Opiods.  They sue Walmart too. 

TULSA — More than 100 pills were sold for every... 
Money Maker on Garnier Hair Care    Walmart!! - 
This  job might be a great fit for you: In Store Banker NMLS Cerritos Walmart (PT 20hrs) -  Banking  Cerritos, CA
 Isuall Good now take down walmart from within
Use safe extraction methods... Walmart sells a rosin press online. 


 aneeeshia *walmart 🙄
 kraviitz one  time     i  stole   a scooby doo   plush    from  walmart
Walmart's ASDA launches gift card marketplace  Retail 
 crydamoures yooooo eva (who has huge boobs) and i (who does not) both got this at walmart for like  12 this month… 
BEST Walmart Deals 7/28 – 8/12! 
Walmart version of o2l 😭😂  bruhitszach  ItsNickBean
 WWETNAfigures today's pick up from Walmart for  10. They had their battle packs in the wrong spot 
Did y'all know  Walmart sells LA Pro concealer online???
 Reuters  Breakingviews Not too long ago, we talked about Walmart; now it is Amazon. It seems that a Company can on… 
i just saw amber at walmart
day: made
 influenster  contest  olayatwalmart.   Head on out to Walmart and pick up some amazing olay body wash and lotion!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Tomball, TX 
Buy Buy Zestra for him at   wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth… 
 MightyDuksGoaly They are the  BurgerKing retard left overs. Couldn't get a greet spot at  Walmart
This Is ModCloth’s Plan To Win Over Customers After The Walmart Acquisition 
I love these little Jelly hangers for the Purell.

 PURELL,  GotItFree and available  Walmart.
 AsteadWH  maggieNYT the internet never forgets! Guessing Billy could afford awesome insurance coverage not Walmart… 
 PRETTYMUCH  simonjonespr  TeenChoiceFOX Walmart brand one direction
The only good thing about Walmart is that sometimes there is a Target across the street.
 Nicoleandrews69  anthonyjones_13 That's unfortunate, I'd recommend getting some ear plugs then! pretty sure walmart sells them for like  5
Someone please explain to me why  Walmart has 30 cash registers and only 9 of them are open.
lindsay lohan sex videos naked chick walmart 
 marissanissley  garrettxjerome We always did the Walmart ones when they still had a photo booth in store lol
Marvel Titan Hero Series Hulkbuster Figure for  5 + pickup at Walmart 
 Uncle Vigs 7/26 Blog Post: Osama bin Ladin and a Walmart couple!! 
Why the fuck is Walmart doing bundle only switches????
 _AmB1TIOUS_GIRL It all depends what you like. Just go to Walmart or GameStop and look at what they have for the low
Walmart customer service is ass. This girl just checked me out without saying a single word to me...I even tried to make convo several times
 thetaylorbrooke Walmart should have some
 TheLastLeg Mega jar of cheese balls as seen in Walmart  WeirdAmericanFoods 
 HaileeSteinfeld I bought some new Hanes boxers and socks from Walmart and that movie Book of Eli from Walmart didn… 
how oj free but my pops still at walmart for 12 years
Exclusive: Not Made in America - Wal-Mart looks overseas for online vendors 
teen tittie women of walmart porn tube 
 TheLastLeg  weirdamericanfoods outside loo in Walmart  tasty 
Walmart is a war zone. I feel like I have to wear some damn protection in there
OUR TRIPS TO WALMART WERE THE BEST!!! I WAS GOOD BUT NOW YOUR JUST ON MY MINDS HARD AND HEAVY
Is  Walmart still selling  BowmanCards Platinum or has that ship sailed?
Walmart on North Ave so ratchet 😂
Desert Eagle .44 Magnum Spring Pistol, Silver - 
Bruh I lost my phone in lakeshore Walmart for like ten minutes and I was about to die. Thank god for find my iPhone 👏🏾👏🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
Why was the greeter at Walmart so fine though 👀
Met a magician in Walmart he taught me tricks
teen sex streams nude walmart 
guy *youre so comfortable in any situation*
me *im like a duck feather duvet on a good day and a leopard print Walmart blanket on a bad one*
I hate Walmart
 Knorr Still trying to find the  Knorr Selects Four Cheese Risotto in Houston TX. Checked Zkroger, HEB, Walmart, Aldi, Fiesta & even Target!
 KevGOAT69  VegasRefund He wants to know why you can buy bullets and cheese at a Walmart in the same shopping instance.........
This lady at Walmart try to say that I wasn't the person in my id bc my hair blonde now and I'm the pic it's dark 🙄
I received  5 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
 Gonzzink Zinc lozenges! I get them at Walmart, they're legit. Hope you feel better before tomorrow!
After 15 years in business, indie retailer ModCloth faces its biggest challenge yet. 
I need to go to Walmart real quick,  NorthKorea can y'all wait til I get back?
 walmarthelp This whole experience was frustrating and a waste of time. I will never order from again.
 saambr87 I got it at Walmart for  5 lol 😁
 FlashLopez06  KMartSoSmart Word copped mine from Walmart too and it's been a gem
When Foster Mom's WIC Card Wouldn't Work, Walmart Cashier Pays Her Bill 
 Retweet  Makeup  PowderPressed  IMAN Luxury Pressed Powder Sand Light 
Thank you  arikring for giving me +K about Walmart! 
Man stocking stuff for Back to School at Walmart not a joke 😂 I'm searching all the aisles for where the inventory goes 😂
Walmart:  0.98 Sheila G’S Chocolate Brownie Brittle and  1.21 Bob Evans Side Dish!  coupon
Descendants 2 A Wickedly Cool I I saw this at Walmart today & got excited 😜Coloring Book (Art of Coloring)  Amazon
I saw my ex best friend at Walmart and her mom kept telling me how big I've gotten and how I'm always invited to their house 😭❤️
the McDonald's worker, Walmart cashier, attorney, brain surgeon all get treated w/ respect. WHY? because who am I to knock anyone's hustle
Great product. I love the scents . Refreshing!!! You can find at  walmart  influenster   secretatwalmart   contest
13 Secrets Every Walmart Shopper Needs to Know 
Walmart beauty box review | summer: via  YouTube
A guy in walmart parking lot just told me he likes my hair so either I'm fabulous or he wants to scalp me stay tuned
I swea Aldi gone be my befriend this semester fuck Walmart 
 WalMart Your  peaceful house stories that should be made into a movie
Looking out the walmart door looking for 6pm👀 
I was pretty sure that 2 weeks ago the formula I bought was  45 and not  50

Fuck you Walmart, we aren't getting paid  15/h yet. Slow down.
 lembke_madison is trying to lose me in walmart as we speak.
 randih_wsfa  Walmart I think it is a great idea, but should put a limit on items.  It should B an alternative to the "EXPRESS" lane.
 JU_Double Leaving Walmart otw to granny's pull up
Hottest day of the summer tomorrow..Getting ready!! (at  Walmart in San Antonio, TX) 
I wonder if Walmart will have another  SNESClassic Pre-Order late tonight...  JustKidding  WeWillGetIt  Relax
"Then I go to the Walmart two years later , and guess who I see there as a greeter ? KEOSHA OLE RAGGEDY ASS"😂😂😂😂 
 TheBeevil Are those your co workers again? You work in Walmart? Just kidding Bev....
This is the future of  retail shopping via  wef 
 _superargo  morgmorgan25 I've done that at Walmart before… Just take the displays and go. Seems like people just d… 
Man. The great majority of customers here at the Walmart on 18 look so ratchet. Like they don't care how they look at all
Walmart - Jul 28 - Aug 12 -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
Riding on a greyhound, at any time of the day, is worse than Walmart after midnight. Should I yelp this??
Today I left Walmart without paying for my stuff. Got all the way to my car. Started it. Turned it off. Walked back in. Verryy shamefully.
I just saw a white man in some short shorts and a Walmart polo get out of a new clothes. Clothes don't mean shit
 BroHumors  COLLEGEBoeingDDlES Cant imagine people clicking this.... have u seen the catch at walmart?
The one thing I do like about Walmart is I can wear whatever I want and no one can judge me
Great prices on Olay products at Walmart!! Check it out!!  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart 
Camp Chef Double Beer Can Chicken Holder for  6 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Call_Me_Flash It's cool lol. Walmart carries them. 
Walmart Family Mobile’s plans got BETTER. Unlimited plans at an unbelievable value – starting at  24.88 a month.… 
 cws9chris  Target  CGRindycar  GanassiChip Can't argue. Only reason will still shop, b/c won't shop   Walmart, kil… 
 lldrax Our main competition is Walmart and Food King, known for their low prices.  Our counter has been to consistently raise prices.
 ellarosalyn_ i'm already at walmart but slick didn't even think about there
 corbynbesson there are hats for like  6 from Walmart
Welcome to Walmart you must die
 KMartSoSmart bike i currently have is from Walmart. got it for 120. built it myself. working out great for me.
Me trying to figure out when "can we go to walmart" turned into "we're going to an album release party I have a dre… 
Marvel Legends Kang Ares BoeingF Walmart Marvel Universe Infinite Series Avengers  
This is the future of  retail shopping  
 _channz Walmart 🙂
I want pizza, steak, and a rotisserie chicken from Walmart.
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Neighborhood Market, and won 25 Points! WOO HOO!!
We are excited to have donated over  10,000 to CMN this year from health screenings at our local Walmart! Helping o… 
Need me a new bsf cause  alyssa_rddgz  don't want to have Walmart adventures with me ☹️
I really hate Walmart
Young Walmart cashier's act of kindness leaves foster parent in tears.
It's picnic time! Bring my Strawberry Chicken Salad Sandwich Wraps &  BlueLizardSun  ad 
I just had the most amazing panic attack ,I haven't been to Walmart but twice in the last two yrs,I walked by the... 
 walmarthelp No that is ok. I'm done at Walmart. It's going on 3 weeks now that I see nasty food and clearly expire… 
 WeekinReview:  VitalVio’s deal w/ DukeU,  KirshHelmets’ big investment,  PlugPowerInc’s deal w/ WalMart &  CohoesNY 
 fxckinbands I don't have any more dyes I'd have to go back to Walmart lol but that takes effort and money which I don't have
Hey  accursedfarms, tell me this isn't full of examples you'd see randomized on Quarantine character designs: XD
Wasted 3 hours at Walmart for them to tell me that they can't change my oil and that I  have a leak.  .   it's chill tho. I got a wagon
Chanel vs. Walmart  HarrisonWebb97   ItsBobbyMares 
Playa.... Walmart every where here. Wuttis ya doing? 
 No2Scoops
Warning: Avoid Walmart’s Great Value Unmeltable Ice Cream Sandwich At All Cost

 xarea77 we are available on & :)
i just hope my future husband remembers where we park the car when we go to walmart bc i never remember 🤦🏻‍♀️
People need to realize how terrible the end of  NetNeutrality will be. It'll be like  Walmart eating up mom-pop sho… 
We goin to walmart 
Me - "I need to go to Walmart" 
Anthony - "for tampons?"
Genie - "for chocolate?"

What no??? 😂😂😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Page, AZ 
Tired of you kid missing school bc icky viruses get them sick? Send them to school with  Purell Advance Hand Sanitizer!  GotItFree  Walmart
 petercoffin I got my B.S. in Savings but now I have so much student debt that I can't afford to shop at Walmart.
It want ois rain as soon as I get to Walmart
 Walmart They had a blast and already asking about the next trip!
 SportsCardNews Why are they doing Walmart exclusive products when fewer Walmart stores are carrying cards? Could j… 
Amazon vs. Wal-Mart: Who Is Winning the Robot Wars  robotics  it robotisering  ict  management
Alpha-5 POPs at Walmart - not exclusive anymore? 
>leave home at 6am so dad thinks Im looking for a job
>go to Walmart and play wii sports in the electronic section for like 2 fucking hours
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Snes Mini Rant Preorder Canceled
If You See This On Your Receipt From Walmart- Call The Police Immediately 
Walmart Is Selling Fruit Punch-Flavored Pickles 
Available now at your local  Walmart comes the new  Gold Standard in affordable beauty.
✨😁
 New  24k  Luxury 
 Racist  Trump supporter goes crazy at WalMart.  NoBanNoWall  asylum  NotMyPresident  ImpeachTrump 
Got a scam call wanting me to get a  200 card from Walmart. I was quickly reminded why I voted for  realDonaldTrump
Order Buy Zestra at  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid  amazon  sexualdysfunction
 penthouse_dean I'm surprised you didn't tag me this is us after Walmart lol
now next step is driving at night (which i haven't done without having a panic attack since i worked at walmart)
The amount of people trying to start conversations with me at Walmart is completely unbearable.
 katd83  ThomasKlineMD Walgreen treated me awful as well no problem ever at Walmart and they are cheaper
Is there really a "dunk a cop" goin down in the Walmart parking lot
Walmart is the impotence of the human mind to deal with occurrences it cannot understand 🤢🙅🏼😖
Walmart: Xbox One Kinect Sensor only  40.99 (reg  96.94) 
everybody loves raymond angry sex walmart nude pics 
 dzdodrill  megslolk yeah i think you mean walmart
 Zooomingevy Tell them to try Walmart. 😳
Order Buy Zestra at  wsj  zestra  walmart  walgreens  cvspharmacy  cvshealth  riteaid… 
Grocery is just one of the many areas in which Target lacks  TGT
"I liked Walmart better in Hawaii" -my dad
Yeah I liked everything better in Hawaii
20 People Who Show Us That Walmart Is Another World Entirely

how this pic vote trump in 2016 but cat call me from a rusty pickup truck in a walmart parking lot even tho im half… 
I'm being so unproductive right now laying in bed... but I did shower, go to Walmart, & get my eyebrows waxed today so it evens out right?
 megslolk I think you meant Walmart
People go to school for gender studies and end up at Walmart lol
 katd83  ThomasKlineMD Go to Walmart they are the best the best
Walmart: What the Fork Are You Doing With Your Produce, Walmart? - Sign the Petition! via  CdnChange
today at Walmart a kid accidentally rammed into his mom with the cart and she just kinda looked at me and said "this is my life"  sorryma
 Gallaecian  DeliliaOMalley  elle_gdmfsob  CharismaMolotov  Momicaof4  harrisongs58  13matters  realDonaldJGump… 
IT PLAYED AT WALMART I WAS LIKE OMG WHAT. i fell on the floor and cried people stared at me but i was just so happy… 
Pregaming for Walmart
 Target  AskTarget always thought you were better than Walmart! Now long lines no customer service, self check failing to walmart levels
Hate going to the Walmart in Timberville. You see to many people from school
 angry_vet_ And I mean full no-shame professional. 
Dress for Success  Shopping  Walmart 
Looking forward to my first semester at Walmart University! 😂 
 JonahMarais IT PLAYED AT WALMART I WAS LIKE OMG WHAT. i fell on the floor and cried people stared at me but i was… 
The rice lake Walmart is a shit show
Got one!!   Walmart Las Vegas - N Rainbow Blvd 
 Karagin_Angel At Walmart there is this dog cleaning I use for everything. It got throw up out of my car. It's by O… 
Just got told I was a good mom in Walmart  blessed  babysitterlife (I was only having a small meltdown)
Xbox One Kinect - 40.99 via Walmart  
Check out your August Ad from Walmart > 
 AdamGalford I may of actually really been in the gym parking lot when I tweeted this or Walmart parking lot lmao
I fell like I'm freezing &then I get so hot I start sweating. It's so irritating the other day I wore a sweater to Walmart &got weird looks.
 dcffk  MarkRPellegrino  Providence1775  rickballan  rdlln  Body_in_Mind  AuntieDote  Vanyathalias  LShrug Because… 
 Jenibooboo If you are not happy with the service you've been getting, leave the details here so we can review them… 
nothing better than being catcalled at walmart 🙄🙄
That's plastidip 4.99 at Walmart per can 
 SOLOKI_ You can get rlly cheap headsets at Walmart for like 15 bucks to put your phone in
AVOID AREA OF BEASLEY AT WALMART  WRECK WITH INJURIES   C42 
 jet getting useless due to listing & selling sold out product. Use old Data base  for  pricing and stock. Going the Walmart way !
to the lady that complimented my eyebrows at walmart, god bless you😭❤️
 atheistProgress  JoeCienkowski  monster_959  Feras_H_  ScientiaPercept Joe's local chapter of crazy meets at WalMa… 
 thisisgerrie this is the best cereal of all time, no holds barred. they are the only reason that I will now willingly enter a Walmart
 spyblog  xeni Not really sure about that. You don't usually see us or eu people stealing tp rolls from the walmart toilet stalls
Walmart, Burlington and target IM EXHAUSTED. But we are  more than half done with buying stuff for our new place...
 TheeOnlyOciera  ASIAXXIII I'm gonna try one more walmart! Then hopefully I can get it online 💖
i love seeing dads ride bikes in walmart 😩😂
How about you stop aspiring to be a rapper and get off of the carts in Walmart. It's been like 10 years.
If you're into weird shit, I'd check out WalMart on 192 right now. I have thought "wtf?" more times than ever.
so i'm wearing bb's punjabi for a walmart run and it's waaaaayyyyyy too cute
 zDerekz_ I dont understand like I dont even talk to this weird fuck gaymer, nigga rides my dick and says I work at… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Copperas Cove, TX 
Walmart? 
 PURELL Got my free Advanced Hand Sanitizer! Loving it! Going to be great for the kids' backpacks available  Walmart  GotItFree
Ok I was trying to get off social for a bit, feeling shitty, but There was a dude at Walmart that looked identical… 
I absolutely cannot go into Walmart without a list because I will come out with everything but what I needed
 nerualG it doesn't matter to me! I can meet y'all at Walmart, whatever is easiest
someone pls visit me at walmart i'm here till 8😭
Then I showed maria my bra and said it's from Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️ (it really is tho)
These Are the Most Popular Drugstore Lipstick Shades Across America  FashionFiles
 PURELL,  GotItFree and available  Walmart. Buzz agent love my Purell hand sanitizer
50 Shocking Photos of Naughty Women at Walmart 
 
Walmart literally makes me hate myself.
cant find the fucking moisturizer in walmart 
 notreadyforadulthood
Catch me driving 15 minutes to target when I have a Walmart 3 minutes away from me
 franwork  Walmart sure
you doing the right thing dearie.
You need to get a job. Walmart hiring 
 yak_face  Wanted to share- Walmart AT-ST clearance.  Star Wars AT-ST Walker Black Series Walmart exclusive for  30 
Save   with Gumdrop and be entered to win a  50 Walmart gift card. Don't miss out!  via  Goodshop
Going to Walmart with somebody goofy is a top 5 date lowkey and all you're really doing is getting groceries.
It's good to know Paris Hilton is just as hilarious as she was 10 years ago. "Walmart? Do they sell, like, wall stu… 
Taking applications for a best friend who will go on random Walmart trips w me 🙇🏾‍♀️
When you go to walmart at 5am and you find a relict in the wild. Still sealed and my first… 
Walmart Weekly Ad Deals July 28 - August 12, 2017  walmart 
Apparently you either run into everyone you know at Walmart or Your Flesh. 
 davidcxr  JohnKDelaney Everyone gets healthcare. It's the insurance that we're really discussing. We need more com… 
 DigitalKristen I don't understand...I've never been in a Walmart that had more than one cash register open...and I… 
Walmart always busy
 TheLastLeg came across sausages on a stick wrapped in blueberry pancakes in a Walmart once...  WeirdAmericanFoods 
 Walmart so.... what about this guy?  bully  lossprevention  powerhungry
I apologize to everyone about to see me in Walmart, I look real rough.
phat girlz having sex videos free videos of women having sex at walmart 
went to Walmart the other night & completely forgot about the mocha Oreos... where was my mind at?
 alexxxcan12 I can come get you when I get off? And we can meet her somewhere? Or we can all meet at Walmart?
 IISuperwomanII I changed the home screen and lock screen of a phone in Walmart to something that brings inspiratio… 
 Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company's Supply Chain
 cleanenergy
Read Here:… 
Walmart expands online grocery pickup in Metro East with debut of service in Godfrey 
In the swirl of all the fake news around us, I found a nugget of truth that I hope blesses you as it did me. I... 
Urban outfitters aesthetic with Walmart budget
Walmart & Amazon:  8.36 Space Jam 20th Anniversary Steelbook (Blu-ray + DVD + Digital)! 
The Argyle Walmart just got a bunch of Switches in! I want to get Nikki one, but I have to wait… 
No make up on, my hair is a mess, so the chances of me seeing everybody and their fucking mother at walmart are pretty damn high 🙃😂
my son and I are by far the least tan people in this walmart...everyone here just got back from the beach it seems
 JMurray247 Nothing like that mad dash to the washrooms when you're potty training and your kid says "I have to pee… 
A developmentally delayed man was sentenced to prison today for possessing child porn and 'upskirting' women.


My second haul video! 
What I got from walmart. 
naked babes at walmart pic oiled sex tube 
Walmart Mililani gig..  vaimaninoclan from the Pomele Reunion :)  iamthedj  karaokedj   Walmart… 
2017 Walmart Back To School Deals!


"I'm going to Walmart to read the hallmark card and using it as a caption for my moms birthday post"
Walmart is the bane of my existence
 TheCircle in stores Tuesday. Pre-order your copy at  Walmart today. 
How many Walmart employees does it take to do a passport photo 🤔 
HAPPY BDAY CLEANY!!! Glad you're finally out of the Walmart parking lot 😉  colleen_smithhh 
ATL TSA really got one lane open like this Walmart 💀💀💀
Image from Psycho Bunny Classic Black Watch - 
 influenster  contest  olayatwalmart Check out the Olay Roll Back at  Walmart
 griledcheesemom dr. bronners! i'm not sure if walmart has it but target does for sure!
Cheap Walmart Laptops Acer Aspire E-15 Vs HP 15-F272wm Specs Webcam Sound Display: via  YouTube
A grocery drive-thru?!?  Walmart just launched 2 in Dothan. I checked it out. More at 4:30! 
 LazyPicnic i think i might get it soon... i gotta check out walmart bc target doesnt have it
you're the walmart of people
Seeing Walmart employees with them capes on be having me weak 😂
Cookie Monster bin at Walmart ☺ 
Stealing from Walmart don't make you a gangster
Omg this bitch at Walmart is taking forever
LG 108C 3G Prepaid Phone for TracFone for  9.83 + pickup at Walmart
http:
 MikeKlis Fuck Mike.. Walmart has kneepads and chapstick on sale!? You are using it like crazy.
i start working at walmart tomorrow :))
Walmart confirms it’s cancelinnź  m  p m ..j  lm     m . m   mm i  .m l.bdm   i l  m m
3    l.m .m  v  zj
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Huntersville, NC 
The only way you can get me to "workout" rn is taking me on a walk at the mall or Walmart 😂😂😂😂
cruelty free drug store/target/walmart body wash?
Honestly I'm so proud of stephenville. We've gotten 3 new restaurants, upgrading our HEB, and repainted Walmart. 👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
Regalo Easy Diner Portable Hook-On Highchair for  17 + pickup at Walmart - 
Rachael Ray 2-Piece Lazy Spoon and Ladle Set for  10 + pickup at Walmart - 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Low Carb Keto Walmart & Trader Joe's Haul 6/11/17
 brittanyschray yo fyi astrobrights paper & flair pens both on rOoOoLLback at walmart rn
 AsdaServiceTeam Yes in Walmart in Kelowna Canada on the 18th July
I once walked into a Walmart to see breakfast on a stick. A sausage on a stick wrapped up in a pancake with maple syrup.  weirdamericanfoods
But buying fast fashion, buying stuff from Walmart... where do you think those cheap fabrics are coming from?
 Nati2de Pssh. They need to step up their stocking game like Walmart and Target
 TheLastLeg  weirdamericanfoods 100's of bottles of 'Chocolate Wine' in Walmart
It takes less than a minute to get to walmart from my apartment and Ava managed to fall asleep
 amazon is the new  walmart
 cthulhu  Wallstreet  ecommerce  business  InternetOfThings
Walmart canceling all early SNES Classic pre-orders due to ‘technical glitch’ 
Love the  Walmart  pickup!  Not only does it save me money, but makes  lifesimpler
I probably ruined my own life. But its easier to say Walmart ruined it for me. I wasted most part of my life there for a horrible company.
why walmart look so pack
My hatred for the Fall River Walmart runs deep. I drove all the way to Swansea to get toilet paper.
Y'all there's an Olay Roll Back at  Walmart  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
As lovely as self checkout is at walmart, sometimes you gotta suffer through the line 😤 
Amazon dominance will backfire, Fmr. Walmart USA CEO says  
i still think the highlight of my brother almost-speaking is the time at walmart two old ladies walked past and he went "old people stink"
 darylhernandez_ PREACH THIS SHIT, My gf prefers walmart over target and I hate that she does!
You look like the type of guy that would use the womens underwear section of walmart as your own personal whack n snack bar.
I liked a  YouTube video 24 HOUR WALMART CHALLENGE
Hurry guys! Olay Roll Back at walmart💃🏻. I love this product so much, keeping me moisturize all day.  influenster… 
The cup ☕️ the talk of the town Champ. He trying get them in  Walmart  Kmart and  Target as well… 
 Walmart Here's the store and employee name. 
 PalimpsestMan  FormerlyFormer  MarkTrueblood  BlackPilledPete  chrylis  TassiaGrover I'm old enough to remember wh… 
 ohyesitsTK  mighty_bee_  MLCosmetic I got mine at walmart
Drake Bell really did age like every expired dairy product in walmart was mixed into one product, then resold...and then that too expired...
 Educ8tusAll Agree! I don't shop at Walmart or Amazon. You may be able to find this at Bed Bath & Beyond. W/ 20% of… 
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART Grocery Shopping 7/27/17 ~  47 Out of MY Pocket!!!
Walmart opens new small-format prototype in Metro East 
Keep the kids healthy as they head back to school!!  PURELL  GotItFree  Walmart
Keep everyone healthy this school  year!   PURELL,  GotItFree,  Walmart
 kathygriffin  AP Texas huh, typical.  Take the gun out of your purse and shoot yourself. Oh, the dead Donald Trump… 
why does the walmart on beach street not believe in air conditioning
naked in walmart rough slapping sex 
I skinned my arm up in front of a cute guy at Walmart and couldn't even wince because I didn't want to seem like a wimp in front of him
 8Chuch Ear plugs are like  2 at Walmart lol
Chanel vs Walmart 
 mtv  vma  KatyPerryVMAs 
Walmart really has me fucked up
Lady Catches Her Husbands Side Chick at Walmart! 
Walmart and the World Wildlife Fund have teamed up to gather better food waste data. 
Never worked at Walmart
this one pot place is bigger then Walmart,,, no lie
Walmart - Monitor Led 21,5" Samsung S22e310 Widescreen Full Hd - R   579 ,00    5x De R   115,80  Sem Juros… 
Just found  20 in Walmart 😌
i went in walmart to buy a canvas and they were playing twenty one pilots that's it i'm done man
 melinaanguyen thanks mel even though someone called you a walmart version of me 😩😩😩💗
 megsauce  ksheely I was gonna say, this belongs on a Walmart cake. 
"The Walmart version of o2l" ZACH GOOFY
2 women just called n said their carrier delivers the paper in a Walmart shopping cart n "must be a stoner cause hes always out to lunch!"
Mina just called me to ask me where the isle for hand soap is in Walmart ... then she left bc she couldn't find it 💀💀💀
A man is accused of sexually assaulting a boy in a Chippewa Township Walmart on Tuesday. 
 purell  gotitfree We are ready to fight germs in school with Purell Advanced Hand Sanitizer available at  Walmart!
Bought edible cookie dough at Walmart no baking needed🙌🏼 thank you god for answering my prayers
 MuyChingonaa Miss you! I'm at Walmart rn and this is on sale for  9. I freaked out 
Went to west leb earlier today while wearing my patriots gronk shirt & about 20 people yelled "GRONK!!" while I was walking through Walmart
today i drove an extra 10 minutes to a walmart that had self checkouts so i didn't have to stress about talking 2 people this is healthy yes
 ChefQueenie Thank u sweetie. I absolutely refuse to buy from Walmart & my business with Amazon is dwindling as wel… 
What if companies traded employees at a deadline like baseball...target traded 2 clerks to Walmart for 2 warehouse… 
I'm in Walmart and I just heard the friends theme song this is great (also i don't actually watch friends but I love the theme)
 corbynbesson You were in my hometown at Walmart I'm SHOOK .
 nickcebs  c_goodson3 Where was this taken? Bass Pro Shop or the Walmart in Garner, I can't tell
 FlexBrowne  JordanUhl He's not wrong... McDonalds and Walmart are capitalist giants at work.
 Walmart You just gotta accuse folks of theft huh? You hire incompetent people. 
 AMZN has a ways to go before it catches up to Walmart and other mega-retailers in terms of profits generated over… 
 JOB Pharmacy Sales Associate - Walmart 
I hate Walmart so much
Man Accused Of Sexually Assaulting Boy In Walmart Bathroom  Pittsburgh 
 Walmart  Chile workers vote to go on strike. Solidarity ✊ 
Happy Friday to all‼️ Churro Mania will be at 📍Walmart Kendall from 2-12PM Friday Saturday and Sunday ‼️ Hope to... 
I just saw a girl walking into Walmart with a big shirt and just panties ummmm wtf
Ever Since New York; 5/10

-Pretty average
-If anything it's the Walmart version of Tell Me Something I Don't Know by Selena Gomez
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART EMPLOYEES ATTACKED US! (COPS CALLED)
Why do smelly people in Walmart always try to talk to and touch my baby?  youstink  iwillberude
 elle_gdmfsob  CharismaMolotov  Gallaecian  Momicaof4  harrisongs58  13matters  brando5112  realDonaldJGump… 
 ThomasLCooke  avilaem99  thehill  realDonaldTrump I think they have one of those incorporated into the Crown Royal… 
it's real "see  cod_de_la_cod at Walmart" hours

smash that mf friendship react
Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike. 
Happy Friday to all‼️ Churro Mania will be at 📍Walmart Kendall from 2-12PM Friday Saturday and… 
adult anatomy girls of walmart porn movies 
 soufesha  UnicornHunni I'm bout to go to Walmart who wants to come
 walmarthelp There was none to be found. Like always. This Walmart constantly has expired food. The funny thing is… 
Slimey Laquifa goes to walmart
Publix got good food & good girls fuck Walmart
Reg. First day back   Walmart 😂
Devon just brought me to Walmart           Out of the blue 🙂😂
Local woman arrested for using counterfeit money at Shepherdsville Walmart 
i literally can't go to walmart without buying some flowers
I need a nap. And to call the telus guy. And to go to walmart. Ugh 😴
 walmarthelp  Walmart but that's okay because it was so frustrating that I just want it to be over. It took enough of my time. /rantover
sex 3d vip girls exposed in walmart 
Walmart ..
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
These folks at Walmart be close as hell
The T.V. in the [living room] is paused on how  Walmart is laying people off.
Whetstone Cutlery Double Duece 22" Machete for  11 + pickup at Walmart - 
 walmarthelp  Walmart Finally I through to a very nice customer service rep who refunded my money and apologized fo… 
 Walmart  MoneyGram Yes I have several times. This employee has done this to me numerous times
Twitter timeline posted a news story that "Dollar General" was buying out  WalmartNewsroom   Walmart last year. Contractor for Westwood
 aigkenham  ArkEncounter  CreationMuseum Come on man , anyone can see you clearly photoshopped a checkout line from Walmart. Duh 🙄
Great use of  womma,  socialmediamarketing, and  socialsharing  Walmart 
nude teens in bikinis sexy women of walmart pics 
 walmarthelp  Walmart Guess want. It didn't! So I called. Delivery ppl said it was canceled, so they couldn't deliv… 
 blissfulclari Walmart. The root of all evil.
I always get cold sitting in subway, it's like 10 degrees cooler than Walmart I swear
Bounce Fabric Softener Sheets Only  0.97 at Walmart! - 
 makenzie_koon i was seriously walking to walmart to eventually T.P the fuckin highschool
You lost a good customer today  Walmart 
Returning to store after purchasing online should not be comparable to being skinned alive.
 walmarthelp  Walmart That was the point - I took a day off, it didn't come, and now I have to take another just to… 
 amazon you're not special anymore. You're just like Target, Walmart and the other online retailers.
 FaZeRug  TheFaZeRuig I looked 4 you in the rug section in Walmart you weren't there🤔🤣
 Walmart please dm me
Have a great weekend all!  Went to walmart this afternoon.  Going to play Magic the Gathering tonight at the Game Board.
 SpaceAgePimping I'm not sure. It's a Regular Body Mirror I got from Walmart. I'm 5'8 so maybe a few inches shorter than I.
About to leave Walmart. I'll see you guys when I get home!
For the love of all that is holy can people stop entering through the exit at Walmart  petpeeve  cantyouread
 walmarthelp  Walmart Was told I had to call Walmart for the refund, but Walmart told me I had to take ANOTHER DAY… 
Randomly seeing one of my favourite actors, Christoph Waltz, in Walmart and being rejected for a photo kind of just… 
 corbynbesson Im in walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bayonne, NJ 
Stocking up! (  Walmart in Teterboro, NJ) 
 ZoeNelson5  gutterpunkk Nah good produce is a big deal man I refuse to buy produce from any stores but giant eagle… 
Want to Revive U.S. Manufacturing? Walmart has Some Suggestions   
 walmarthelp  Walmart Scheduled my delivery 10 days ago and it didn't arrive during the window. Called EFWCS and wa… 
 akbars That is very strange. Did you contact the Help Desk for assistance? -Mac
targets international vendors 
Getting my passport photo at Walmart and lemme tell u I shoulda just took a fkn selfie...she doesn't know what she doing at all
Many money hungry, ambitious and bright people want to work for the DT administration for the same reason you ride Uber and shop Walmart.
 El_logical Walmart is cheaper! But make sure you get the instant pot brand. They're better. 6 qt or the mini should be great for 1-3 ppl :)
In Walmart because they're the only ones with ginger beer with the cat on it 😂😂😂 they really got these folks wearing yellow capes smh
 realDonaldTrump cooking to death in a Walmart parking lot seems quite far from a measured success you human rights violating POS.
someone go to Walmart with me and cook dinner with me
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Prescott, AZ 
We are on our  WeeklyTrip to walmart
 Food
 Drawers
 Basketball
 Fishing
A co worker was at Walmart and picked me up a few gifts. I haven't been able to find any so this is nice. 
huge teen orgy hotties of walmart 
 RaiiiJohnson Ima find one on amazon if Walmart doesn't have one locally. Tysm:)
every time i go to walmart i spend money on unnecessary things 🙄
Walmart Files Patent For Video Technology That Tracks ‘Customer Dissatisfaction’ 
Porcelein Pin Happy Floral Border Janitor Lapel Badge - NEONBLOND - 
 MrsPowersStony Learn about Walmart Foundation grants, guidelines and requirements for eligibility at -Jazz
 scopelex  Kevin_Phaisan "You know my momma don't like you ever since you had me at Walmart stealing" 😂😂😂
En Walmart. 
 S_A_Gallegos Oh wow! What part of Walmart? I'd imagine toys?
 blissfulclari In the 3rd picture, isn't a Walmart the center of the star?
Walmart got that music on blast today lmao.
 OriginalFunko Why  OriginalFunko do you continuously give target exclusives? They are the 2nd worst store short of… 
i swear walmart gets me every single time!!
Shout out to  Walmart for having  budlight for damn cheap! 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
What the  Amazon &  Walmart acquisitions could mean for  retail.  steveolenski 
Via  TBoeingrkansas:  Walmart has announced another round of layoffs 
It's a dog eat dog world out there, but "relish" our time in Detroit at the Belleville Walmart this Saturday from 12-5.
It just wouldn't be Walmart if the redneck kids weren't barefoot
 BTS_twt im at walmart and i found the chips ya like how many bags you tryna get 
Lil sis and I found some pretty cool costume heads at Walmart. Seem like they'd be kinda fun to buy. Definitely fun… 
I'm not the only that dreads Walmart right
sitting at walmart in pensacola waiting for my uber & some random guy just said to me "whoever is making u wait is fuckin crazy man" 😂
They take my cash and my debit. Next time I need a rug doctor I guess I'll head to Walmart and btw, fuck you  HomeDepot.
 braandizzle_ it was so hard to find one! I got mine from 
 ReTweet  VideoGame  PS4  Refurbished PlayStation 4 500GB Console 
Saw a mom put her hand around her 10 year old boys neck randomly  in walmart & say "my, you really have a small throat" 😶
I've looked like a person from Walmart since Tuesday. I'm ready to feel better so I can look better. 😂
Excuse me Walmart but why was this shower curtain  16 I'm mad at you
I feel like my friends just ask me to hangout so I can build whatever table/shelf from Walmart. Aleast buy me alch to make it fun.
If you're not on board with Amazon, Walmart, etc be prepared for bombardment from economies of scale. Hard for any mom & pop to survive.
I need to use somebody I'd so I can take this stuff back to Walmart 😩
Bodak yellow is literally the Walmart version of no flocking
 jakendufner It it true you and Mikey are lovers. You guys like to fool around in Walmart bathrooms. lol 
I really like flavored bubbly waters, and you can get a 33.8oz bottle at Walmart for around 68 cents. There's a ton of flavors!
If you can't afford to go to the zoo,  it's free to get into walmart 🙂
 AllettoRatted  GangstersIncWeb  chadsawtelle87  everythingGOTTI  RangersFranky  HoochyboyPaul  JohnMinucci… 
SOMEONE TOOK A SHIT IN THE URINAL AT WALMART IM WEAK
Just spent over  100 at Walmart and did not get even one fun/enjoyable thing that I wanted. Being a grownup is stupid
are we really gonna get bombed can we have at least have end of the world sales at walmart 😔
Walmart Donates 100k Grant to East Texas Food Bank 
One day I will hunt down and kill the man who yelled at me when I was a lost 3-year old in Walmart
 ccliff_9  Walmart The one off Frontage Rd by 75th st
Summer's in full swing, &  Walmart turns up the heat by driving over 3/4 of industry's digital ROI in last 2 weeks!… 
 triggerdavery  corbynbesson or get some walmart weed 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
Walmart built giant towers to solve the most annoying thing about online ordering - coming soon to store near you 
The face you have when it’s  Friday! :D 
Continuing my craft project (at  Walmart Supercenter in Victorville, CA) 
Fun fact I zoomed way in on the AZ one once and there's a Walmart in the middle 
Walmart cancels SNES preorders, blames a glitch  technews 
Just took a wicked shit at  walmart
Anyone else love walking through the candle aisle at Wal-Mart?  walmart  funny  smellgasm  smells
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
 SFVDoula That sounds wonderful! I might try that tonight myself. -Jazz
Walmart unveils manufacturing plan to create 1.5 million new jobs | Fox Business

Outside of Walmart at Uptown.   Uptown Victoria 
When the cashier at Walmart thinks it's funny to stick the cucumber you're buying up his noise and pretends to sneeze it out... no words
Literally dread Walmart
Her response is what Momming On is all about.  MomOn 
Tf in walmart tho 
 KeeleyElise Will it be available in stores for example Walmart or best buy
 sunflowerxvibes I was screaming to! I ain't never seen those in Walmart 🤣
 GrimsToyShow It'd be strange finding a gts brand of toys at Walmart...
this not even in our Walmart😢 
 Marissalynn_05 I saw some at Walmart yesterday! Also if you like highlighters they have a bomb one 😭 it's like  5… 
Hahaha this is true. Free the market!!!! Legalize federally, and make it available at places like Walmart!
Make wee… 
PSAAA::: WHATABURGER SPICY KETCHUP SOLD   WALMART😻😻😻😻😻😻😻 
I always knew  Walmart was an interesting place to  PeopleWatch but now the  BeloitWi employees are wearing capes?… 
hot nude twinks women of walmart 
I'm sobbing in a Walmart 😭😭 see you in Boston!! 
 ScreamTheSorrow HAHAHA you gotta remember we got a walmart & a theater for entertainment. only thing within an hou… 
The workers are employees of Lider, Walmart's main supermarket chain in Chile.  Walmart 
I question your sanity if you go to Walmart today/this weekend.
Walmart confirms it’s canceling every single SNES Classic preorder | The Verge 
My life is a dumpster fire but like in the middle of the empty walmart parking lot so it's not really dangerous and nobody really cares
I called my mom bc she went inside Walmart for toilet paper and she answered, "I know, what beer do you want?" hahah she knows me so well
 DatKidFultz You got them damn Walmart steels or somethin don't ya
I need to go to Walmart .. but you see everyone and their momszz
 n0nmundan3  AlctavistProof I mean we know this already a lot of people who use like foodstamps do work jobs like m… 
 Walmart really  messed up my  FunkoPOP. All you had to do is put them in a bigger box. You'll be heating from me soon
People come to walmart looking like anything
lol there's a re grand opening for mililani Walmart and its hella crowded cause there's a sale smh 🙃🙂
Walmart, ASU promote food waste research 
Conrad's birthday present from Walmart... it's a lot bigger than we thought it would be! I've… 
 BestBuy  Walmart Which reminds me, I look forward to buying my  SNESClassic from you and not  walmart.
Watch This Walmart Loss Prevention Dude Gets Verbally Shredded After Stopping Customer Who Paid For Everything 
Hey  BestBuy, please don't suck like  Walmart and cancel my  SegaGenesisFlashback pre-order.
this nigga wavecap a Walmart bag from the 1800s 
I gotta stop going to Walmart bruh. I'm convinced people have a death wish in the parking lot.
Idk if I fuck my hands up more at Walmart or Moe's 🤦🏽‍♂️
 MySuburbanLife  Walmart This is Mark Hilbert of Germany. This is not on the internet.  I am threatening people? How are you doing this?
Never been more stressed than just now trying to find a parking spot in a nearly full Walmart...it was like the hunger games out there
Try it for yourself!… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to use 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Spartanburg, SC 
Landscapes of groaning living flesh! Taut skin and gnashing teeth!
i am at walmart
BioShock Infinite [MULTI][Update v1.1.22.55730][Incl Clash In The Clouds][WaLMaRT] PC 
Today I will be preordering D2 for PS4 at GameStop to get a fidget spinner. I will then be going to Walmart to buy bleach.
Construction Worker Kids Costume - 
 eatmyaesthetics There better be Walmart for the gates of hell. 
 walmarthelp  Joe_menclature This is true at two separate Walmart locations in Morgantown, WV
Just saw a man in Walmart with a parrot
 MySuburbanLife  Walmart PADS involved in murder of Jon Benet Ramsey, and the Crisis Center got together on it befo… 
 lafcntaine It's meant to be hyperbolic. I also said pre-teens. That 5 to 11 demo loves being on phones and eat up… 
Today in Walmart they played The Ninja Rap by Vanilla Ice from TMNT 2. I kid you not!
. Nickelodeon . BassProShops . Walmart 

How about the  Waboba ball? That is incredible fun. 

 beach  lake  sports
Thx Anthony from  Walmart on Redbank for helping  RonDeVoe pick out the perfect bikes & gear to give to local kids. 
Leave it to kyndle to leave the water running in the sink while going to Walmart to get dish soap
I said I'm sure Walmart got sum
i just saw dyl in walmart surprisingly and it made my day
Literally fuck everything about  Walmart I swear on my life I will never do business there again
In Virginia you can apparently leave your car running while going into Walmart and it won't get stolen.  themoreyouknow  notusedtodecency
Let it be known that on this day I cut my hair at Walmart for  119 pesos.
 Purell  GotItFree available  Walmart keep ur kids healthy & in school with the use of purell advanced sanitizer! Pack it w lunch and snack!
 bobpockrass Target's been moving from nicer Walmart to leftwing Walmart. Unsurprising. Put fans in the seats & eye… 
I need to go to Walmart and get a blow dryer and some hair products .. but I don't even feel like it 😩
 Walmart​ and this chick ask for my   right in front of her friends lol
 "naw Im good I gotta Queen at home 10xs better than u "👋slap my ass
I've just hade a zoo like experience while in a Walmart in Southern Virginia.
School Supplies on sale at Walmart  backtoschool  sale  hsdeals  deals  saving ad 
HOW pop CORN?? walmart
 Circa More ppl I know r sick of poor taste & quality of most GMO veggies sold at Walmart & chain supermarkets. I b… 
 vachilly64  jonicox55  sleeprgirl  ThePinkSlayers  ntvnyr173  myredcar  doubleagent1964  lsmith4680  9piecemixed… 
 Richar_Andrew  merna_yaldo Hey that Walmart creates some entertaining people watching
Walmart can't sell revenge of the fallen. Note that there are even more in the other value bins 
Want to Revive U.S. Manufacturing? Walmart has Some Suggestions 
 horchatajin FUCK YALL WALMART VERSION OF NY WILL GET WHAT IT DESERVES
 YellaSunshine You: "what's goin on, why all these ppl at Walmart so early?"
 Shanewayne28  merna_yaldo And a Walmart
 amcornett  Walmart We can't have that! Tell us what happened. -Mac
 SugahKaiju *whole foods i mean.
As well as walmart(sometimes. It comes in a plastic clamshell box with one lettuce head with similar leaves
 davetheaxe  LukewSavage  McDonalds  Walmart You're just being silly. Your boycotts do nothing to support ppl or delay automation.
 GOP repeal your healthcare waiver. U get premium care we get walmart aisle7!
Olay is rolled back at  walmart. Leaves your skin feeling silky and clean. It also smells amazing.  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
So unnecessary. If he wanted to slide in some damn milkshakes he could've went to Walmart, bought some ice cream &… 
Walmart
How taking the lead on  VR could help  Walmart compete with  amazon 
Please don't stand in the middle of Walmart and have a family reunion  thank you :)
Walmart Chile workers vote to strike 
 Kimbry_Donniell I love their products!! You don't have to order it tho they're in CVS & Walmart now!
walmart anal creampie christian activities for adults 
This world is sure crazy 😜 
 walmarthelp At two separate  Walmart locations in Morgantown, WV, the darker complected dolls are marked down 50%… 
 esunacampana_ go get a kit at walmart it's like  5 max and it kills time ahhahaha
She asked me to take to Walmart so that's what I did lol tf wrong with that ?????
I'm at  Walmart in San Antonio, TX 
 RayYzquierdo7 What's up with Walmart
Clearly Walmart got me fucked up
Come see me from 1-3p at the Zero St Walmart! 
.94 Kid's Crest Toothpaste at Walmart! -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
When U go to Walmart and see school supplies are you happy the kids are going back to school or are u sad that you're gonna be broke again?
Lol YES I GET MY MOMS TIRE ROTAION DONE AT WALMART , KILL ME NOW OR JUDGE ME TO DEATH IDGAF LOL
Carly Rae and FloRida are making a lot of bank from Ford and Walmart with their songs in commercial.
i just left my car running in the pedestrian zone of the walmart parking in the front of the store. fucking fight me.
 Joe_menclature The second doll's price is not visible, but they are the same price on our website: -Mac
In the Walmart bathroom feelin like imma contract a disease 🤢
Nigga you got on tube socks and reeboks with a Walmart shirt, what's street about that Mr.Vineyard? 
This is everyone at Walmart dead ass. 
In my walk through the Walmart parking lot I saw a dog wearing shoes,a woman with a full on pistola in her back pocket & a guy wearing spurs
*de camino a Walmart* thanks 
I'm lost in Walmart pls  vibrant_vee
Walmart gives me PTSD
Let's Talk  5 - Walmart Cancels SNES Pre-Orders | Switch Sales | & More: via  YouTube
 WhatTheFFacts Well, sometimes alligators attack people, or your grandma gets a DUI, or Walmart runs out of Mountai… 
Walmart shit be slow
Most girls weaknesses are shoes, jewelry, or clothes. Not me though... mine is the  5 movie bin at a Walmart.
 JeffBezos Charles County residents stopped 2 Walmart expansions, but I think they'd welcome you buying Maryland Airport and any MD 210 land
New video is up "white trash of Walmart" check it out 
Nice!  Walmart Puts  1.3 Million Toward Stopping Ugly Produce Waste! via  Change
 Walmart  this has been fixed but the company needs to see this.  . not  mint to  cause any trouble this to help im… 
At least three old men have tried to set me up with their sons today. I'm about to walk to Walmart and buy a fake engagement ring
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 Walmart I enjoyed the advertising about the Back to school era time with all the children I'm their action hero ch… 
 HollyWilB I am unable to see the price on the second doll, but they are priced the same on our website -Mac
Check out  JamiesonDiaries personal product cocktail! You can find all of these products at select  Walmart stores!… 
S/o to the girl eating a rotisserie chicken in her car in the Walmart parking lot lol aka me
target, walmart, and 5 below in one day RIP my wallet
yo mcm got a hi-point wit walmart ammo 😭
I just left Walmart and spent  80 on hayven and literally didn't buy myself anything. This is what being a parent is 😅
that sunglasses, the loss of which he laments, is for the enormous majority, a mere training to act as a Walmart 😏
Shiela G’s Brownie Brittle Just  0.98 At Walmart!


Makorra stans are all former zutara stans and that's a fact bc mako is a Walmart zuko
Walmart has the Disney Finding Dory 6V Todller Quad Ride On on sale for  29 (57% off) 
This old man in Walmart was driving one of the things and pulling his wife sitting on one of the walker things
Walmart Chile workers’ union votes to go on strike for higher pay
 Walmart  WalmatChile… 
 valigarmandas but.    theres Constantly birds at the nearest walmart here.
This guy snapped me out of nowhere and said “I saw you at Walmart.” I was like??When?He says “last week” LMAO why he wait so long to say sum
 __CarmelBeauty Every Walmart should have wifi bruh 😂
Just had a crisis in Walmart
Tell me why I had a dream about meeting  DesiPerkins,  lustrelux, and  iluvsarahii at Walmart 💀
i'm at walmart and there's a kid from my school imma act like i don't see them
 DavidLimbaugh Repeal wavier for Congress and others! They get premium hc we get walmart aisle 7!
Walmart Neighborhood Market on  Yelp: This is probably the worst Walmart neighborhood store I've ever been in my li… 
 Commodity52now  LukewSavage  McDonalds  Walmart By supporting people I'm right wing?you serious? What fucking plan… 
I don't be seeing how mfs be gettin hit 17 times & still be alive.. mfs & them walmart bullets 😂🤦🏾‍♂️👎🏾
i downloaded walmart where shopping is a pleasure minecraft and don't remember how to open it anymore 
By 2040, someone will race a throwback of Bill Elliott's last Cup start in the Walmart car.  NASCAR  FBF 
Half gallons of  organic whole milk hit lowest price of 2017  OrganicValley  WholeFoods… 
 sylv_jih  KinleeCobel_  huntinhannah 8  at walmart in athletic area! Its called a sauna suit. Comes with jacket an… 
imma go to walmart and price match my beats order
 theyloveeriya Sonic, walmart, dunkin donuts, old Chicago, bww, fazolis, long john silvers, target, tj maxx, wendy's, popeyes
  Walmart Black And Decker Car Battery Charger Cc4294   
I don't see why people beg for money outside Walmart when Walmart's hiring inside 🤔
 willdaniel_tx Walmart isnt a personality!! Just so u know.. Thats a look😂😂
Lifetime Tamarack 120 Angler 10-Foot Kayak for  215 + pickup at Walmart
http:
Ahahaaaa I jus spent 100  at Walmart on just college stuff & I don't think I'm even half way ready
Just heard a woman ask why Walmart didn't have gluten free laundry detergent
These Are the Most Popular Drugstore Lipstick Shades Across America  leonardsimpsonTV  fashion
Ameristep Tripod Stool for  8 + pickup at Walmart - 
These Walmart employees are killing me with this capes on
walmart bitches in porn tube cliphunter free porn movies 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Benson, AZ w/  alkhudhairxx 
These Are the Most Popular Drugstore Lipstick Shades Across America  Fashion  Beauty
 NPR I thought Walmart killed the mom and pop shops a long time ago.
goin have kaitlyn either take the train home or drive her own self home w my sisters walmart moped🤷🏼‍♀️
. Walmart wth guys 
HOT!! Star Wars Air Drone  23! (WAS  110!!)  Hot_Deals  Walmart  breakingnews  buynow  cheap 
most underrated activity in west virginia: people watching the walmartians at walmart
 MNDarkSuds  alexschief F-in' Walmart, oops.  shouldhavethoughtofthat
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Daytona Beach, FL 
 megatdanial Go to Walmart
 DeanBaker13 Consider, currently if Walmart wanted to build leading edge online retail it would likely have to use… 
 RedLiq_ Always omg u need a construction worker phone from Walmart their un breakable
These Are the Most Popular Drugstore Lipstick Shades Across America In honor of National Lipstick Day, Walmart jus…
Walmart need to fix the air and wifi moe 😒
 Archivic_  Jacks_Tigers  GameStop  coopdog1086  Ryu_pls  BananaSlapdick I just go to Walmart dude. Lol
One cashier and 7-8 people in line. Could this be Walmart's way of deterring people from returning items?
 GrantEnfinger  poconoraceway Go get one at Walmart like we did on our family vacation in Michigan 😂
 CareOneMgt Wonderful! Thank you for bringing everyone in to see us! Hope your residents had a great day out. -Valerie
 jnsswb You got it wrong (BPD). You don't know what it is. Your turn to 'save face'. Dr 😂I doubt you could even cope working in Walmart!
There's so many people at the Walmart gas station 🙄
If it’s an item on your list, they’ll make sure it won’t be missed. Shop, snap 📷 and share!  PhotoFriday… 
Image from ToyWatch Fluo XL White - 
. ShepPolice bust  woman passing counterfeit cash at  Walmart. More fake bills found once she arrived at jail.… 
7/28 Truckload  12401 
 MNDarkSuds  mjmattsui Costco is in a Seattle suburb, but Walmart is correct!
 DouchebagBatman  DoNatoBomb If you see its DVD at a Walmart ever again, do an about-face and walk the other way, ha.
 jess_2073 Come on getcha some down at Walmart😉
I somehow survived the 7th circle of hell AKA taking 4 kids to Walmart  Summer2017
Bout to go to hell . I mean Walmart 😂
nude walmart hard blowjobs 
 mairabay Thank you, Maira! Happy to hear that you enjoy the flavor and the price point. Copying in  WalmartCanada… 
Famous Amos Chocolate Chip  Cookies, 12 Ct. - Just 33¢ Per Bag  snacks  desserts 
Walmart sells fursuit heads now (i didnt buy it lol) 
 corbynbesson a walmart one direction
KICKED OUT FROM WALMART!!! (SECURITY CALLED!!): via  YouTube
These Are the Most Popular Drugstore Lipstick Shades Across America  Beauty_Makeup 
Well I had a weird experience at Walmart.
 alexschief  mjmattsui Walmart is in bumfuck Arkansas, no?
HOT OFF THE PRESS: Walmart's Magnet - Gun Theft up 175% - Walmart Layoffs - 25% of Malls | Read the new Daily:… 
hello i am at WALMART i want to   die
 DavidMorris9656  jonfeng1  Walmart No such thing as too tight. Ask Wilmer Difo
 ppalmer316  PhotogMarc_ent  NancyWCVB  Henn827  mikesacconetv  bostonsportsdsk That's everywhere in Brockton, but… 
 ProfessorDoye You were in a WalMart and you wanted to see everyone running around to chase the rolling Loonies.
 KirinDave Shopify, Girhub, Coursera, NYT, FB, TaskRabbit, Pinterest, Twiter, Yelp, Walmart

Batching requests to s… 
I have to get new foundation after work tonight from Walmart and I'm so stressed because I have pics 2morrow and I don't wanna be orange 😩
 SmarmyJerkface Brb gotta run to Walmart
 DoNatoBomb  MBarone Didn't this hit video awhile back? Could have sworn I saw this collecting dust at Walmart some time.
Also, no card stores near me carry this. Walmart doesn't. Target doesn't. So I guess.. I just go back to being depressed. Word. Thanks 👍🏼
 BaySelf Uh this has to be another Walmart besides potosi.  nohotdudesthatwork
Peeps (and me) are waiting for torrential rain to pass at walmart before running to the cars. Them: LOOK AT THE RAI… 
Imma just leave this right here
Baby registry 
Name Tatianna 
Lname Humphrey
State Georgia
Tnx Twitter Fam 😘😘😘
I didn't see the cute cashier today at walmart 😪
Walmart parking lot  carmods  modauto  modbargains  showcar  cars  carenthusiast  Automotive 
I'm in me Walmart cart, vroom vroom 
 ThickFilA Tbh walmart sucks the soul and money out of american people by hoarding money and paying low ass wages
 jonfeng1  Walmart Did not.  They only had small
20 People Who Show Us That Walmart Is Another World Entirely - The Change Post 
I need to go to Walmart and get food😭
But y'all I got this pure leaf diet tea at Walmart an oml it's so good??? 
My Walmart be having some bad bitches working here
Nah I think the embassy is even worse than Walmart 
Why is Walmart the first thing I think about when I get paid??
couples seduce teens anal real walmart girls porn 
 DeAngelisMark good, but it'll be on that bookshelf near the cash at Walmart full of books by people no one's heard of.
 H3terotr0n I don't even work at Walmart and it sucks the soul outta me 😭
Well that truck at Walmart wásnt America
Watch This Walmart Loss Prevention Dude Gets Verbally Shredded After Stopping Customer Who Paid For Everything… 
Watch This Walmart Loss Prevention Dude Gets Verbally Shredded After Stopping Customer…  fail  funny  arab  kuwait
Watch This Walmart Loss Prevention Dude Gets Verbally Shredded After Stopping Customer Who Paid…  customer_service
The  Walmart-owned  Jet is installing “smart locks” in 1,000 buildings to smooth out the package delivery process  
Some girl stopped me at Walmart just to tell me she liked my outfit :')
It's bad enough I'm at Walmart now I hear M*** being played 
 ThickFilA Walmart sucks my soul out of me as soon as i turn into the lot.
Masks on sale at WalMart. One step closer to being the REAL Pooh... 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Asheville, NC 
She said ‘we’re going to kill’ all Muslims in a Walmart parking lot. Now she’s fired. OK 4 MUSLIMS 2 CALL KILLINGS?
My levels of irrational anger increase exponentially every minute I'm at Walmart  hell  waytoomanypeople
Take a look at what I found at What do you think?  FREE 2 DAY SHIPPING
"There's a Walmart in Ohio?" -my 7yr old sister
I forgot where I parked my car at the Seabrook Walmart… Everyone there on heroin look smarter than me today 👌
 yellowdimond i like that lipton peace tea..im ordering 2 cases from walmart
Walmart a hot spot on tax-free weekend for school supplies 
 AND_IM_GONE How many times have you smelt your own foot at Walmart in one trip???
Tripod Stool for  8 + Free store pickup -  TripodStool  Home  USA  Walmart 
Bir  YouTube videosu beğendim: POOTER PRANK! - People of Walmart - Farting in Public
Everyone OK After Rollover Crash By Springfield Walmart 
Watch This  Walmart Loss Prevention Dude Gets Verbally Shredded After Stopping…  woaf  found
Walmart is adding giant automated towers that retrieve online orders to 100 stores 
Why doesn't Walmart carry Nike crews
it took me 20 minutes to get from walmart to wendy's and all i wanted was some chicken nugs 🙄 i hate kenton
Jakks Big-Figs 49″ Stormtrooper Figure for  35+ pickup at Walmart 
Walmart will hire you 
Retweeted King Hookiss ( KingHookiss):

 housemusic EP is  Soldout    Walmart
U can  download it here:... 
Deadass someone at Walmart is watching Yuri on Ice
 Retacof If Walmart knew their customers there would a tattoo parlor in the front of every Walmart rather than a bank.
Ronnie DeVoe teamed up with the Red Bank Walmart for the bikes, backpacks, school supplies & helmets 😀Each one spec… 
More Walmart cuts....  they can call it what they want but they're not doing as well as they'd like you to think:

Smoker Clearance at Walmart – Megathread – YMMV - 
 corbynbesson Walmart wifi
sitting at the beach with brayden and some man comes up and goes "hey you're the Walmart man!!" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
freedom is being able to go to Walmart to buy bomb pops at any time u want
We be in Walmart for hours 🙄 it be agg !
 FEDERALIST_PA  Trunthepaige  NickAdamsinUSA This isn't Walmart, it's the military. If some1 scores 99 on ASVAB, an… 
Come help us STUFF the POLICE CAR!  Starting tomorrow morning at 10:00 AM, at the Ocoee Walmart!  The WOLF will... 
70 % of Americans think it is important to buy U.S.-made products, 37 % said they wouldn't pay more for U.S. goods 
Couple Mocks Struggling Mom At Walmart. What This Woman Does Next Leaves Them Speechless 
 CosmicMoonbeam0 I'm currently in Walmart and it's a ZOO
Is it dinnertime yet?  FoxHollowBlog is ready to host company! 
They everywhere, gas stations, clubs, Walmart 
Walmart should do birthday party registries.
women of walmart porn tube ashley charm school nude 
 TatiOnYourRadio  Jamn957  sdccu Walmart in Clairemont Hosting a Drive to Provide Children with School supplies Fut… 
 akaSxv Walmart
Literally appalled that I can't even go into  Walmart in Philadelphia MS & send a  moneygram because the cashiers are so rude.  walmart
 DashieXP MAH BOI IM STUCK AT WALMART DONT DO IT 😭😂💖
Every time I go to Walmart I remember why I don't go to Walmart.
They're selling ghetto fursuit heads at Walmart now. 
 corbynbesson Whateva you want. It's Walmart so you can basically get anything
Why is it sooo many people in Walmart!
 litsette i'm at walmart rn where the fuck u at
Shopping  Walmart makes you a trash human being
"Don't worry we will make it a quick Walmart trip" 
 tysurrett got me looking stupid at walmart
2/ While others like  Target  Walmart ..... are facing cost and margin pressures and wondering what's next .......
Walmart – Jul 28 – Aug 12 
2X sanitizing strength of PURELL Advanced Hand Sanitizer vs other's can help reduce school absences   PURELL  GotItFree   Walmart
3 workers from Walmart told me they liked my hair and now I want tot work at Walmart
don't make me start shopping at walmart again, local businesses. i hate that place.
Out of a 30  topps walmart blaster box... 😀😀😀😀  Money_Fanziel  BoeingMFBreakers  Harrisonvogel1 
sexy jewish teens pic of girls in walmart naked 
i need to go get some walmart credit !
 albertthakur  Trunthepaige  NickAdamsinUSA Self-inflicted is self-inflicted. They made a choice to do this to them… 
Walmart stacked me wit hours 👀✅
 CastleSosa  Fly_Young_Josh target aint got shit on walmart
So I was at Walmart and the guy who was at the cash register his name was Ethan😭and his hair was like ethans old hair:(((
Send your thoughts and prayers as both my Super Nintendo Classic and Beats orders got cancelled. Walmart and Barnes and Noble can suck my di
Walmart tilapia processor launches range for the Chinese market 
I thought I saw  Jack_Septic_Eye  in my Walmart so i ran up to the person and hugged them and the man looked at me weirded out.  Fml
Walmart pharmacy slow as fuckkk 😐
Walmart tilapia processor launches range for the  Chinese market 
Is it just me or every Filipino works at Walmart
Walmart vs Prairie Farms. Usually always grab PF BUT  0.96 won today  dairyfarmers  greatmilkdebate 
think imma go to walmart today and print out some posters of me .
Walmart associates must take them. 
 sincerelyhalle Almost any beauty supply store, even at Walmart
I never thought I'd see my nana in the pburg Walmart
 nerdonabudget Yeah, before Walmart bought them I got a lot of good deals from them(bc no tax). Like the 1060 3gb on release week for  170.
Never go grocery shopping in Walmart hungry af😒😒
Was gonna stop by  Walmart today, but remembered they canceled my SNES Classic pre-order. So, I ordered off  amazon… 
 b_rom0 Walmart is the plug I'm telling you
 micahvalerio Sounds like the Walmart brand of Sriracha to me.
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
Been sitting in my car in the Walmart parking lot for 30 minutes now just in my phone. What is wrong with me!
 mommadognan  bobpockrass They do. We shop Walmart and Wayfair for the Williams. Lol
Wal-Mart's Online strategy still seems to be lacking-online inventory quantities don't match in-store stock and this 
Walmart has nothing one the variety of people at the BMV office this afternoon.
hideous kinky sex scene walmart girls nude 
I'm not sure what it is about 92*F, feels like 103*F, makes someone want to pair Uggs with shorts and a tank top. And yes, I am at Walmart.
Fear has no place in your success equation- WhatILearned from  carlaharris at  NatUrbanLeague  GuildLuncheon. Proud… 
Walmart parking lot via Shitty_Car_Mods 
a little boy in the mall just asked his mom if they were in walmart 💀💀💀
Ozark Trail Quad Table for  12 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Walmart  walmarthelp Your customer service & delivery is terrible (8 days or longer to get a TV ordered) no wonder  amazon is at the top.
 recjus85  Brian_Fletcher Probably should delete this tweet before Walmart sees it lol
always tell my mom i'm running to walmart quick but then she calls & i realize i've been in target for 2 hours /-:
Watch Out: That New Walmart Cantaloupe was Developed by Monsanto 
Who loves a good deal?  Walmart is having an  OlayRollBack. Say whatttt?  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart
So glad I didn't wait on Walmart this time. I've had my  SpiderManHomecoming figure for 2 weeks and they still have no SMHC Legends stuff.
 EckrichFlavor  Sweepstakes (7/11 to 8/18)  Win 1  4500 Gift Card. & win 1 of 45  100 Walma… 
If any1 is going 2 marcs or walmart 2day pls let me know 7736336776
 AskAmex you take 💰 in .04 seconds but you take 4+ day to process a merchant return from Walmart. Than put another hold on it for over 36hr.
 aar3y5  Wario64  Walmart They won't be getting anymore of mine.
Went to Walmart to buy a whole new fan bc I thought mine was broken. Turns out it just wasn't plugged in 😕
just received catcalls from the lovely boys in the walmart parking lot and i'm relieved to say that now i can die a happy woman....NOT
 Lahmoses Im at walmart gettin an oil change
 MattGertz His M.O. - He just learned about human trafficking.  Ignores the lives lost in recent human trafficking… 
The universe hates me oh and  Walmart
 stag_shadduck Goin to Walmart just to have something to do. Great valley pastime of fun
I'll call  Walmart if I need assistance. That is where assistance is real. No matter what you need and at a low price.
An older lady at Walmart today told me my hair was "so cute!" and that made me so happy tbh
 JakeGint  julietemmer  The4ngryG4mer  christianainmt  vgman20  KurtSchlichter  SenJohnMcCain  SenMajLdr How much d… 
About to go to Walmart get me some spinach dip and stuff to make Alfredo
Samsung J7 Case Walmart 
 DanaLovesMeth  Brian_Fletcher That's where I stop when I go to Daytona being hat s it's across he street lol. Prob… 
 TancSade please help, back to school/college and replace after fire.  
There was a lady at Walmart singing Christmas songs 
 ochocinco dude target rules why are you making it sound like walmart?
THERES A BIRD IN WALMART 
My Walmart FINALLY got more 8x10 white picture frames! Framing all my favorite motivational… 
Where in the heck can I buy postcards around Hillsborough???? Post Office doesn't carry them.... Walmart didn't have any.... any ideas?
 alexschief Walmart?
 TaylorJelise Yea but Walmart have em cheap too
 corbynbesson The WalMart kart 😂
I only go to Walmart to see the people in capes shits fucking sick 
Can't ever go into that damn Walmart on Craig without running into one of the homies! 😂  Deon_Whiteside
Dawg the Walmart in Ypsi got the employees rapping to us and running in them damn capes 
Maybe Health Care Bill can fix this. I order from "Walmart" 10 items from different venders and get 1bill. Why can't a Hospital SEND 1 bill?
I pray to god North Korea doesn't try some dumb shit. We can turn their whole country into a Walmart parking lot in like 10 minutes.
 corbynbesson What don't you need from Walmart
I swear last Friday I spent  100+ eating out. I just spent  93 at Walmart and bought food that can last me the whole week.
McDonalds said no to me to. So did Walmart. Try places like Walgreens. 
 mcegators Need book bins for books or kids? Walmart by Katy Mills!!! 
Going to Sam Hunt tn and half of me wants to look cute, the other half wants to wear this bright yellow Ricky Bobby Walmart shirt I just got
 100 Walmart gift card give away! Post a classified ad at and follow us on twitter for deta… 
Interesting!!! (at  Walmart Supercenter in Ottawa, OH) 
 influenster  contest  olayatwalmart Olay body wash on roll back at Walmart! Hurry & pick up yours for super soft skin before they're gone!
 PokeyisGreat I'm now imagining her going around Walmart on one of those scooters
 Sageresque  zerohedge Rly it's 32!? Yeah, I know Target and Walmart are big abusers of this.
 TheeCrunch Go to Walmart at night & walk down the rows. They give you them for free suuusss
 AnnCoulter What city was that Trucker headed to, that was found in a Walmart parking lot with dead illegals in it?… 
Most terrorists don't have hijabs and brown skin. They have white skin and wear clothes from walmart.
 JPig61  BuckCityBreaks  bernalbroscards  DubMentality  Trips1010  AlexK245  JonathanBCoker If you can find the Wal… 
 whydontwemusic Wait didn't corbyn tweet what he should get from Walmart earlier
Walmart Clearance Find: Char-Griller Akorn Smoker & Grill Just  139 (Regularly  247) 
 Walmart opens new small-format prototype in Metro East 
I bought a thing of iced Starbucks coffee from Walmart today and I've never been happier
📍Karma's Closet is located at 3153 Berlin Tpke, Newington. We're across the street from Walmart… 
Bears come in several colours from Walmart
Wow Walmart really got employees wearing capes lmaooooooo
 sickvapetrick i know its,,, awful, theres like 12 different churches in from walmart to the bridge and we have, a… 
I'm at  Walmart in Panama City, FL 
LOOK THIS THAT I USE AND ITS EVEN PROMOTED AT (WALMART) nearest to you

You just followed my sister. Wish that was me 😬😂We're in the middle of Walmart and she's flipping out 😂  TGFbro  RomellHenryTgf  JayFromTGF
Nothing quite tests my salvation like the people of Walmart.
By sheer coincidence of how the bus routes are laid out the Walmart 3x as far away actually takes a few minutes less to get to
so help me God if the Walmart here doesn't have my beer
I'll just sit over here with my laptop that my parents got for me from Walmart for like 30 
What do you think of this move by Walmart?  Should they have that kind of authority? 
Now Playing: Friday Night Cranks - Drunk in Walmart Prank Call tune in now! 
Walmart: Iron Patio Hanging Porch Swing  99.99 (Reg.  299) + FREE Shipping 
Why did Carter just ask me if he could bring an iced capp into Walmart?????
Official: Deputies apprehend robbery suspect in York Walmart parking lot 
My Walmart Edit 
 dacnm4390 You can provide that kind of input right here: -Mac
sexy super hero costume free nude girls of walmart 
Walmart game of skate part 2 
So easy and convenient! PURELL,  GotItFree and available  Walmart.
Walmart game of skate part 1 
 whydontwemusic Didn't Corbyn and Jonah already tweet??? Corbyn was going to Walmart??? 😂😂😂
this walmart in mountain view <
Y'all Walmart be having the longest lines 😒
Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike - Reuters 
only spent  99 on all these goods   Walmart 😎😎 fuck a brand name !!! 
 whydontwemusic but corbyn tweeted earlier about walmart did he not
MTI: "Did you buy my action figure at Walmart?!"

Recruit: "No Sir"

MTI: "THEN WHY ARE YOU PLAYIN' WITH ME BOY!!!" 
Spent roughly 2 hours in the new Walmart and I ain't even mad. It's beautiful in there 🙊
Hi  Walmart I bought an Aux cable in one of yr shops in OR but it already broke? I don't have the receipt anymore, can I exchange it in WA?
Another business acquired by a huge retailer. It's always a struggle for independent businesses to stay ahead of... 
 corbynbesson Me  😏 nah jk im too good for walmart 😂😂😂
 dantenian19 That would certainly be upsetting. Please visit and leave the details so we can review them. . -Mac
Justin Simpson Spotted Shopping And Smiling At Walmart … : .,, 
Deltran Battery Plus Charger 1 Bank 12V True Gel Cell - 
 Spoiled_Kay I need to make my way to Walmart here hopefully they're  0.25 also
 whydontwemusic didn't corbyn tweet out what he should get from walmart?
Come visit us at Mililani Walmart's Grand Reopening!  We will be here til 3pm today!  
You're also the same rude bitch that said "just because you're obese doesn't mean you can ride the karts" at Walmar… 
Say hello to ur new Walmart employee hoes
tryna wife up the walmart guy
 aurahack i don't think i've ever been so genuinely mad at something as Dan saying that Walmart is "good for consum… 
WOW, 50¢ Gerber Pure Water at Walmart! -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
 WildGammer walmart
I live in walmart
Jesus I just walked by a white boy calling his mama a bitch in Walmart.
Great day in  ferret land. Found in the La Mesa walmart parking lot. Have you read todsys La… 
 RedGhost312 You will need to contact the Help Desk directly  about a return/refund. -Mac
I got to the Walmart part and I'm thankful for Pocketcasts' 30 second skip forward feature.
I hate coming to Walmart 🙃
A guy at Walmart tried to be a jack ass when I was getting oil and acted like I didn't know I was doing. My daddy taught me right, thanks. 🙃
 Philatticus Am way me than a mile away but: Same. Bet that Walmart in King George will be packed.
Going to a party this weekend🍹 Whip up some Sweet & Spicy Crock Pot  Meatballs  Walmart  Kroger  Safeway get recipe… 
GO GET SOME SHIT AT WALMART!! OK???
Daler Rowney ( watercolor) :  worldwatercolormonth 
Definitely smoking a blunt in Walmart tomarr
I'd forgotten how bad the Walmart returns line can be.
Reuters: "Wal-Mart looks overseas for online vendors" Pivots away from Made-in-America campaign. TYPICAL & SHAME!!… 
Soooo... I tired this new things I saw at Walmart to shave your eyes brows instead of waxing them... and I just shaved most of mine off🙄😒😂
I just spent too much damn money in Walmart 😭that's why ion need to go in there
I just experienced a Walmart vs. Chanel situation today. I watched the You da baddest mv and then the LOYALTY. mv... poor nicki...
 Kawaii3dRoofie  Wario64 They're still at my Walmart. I'm actually almost about to get my paycheck and get one soon.
offonoff' music was so good that i dreamt that i saw yugyeom at walmart and i was with my d*d and stepmom for some reason
I used my lunch break to go to Walmart and didn't even find what o needed 🙃
 jab50yen  Wario64 Just watch Walmart cancel all of the orders.
All these kids getting ready to go to college in Walmart and I'm just like run while you still can
Walmart Foundation Grants  500000 to UNCF to Strengthen Historically Black Colleges and Universities - Benzinga 
Look what I found  Walmart 
 dosafyre  Google  Microsoft  amazon  Apple  Starbucks  IKEA  HP  Walmart Light bulbs that don't light, longer show… 
 capronfunk Do funk it challanges in walmart
Alex  watercolors:  worldwatercolormonth 
We know where 2 places are at this festival, Walmart & the liquor store. 💯🤷🏽‍♀️ that's all we need.
 Vikkkkkkk the Walmart brand lemon line seltzer is the 🌊
Give me a cape and I shit you not I will work for Walmart the rest of my life. I'll wear that cape with pride damni… 
Smartphone Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) 4034 de R  489.0 por R  264.99
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
i just got my cartilage pierced at warrenton walmart for  13  bargainshopper
Walmart Chile workers vote to strike  stocks  wallstreet  money
Come out to Walmart in VB and fill the bus for  UnitedWay w/  PointerCheer  VBSDDance  TDPointer 
Catch in Walmart with a du rag and tiny pants
 BankofAmerica is like the  walmart of banks. 2 tellers on a Friday dude!? Only here cuz I have to be. Ugh… 
Dead Rising 4 por R  39,90 no Walmart, aproveitem!!!! 
 Wario64 theory that walmart released pre orders one week early before any one else did so todays the day
Walmart – Jul 28 – Aug 12-2017 
Now at Walmart.
fucking hate Walmart
 ffiggs Could you give me the item number so I can confirm whether it was from Walmart or a vendor on our site? -Mac
I hate going to the Walmart by my house 🙄
A 64-year-old Freeport man is accused of stealing about  300 in men’s clothing from Walmart 
I treated myself to some Transformers blind boxes at Walmart and my only regret is that I didn't get more grumpy bo… 
 dosafyre  Google  Microsoft  amazon  Apple  Starbucks  IKEA  HP  Walmart Wow. Liberal companies embracing liberal… 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Neighborhood Market, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
MTI: "Did you buy my action figure at Walmart?!"
Recruit: "No Sir"
MTI: "THEN WHY ARE YOU PLAYIN' WITH ME BOY!!!" 
So they don't have to pay for health benefits.  Stock is over 1000 a share.  Worse than Walmart! 
An older couple in walmart just stopped me and told me I have a beautiful smile. My heart is so full😭😊😊
 GDgeek  GalGadot  PattyJenks Ooooh... *runs to Walmart*
These  0.25 notebooks from Walmart are gone really come in handy.
Sitting at  Walmart for 2 hours waiting for new tires. Was supposed to be done 30 minutes ago. Now telling me 60 more. UNACCEPTABLE!
 carlienicoleyl this is jessie. we rescued her from outside a walmart. she's a princess, waits until i tell her "go… 
I can't believe I like this fucking Walmart brand cracker 
Can you recommend anyone for this  job? Peak Time Teller (19 Hours/ Week; Evening, Weekends & Holidays) -... - 
Price Returns vs Expected Daily Move  BoeingBoeing  AAL  NFLX  DAL  WYNN  CMG  Walmart  UAL  RAD  P  AMZN  SBUX… 
Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 
 jennica_toms  PlugPowerInc  wind4me But not broken. News on  GenSure.. and  GenKey about… 
 DJIA WKLY Best performance  Boeing  VZ  CAT  Walmart  CVX  DIS  P&G  Merck  KO Worst  MMM  UTX  JNJ  NKE  IBM  GE  MSFT  CSCO… 
All 51 Dividend Aristocrats  TGT  TROW  VFC  WBoeing  Walmart  XOM  ABBV  ABT  ADM  ADP  AFL  APD  BCR  BDX  BEN… 
 Walmart This 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin 
Still a very GOOD week for the DJIA +1.16% w/ strong  Boeing  VZ  CAT  Walmart  CVX outperformance, all up more than 4.5% o… 
If AWS is  AMZN's cash cow, if corps were smart they'd agree to drop AWS like  Walmart. I don't think that would be con… 
All 51 Dividend Aristocrats  TGT  TROW  VFC  WBoeing  Walmart  XOM  ABBV  ABT  ADM  ADP  AFL  APD  BCR  BDX  BEN 
Citigroup CEO touts Costco partnership  cost  fb  wmt  amzn  tgt  Shld MOJO
It's a stock-pickers market again. Recent winners include  NFLX  Walmart Apple  TSLA  BoeingBoeing  COST

Free Trials, hitting swing winners since 2006
The workers are employees of Lider, Walmart's main supermarket chain in Chile.  Walmart 
BLOCK TRADE:  Walmart 600,000 shares    79.78 [15:44:16]  BlockTradeAlert
Top story: charliebilello - YoY Revenue Growth...
 AMZN: +25%
 Walmart: +1%
 BBY: +… see more 
Top Holdings Among The Market's Best Dividend Fund   Intel  PEP  CSCO  MO  IBM  MCD  MMM  Walmart  AMGN  ABBV  Boeing  BMY


It's a stock-pickers market again. Recent winners include  Boeing  Apple  TSLA  NVDA  BoeingBoeing  Walmart

Free Trials, hitting swing winners since 2006
 AMZN  GOOG  Google  MSFT  Walmart:

How Do I Hate Thee, Amazon? Let Me Count the Ways:


Sam Walton: Made In America by Sam Walton:  Walmart  COST  SHLD  walmart
Dow's Top Gainers Becoming Bubbly?  Apple  MCD  Boeing  V  Walmart  CAT  JNJ  HD  MSFT  Apple  Boeing 
Dow's Top Gainers Becoming Bubbly?  Apple  MCD  Boeing  V  Walmart  CAT  JNJ  HD  MSFT 
Walmart Chile workers vote to strike  Walmart 
Walmart Chile workers vote to strike  Walmart
 AMZN  GOOG  Google  MSFT  Walmart:

It’s Time to Sell Amazon:


 AgloeCapital If you REALLY wanna feel like you're taking crazy pills, have a look at owner… 
 Read my JBP review - following his stock alerts I made  50K !!  BBY  FSLR  Walmart  WNR
 Walmart anybody have ideas as to why Retail is not up today?
 Walmart  FB:

Walmart’s Chile Workers Vote to Strike Unless They Get Higher Wages:


 Walmart Wal-Mart de Mexico Slips Despite 'Solid' Q2 Earnings 
Analyzing Ingles Markets,  IMKTA & Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 
ALERT: New MACD signal created on  Walmart - Buy at 79.71 - Time: 17:46 - Strength: 8. Powered by 
 mikel1211  Walmart exactly what I've been saying for months! Welcome to the cut throat thin Margin world of Brick/Mortar grocery  AMZN, SHORT!
 Walmart:

Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike:


Memo to  Walmart give up the dividend. stop making money and paying taxes. reinvest in your business maybe your stock goes to  1,000
 Walmart:

Walmart opens new small-format prototype in Metro East:


Want 3 millionaire stock traders watchlists for FREE?  AUPH  COUP  TWTR  WFM  ARIA  GNK  Walmart  JDST  SPY
If you’re not making money in this market & want consistency, try our team    FB  NFLX  AMZN  Google  TSLA  Walmart  GS
Cryptocurrencies: Approaching An Epic Crash  cryptocurrencies  bitcoin  BITCOMP  AMZN  Walmart  PZZA… 
 carlquintanilla  JRogersK And that is when it Transitions from High Growth to just being  Walmart 2.0?  LaMonicaBuzz  RedDogT3
Is Winter Coming For Amazon Shareholders Amid Big Investments?  AMZN  NFLX  Walmart  MSFT  Google
 NFLX  MSFT  Google  AMZN  Walmart:

Is Winter Coming For Amazon Shareholders Amid Big Investments?:


 Walmart  AMZN  WFM:

Amazon dominance will backfire, Fmr. Walmart USA CEO says:


 AMZN  GS  MSFT  Walmart:

Why Wall Street Is Sticking With Amazon Despite Its Big Miss This …:


Will  Walmart end up just buying  JD and some how the Chinese gov't will approve the deal w/ our administration?   HalftimeReport  dickchanos
The  760 billion US CP&G industry still struggles to sprint: Unit sales flat to down since '08… 
The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life:  stocks  investing  trading  KO  Walmart  BRK-A  SPY  Apple  P&G
Jason Bond Stock Picks FREE ALERTS TRIAL!!   SQBG  BFAM  LBTYK  Walmart  CWEI  REGN  MXL
 uaddt Strong volume thus far, for a Friday in July. Some end-of-month short-covering is probably in-process, post  Walmart news.
Walmart Top news - Jul 28th, 2017  Walmart 
William S. Simon - Fmr  Walmart blasted  AMZN on  FoxBusiness 
He failed to admit that Walmart online looks like crap, has not changed in years.
 Walmart  AMZN As I've been saying for weeks and weeks, welcome to the jungle of Brick and Mortar AMZN. Short AMZN an... 
 Kingpin_15  thebrandindex Shhhhhhhh..... 80.   Walmart
Wal-Mart  Walmart market alert: 6-week high   79.87 
HUGE FYI!  aapl  amzn  baba  crm  pep  agn  ibm  msft  ge  gm  ba  aa  goog  googl  wynn  k  kr  cost  k  pg  tgt… 
 AMZN earnings are a joke. It will NEVER make enough money to justify its stock price.  BuyerBeware  Walmart
 JeffMacke  ReformedBroker In the 30 years after  Walmart listed on NYSE (August 1972), FactSet says it gained 41,100%,… 
"The questions on the  AMZN calls are far more important than the answers"  jimcramer  CNBC 

 Walmart  ORCL  MSFT  GOOG
"I think Azure has declared war," says  jimcramer on AWS's margins down. He says even  Walmart could be pressuring customers NOT to use AWS.
Finally  CNBC relenting that competitors like  Walmart  MSFT  GOOG  ORCL etc could be having impact on  AMZN
 michaelsantoli  ReformedBroker Wal-Mart first 30yrs: 75k %. Don’t have a total return number. Gotta be neck and ne… 
"The  AMZN press release was useless to me except the list of clients they got"  jimcramer  CNBC

 XRT  RTH  Walmart  ORCL  JeffBezos
MUST READ: A 10x undervalued stock on the rise:  Walmart  PBR  TOT  UAL  GNW  TCEHY  MPEL  IMUC  MDGL  ANV
 bizboyle  business u who,  Shep
since  YahooFinance stopped me from commenting on the  Walmart stock board site I just… 
With that miss / guide  AMZN should be down 10%

Breach 50-day ~  1,000 def possible 

 XRT  RTH  Walmart  BoeingBoeing  TGT  HD  BBY  BBBY  GNC  WFM  T
7/28 52-Week Hi Watch List:  DIA  P&G  EXC  TWX  CAT  AMGN  Boeing  NXPI  DE  WMB  EWJ  UVXY  SIRI  HYG  SGMS  NRG  Walmart  CLVS  RCII  SPY  trading
 jimcramer  FB should acquire  TGT and take on  AMZN &  Walmart Zuck is the only one who can do it
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart PT Set at  84.00 by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  The 
Meg Whitman To  IBM?  pep  agn  crm  msft  aapl  amzn  fb  baba  twtr  shak  cake  wmt  wfm  cmg  brk  hlf  iep  ba… 
Happy Friday!  Pepsico CEO &  CFO Walking Papers Day?  pep  agn  ibm  msft  crm  prgo  brk  iep  amzn  cost  k  kr… 
Wal-Mart Stores Sees Unusually Large Options Volume  Walmart 
 Walmart eliminating a few dozen positions at headquarters, Bloomberg says 
Walmart Yearns for More Cheap Products From China to Boost Online Sales  Walmart via  TheStreet  ChannelMAX  Walmart
 Cryptocurrencies: Approaching An Epic Crash  BCOIN Also  AMZN  Walmart  PZZA 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Given a  74.00 Price Target by Royal Bank Of Canada Analysts 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Shares Bought by Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV 
 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:-1.60% Weekly:-2.26% YTD:-5.01% Trend:0 / 100  
Haverford Trust Co. Boosts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Position Reduced by Goelzer Investment Management Inc. 
Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Reduces Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Investment Partners Ltd. OH  ADV Buys 739 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Walmart Yearns for More Cheap Products From China to Boost Online Sales  Walmart via  TheStreet Donald won't be happy!
Hedge Funds For Dummies:  SPY  SPX  VIX  Apple  AMZN  Google  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart  IBM
It's a stock-pickers market again. Recent winners include  NFLX  Walmart  Apple  NVDA  BoeingBoeing  MSFT

Free Trials, hitting swing winners since 2006
 nobullshytrader  AMZN i like to act like makin money cuz i actually been loozin crap load  GPS  Walmart 

 FB  NFLX… 
Pantry  PTRY versus Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart Head-To-Head Review 
 Amazon's reported a revenue of  38B, up 25% YoY. Income dropped 77%.   AWS sales up 42% to  4.1B.  AMZN  Walmart  MSFT  Google  GOOG
 amzn soon as  hd  LOW  TGT  COST and  Walmart report their er and miss, this force will gain more traction and back to 1100 in no time.
 Walmart Our calls are almost ITM and 2.5X , patience pays! 
 Puru__Saxena try a beat up retailer instead  Walmart  DG  DLTR
 AMZN so duz this mean "smart" money goez back into retail stawksssssssssss now? stupid market  KSS  TGT  COST  XRT  URBN  GPS  Walmart
Investors Sell Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart on Strength  Walmart 
 fuqua3fin  Walmart Looks interesting though
 SPY  Walmart  COST  TGT  M  KR Posted prior to Tuesday's open. A strong move higher on these today. More setups I li... 
Byron Wien: 2 Speed Bumps Slowing the Bull Market  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  Walmart
DOUBLE TOPS / BREAKOUTS:  KO  EA  Walmart  TSM  IYR  WFM  XLY by  PowerrTrader
Market Commentary for Friday, July 28  AMZN,  SPY,  TSLA,  LRCX,  Merck,  Walmart,  HES,  BoeingC,  FB,  AZN,  NUVA,  CVX,  P&G 
 Walmart Wal-Mart de Mexico Sheds Clothing, Boosts 2Q Profit 
