 Walmart Pay attention to the online grocery section!  over 1 hour wait at store 4484.  They had 1 girl working, all day. Felt bad for her
 willowdavis97  Walmart  come on please hurry up I wanna do my taxes.
if you're the person that complains about the scooter carts at Walmart not being charged then fuck you
 jacksfilms u go to your nearest walmart and buy the leftover chocolate for yourself
 Walmart I haven't shopped at your local store since 11/9. Boycott in place until you remove all  IvankaTrump prods. Thx  GrabYourWallet
My parents have been at Walmart for a good two hours. 🙄
 ChristiChat  Lrihendry look pretending that you shopped at Nordstrom doesn't help ur cause.  Will let you know when Walmart invokved
Really thought my Walmart w2 would be here by now wtf.
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom so hoity toity's like yourself will be in same building as the lower caste.
Wait for a prescription to be filled which was wrongly timed. Help a customer find a product bc of no help. All in my HEB jacket. WALMART
Just heard a mom in Walmart scream shut up to her crying baby 😭😭 people suck...
Sharpie Permanent Markers 30-Pack Only  10 + Bonus Coloring Pages 
Walmart organized a Rare Kirby Nintendo™ amiibo while writing illuminati conspiracies
 TeresaSchmied  nytimes you don't step foot outside Walmart
 humanesociety  usda  bobcesca_go weve been missing madcow disease, ecoli, and MYSTERY meat from Walmart.  goodtimes
Learn how to  FocusontheFacts & enter to win  100 Walmart GC  simplystacienet  giveaway 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom if you must know Nordstroms caters to middle class and upper middle class
I imagine him standing up all flustered screaming "If you can behave I'll have to give you a time out!" Like a stressed parent in Walmart.
Omg walmart is fucking scary
 AngieSt76940989 Walmart sux. Though I know ppl who have to work there.
Most homeless camps needs tarps~forecast shows rain tomorrow morning & most of next week!... 
Times like this i wish i had a significant other... i dont feel like going to walmart in this cold lol
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom and you are assuming this because you are an entitled snob.
 nytimes trump supporters don't shop Nordstroms because they are all at Walmart
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist WalMart Fights !!
CHANEL VS. WALMART 
My fear is to work at Walmart and  vote Republican.
 ReutersBiz Come on Macy's Walmart and the rest who sell her overpriced crap made in China. Just following your daddy's rules honey
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hartford, WI 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Because u r saying they r all poor and low classed. Right?
 FoxNews  SenSchumer more jobs at Walmart and Wendy's. America needs to get back High Technology and Manufacturing.America needs stability
I just heard someone say  ChickfilA is the same this as McDonalds but without hamburgers. That's like comparing Gucci to Walmart
Newark man charged in Walmart burglary last year; was banned from all locations 
I entered to  win a  100 Walmart Gift Card from  totsfamily and  FocusontheFacts  giveaway  sweeps 
Socks come from Walmart They Hanes
 Retweet  BabyFood  Beech Nut Veggies on the Go Carrot Zucchini and 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Those commoners. They would never set foot inside a Nordstroms!
Hahahah Walmart is selling handcuffs for Valentine's Day and Kaylee asked me why... Lmfao, I told her we'll talk when she's older. 😏😆
When you go to Walmart to get a healthy dinner and the Girl Scouts are out front with cookies 🙈
I can't make it down one aisle at Walmart without someone talking shit.  MAGA 
I'm at  Walmart in North Brunswick, NJ 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Do you look down your nose at the Common People all the time?
Buy Farm Rich Apps at Walmart. You could Win Your Game Day Party! No Purch. Nec. 18+(19+in AL&NE) 50US/DC only Rules 
The fact that I'm having so much fun in Walmart by myself is just sad
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Done with your nonsense.
Found over  1,619.55 in potential profit from Walmart/Home to sell on Amazon!  OA
There's always  Walmart - larger distribution possibilities 😉 
I went to Walmart today and they didn't have the new  benandjerrys Pint Slices 😩 I softened the blow by getting a pint of Truffle Kerfluffle
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom BoeingSED ON ACTUAL FUCKING PICTURES & ACTUALLY SHOPPING AT NORDSTROM!
 epps_debby Thanks Debby!  Walmart special! LOL
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom ASSUMPTION BoeingSED ON SNOBBERY. SNOB.
Walmart Unleashes an ingenious new way to beat down Amazon 
Ozark Trail Sun Wall for  8 + pickup at Walmart - 
Here comes the snow....yuk...15 cm....so much for going to Walmart tomorrow...but who knows...I may still go !!!
I should have gone to Walmart instead of HEB..I know Girl Scouts are always posted up out there. 🍪🍪
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom or you make a lot of assumptions about people based on your sense of entitlement.
I hate adulting Bc that includes going to Walmart 😒😒
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom I told you this REPEATEDLY. Sent link to PICS. Sent link to CATALOGUE. Holy hell!
People work at Walmart deserve to get paid  5 an hour! They are so useless 😤😤😤
PSA:

THERES SOME GIRLSCOUTS AT THE FORNEY WALMART SELLING COOKIES 

5 BOXES FOR 20 DOLLARS!!!!
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom u make blanket statements then dont back up your words. You're either not bright
Ran after some guy in Walmart thinking he was my brother..he was not. Now I can't go to Walmart until I go through reconstructive surgery
 Best Taylor Swift "1989" 1 x (Deluxe Edition) Target Exclusive + 1 x Walmart Edition 
My roommate works at Hy-Vee and today I found out when they run out of certain products they just buy more from Walmart & sell it.
WHY DOES  Walmart BRING IN PRODUCTS & ONCE THEY'RE SOLD OUT
IT'S SCREW THE  CUSTOMER. WE GOT RID OF THE MERCHANDISE OUR JOB IS DONE.  MR CEO
 makedonalddrumpf  and Republicans  rolling shit back like they work at Walmart  doddfrank  fiduciaryrule 
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom I mean how fucking stupid ARE you??
 WorldAnimalNews  Walmart  kroger it's sad..
 ShawtTee24 I Would Have Bought You One While I Was In Walmart But I Just Wasted My Money😐😕
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Srsly? Venues full of badly dressed people who'd obviously never seen inside Nordstrom
We all have that one Gucci eyebrow and one that we got on the clearance rack from Walmart 🙄😩😅
 dcarrion3707  DividendMaster yes I avoid Walmart like the plague on top of the others
As much as I hate walmart Im kinda happy they sell sugar free caffeine free pop I can drink pop on weekends and not be up all night!
Would Plasti dip be in Walmart or Ace
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom what were you saying by making that statement?
Share ur Game Day tips to  win an  OldElPaso prize incl a  150 Walmart GC  from   MapleMouseMama CAN 2/22  Giveaway 
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom When you mentioned it first, dumbass. Look, I gotta go. Date night with hubby.
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom were u assuming they were all poor?
"Why are you on Amazon at Walmart?"-Ryan
 Mamabear0772 Awesome! I wouldn't be sorry either. The last time I checked, my Walmart hadn't gotten them in yet.
 shoe0nhead  ChrisRGun Go to a Walmart and tell me kids are cool.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lafayette, IN 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom what were you saying then when you said "Did you ever see Trump rallies?"
Me too kk I accidentally spent  180 online and  60 in Walmart 😩👀💪🏻😊😜😛😃😃😋😊😗🤓😛 
 Xbox  Walmart didn't ship till today when it was to arrive. Paid for delivery now arriving the 7th. Later than what free shipping was.
 marcuslemonis  Mrgreen_tea I'd buy it. But only shop at two stores Walmart & ShopRite.
speedy checkout at walmart never speedy smh
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom so where did I make assumption that Trump supporters were all red necks?provide quote
 WBKnoblock how much arbitrage can you pull off with games that anyone else could also buy from Walmart? Just curious.
BRIEF-Channeladvisor launches algorithmic repricer for walmart 
I know consumers will not stop buying at  Walmart but they can still send a message to its leadership to push to abolish the travel ban
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Never said anything about Trump supporters being rednecks. You assumed w/o reason.
Where  datascience meets  commerce: Walmart's out to create  retail psychics - 
on fb I just saw a pic of a giant teddy bear w the caption "only  40 at walmart, I want this for v-day! boy come thru" UH...
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
IV for My Special Girl Following God and Influencing the World IV - 
If you think Arceus is the true god and Dunsparce isn't then I'll throw you out the window to Walmart
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Sweetheart, I can read the thread. You don't need to repeat yourself. Already answered
Enter to  win a  500 Walmart gift card!  
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom to that conclusion. So YOUR WORDS> YOU MADE ASSUMPTION.  I didn't.
God help mein at the bad Walmart
PSA:  tiff_housee just cut me off in Walmart parking lot and she didn't know it was me so I chased her down 🏎
 PresidentDejj  go to Walmart in the vitamin section
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom YOU made the assumption based of of looking at Trump rallies. I asked how u came
 TangieDaBoss I found the DVD at Walmart a while back and treat it like it's one of them movies you watch to not even watch for real lol
There were yorkie service puppies in Walmart. My heart is still in shambles.
I went right in Walmart and didn't get any leather cleaner for my car.
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Nowhere did I make that assumption. I said I couldn't make that assumption
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom said which was a blanket statement about Trump supporters not shopping at Nordstroms
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom I'd suggest you look at 
Never go in Walmart when you're hungry😒
 adyonka Yep. Going to a big downtown department store used to be something special. Now it feels like a trip to Walmart.
 IcarusTheSergal  Phase_Duskclaw Yeah, but at least they aren't making Walmart-brand bullets
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom I just repeated what I said, which was a question to YOU. and then I repeated what u
So my mom and boyfriend is in Walmart with out me
 TyeWeaver88 just go afterwards to Walmart & buy multiple boxes half off, then you're really the winner 🍫
 BlacNino_ Walmart drama never dies.
A worker at Walmart just called me sir??????? I definitely do not look like a sir?????
Come get an autograph from  HTC_Bethany & I at Walmart 345 HWY 6 in Sugarland 🎉🖋  SB51  TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker 
I may or may not have purchased the last of these today at Walmart. I don't think I'm sorry either!?… 
Thoughts while driving to Walmart:Rlly wanna have a sleepover. This is why I should just get married. Well that escalated quickly.
 Fahrenthold  Nordstrom  GrabYourWallet But Trump's White Trash voters can still buy her shit at Walmart.
Craft, Coca-Cola and Walmart don't formulate synthetic ingredients in the products exported to other countries, but they do in the U.S.
Sildenafil Vs Viagra - 100 mg Viagra Price Walmart - Viagra Online Prescription - Free Samples Of Viagra 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom at the Gap., or Banarepublic, Or Sears. Or Nordstroms
Hello ! Can you put my books on your phone? { Download my best selling books!click here-->... 
YAY! Crystal Pepsi back at Walmart by the house   Walmart Orlando - E Colonial Dr 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom and even there I couldn't 'tell u where they shopped. They MIGHT have shopped
 sarahashley38 just used so many coupons she froze the register at walmart...  weonnewlevel
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Look at them. 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom i've only seen video footage of Trump rallies but i only saw who the camera showed
 iSydney s/o to Walmart (god) for the identical sunnies!!!
Lmao DONT go to Walmart and open chips or eat food w.o paying it first bc you will get in deep trouble lmao oh ma gawd I'm a criminal
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  CricketRewards Download today!  
I've been at Walmart nearly 2 hours. 
Meanwhile at Walmart... 
Walmart to pay  875,000 for misleading environmental labels  compostable  biodegradable  degradable  decomposable
Brb I'm bout to slide to Walmart real quick 
 realDonaldTrump I need a job, Walmart won't hire me back
"I follow most rules unless I'm stealing a printer from Walmart" 
🤔
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom what were you saying about Trump voters. how is it that u can tell where they shop?
What happened at Walmart 
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers - The Huffington Post 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom since you said "Did u seen any coverage of Trump rally? No Nordstrom shoppers there!"
Pair slain outside Walmart broke medical pot rules, police say  MedicalDagga
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom You used the words. You made the assumptions. I didn't.
 CashBama What is Nordstrom thinking? Only elite Dems shop there. The protester types buy their Dove soap a Walmart, not designer stuff.
 JessaKent No matter how bad my feet hurt, the lines of cars at Walmart were too much. I wanted Epson salt, and a foot spa. :-(
Stuck at a Walmart tire center. This is gonna set us back quite a bit 😐
 Chloesofar yeah I use to work with her at Walmart, she helped me get a job there
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom my question therefore was directed at you
Enter to  WIN a  100 Walmart Canada Gift card from  julienowell   FOCUSONTHEFACTS  AD 
WENT TO PURCHASE A "ELECTRIC" BLANKET AT  Walmart & THERE WERE NONE .AND WITH NO PLANS TO RESTOCK.  THIS IS JUST THE 3rd OF FEBUARY.
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom I asked "are you ASSUMING that all trump voters are poor rednecks?"
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Whoever buys me this Will be my bae forever ❤   Walmart 
Working hard like it's Christmas time at Walmart
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom So your threat to shop elsewhere is hollow nonsense.
Sceptre X505BV-FMQR 50 inch 1080p Slim Bezel LED LCD HDTV with MHL and Roku Ready, 3 HDMI -  249.99: Walmart offers… 
Bikes Under  150 at Walmart -  79.97: Walmart offers Bikes Under  150. ... 
moral of the story I seen shantoshia today at Walmart and she said "hey Dawnye"... girl what? 
I am working Superbowl Sunday. I will watch it one way or another via Twitter while at work.  Walmart  SuperBowl
 amrrjb  MeanStreetsOMA Oh that's a tricky one. Right before you get to that BP and turn to WalMart.
Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers  zachdcarter +  ryangrim via  HuffPostPol
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom No sweetheart, they are your exact words.
 Prodigy2k_  cjsocool1  DataMchedlidze Fubu you get them from walmart believe it or not everybody used to where it
 aizzatafiq Walmart pun nk check in
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Look at them.
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom No, that's what you said. So is that a yes or a no?
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
Arguments heard in  walmart: woman to her BF (their cart is filled to the top) "yeah well is cheez whiz a fucking necessity?!"  answerher
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom But that doesnt mean that Trump voters dont'.
all i want for valentine's day is the giant unicorn from walmart
 cactusvan in the Walmart where the sonic used to be fam shits crazy
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom The reply was intended to highlight the idiocy of your post.
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom I dont shop at Nordstrom's. But i didnt vote for Trump.
Stephanie  w. of Odell, IL  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
She has a different view about Jade Helm. It is worth mentioning. Jade Helm + Walmart = Rescue Mission.
 aIIysolos I've never been to Walmart in my life how is this happeneing
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom its your assumption. not mine.
 Wysfan4life  lilbitdog I'll check our Walmart to see if we have the spring valley
I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN YOU WALMART. YOU BROUGHT SHAME TO MY FAMILY.
Auto insurance companies should have booths set up in Walmart's parking lot to save time.  badWalmartiandrivers
Huffy Boys' Good Dinosaur 3-Wheel Scooter for  15 + pickup at Walmart - 
When people from other departments talk to me it's just to see how I'm holding up while being stalked at Walmart :))
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Sure, you're a regular Nordstrom shopper...
A new spin on an old favorite.
Chicken Pot Pie Crescent Ring  ad  recipe... by  CreativeArtwks via  c0nvey
nigga it's Walmart lmfao 
 mayshakems  Derrymonique__ so that's what we doing ? Walmart teddy bears & chick fil a
 5 movie bin at Walmart is everything
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom how do you know this information? Do you know shopping habits of ppl at Trump rallies
Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers  zachdcarter +  ryangrim   via  HuffPostPol
At Walmart with my mom and my friend  lu_naVale.. buying some stuff
we go to Walmart to get some stuff and forgot the dog food at the cash registers so we go to dollar general to get some and left it again😂
 Xyomara14 We recommend checking your local Target, Walmart, Bed Bath & Beyond, CVS Pharmacy, H.E.B., Kroger, Bit Lots &Fred Meyer stores!
 nytimes most of Trump supporters are rednecks so she can sell her crap at Walmart
"We can't move here, they don't sell hard liquor at Walmart"
Dakota is off the hook I took her to Walmart and we talked and I found out she has boobs OMG I'm… 
interview went great. now for  groceryshopping at  walmart 
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Trump products at Nordstroms has zero to do w/ Trump supporters shopping there.
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom thats what u seem to be implying. Otherwise how do you know they wouldnt shop there?
Fisher-Price Infant-to-Toddler Rocker Sleeper Only  19.88 (Reg.  31) at Walmart via Raining Hot ... 
Traffic in Knoxville? A standstill on I75. Traffic in Franklin? 3 cars in front of me at the light to turn into Walmart.
Look what I ran into parked in front of Walmart. The  oscarmayer  weinermobile  OneFastHotDog 
 Blazefire_Saber FUTURO! I got mine at CVS but I think walmart has it too 
Walmart targets Amazon Prime with free two-day shipping  makemoneyonline  workfromhome


Couponing at Walmart: 3 FREE Oikos Yogurt, Quaker Real Medleys Oatmeal Just 12¢ + More via ... 
Everybody out here tryna cuff and I'm still trying to figure out why I have never seen a happy Walmart employee🤔
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom again, with the condescension. This is why your side lost.
But there is a Daniel Radcliffe look alike at my local Walmart 👀
 MaxxSIO okay but what valentines day cookies do you buy? my favorite are the frosted sugar cookies from walmart. They are 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
a saints fan just came up to me in a walmart in louisiana and said "rise up yall gonna do this thing" its a good day to be a falcon  RiseUp
 lilbitdog  jessanabe awesome we have a walmart here i may check that out i use alot of spring Valley stuff
Lord please keep me safe as I go to Jennings Walmart at night.. ugh I hate that place specially at night
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom elsewhere it means Nordstrom doesnt get their money.
Walmart should bring back the smiley face stickers
Definitely gotta go to Walmart when I get off
The Good Table Freezer to Plate Kit for Frozen Chicken only  1.50 via Price Match at Walmart, ... 
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Are you saying everyone who attends Trump rallies is a poor redneck?
WHY IS THERE SO MANY PEOPLE AT WALMART
 ColeFoxxy was this the CF Walmart?
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom but if they like the shoes and Nordstrom isn't selling them requiring them to shop
Still gotta go to Walmart
When people get a lil extra cash name the first store that they go shopping 🛒 toooooooo ??????
Walmart?? Mall??... 
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Um, people at Trump rallies are Trump supporters. Not a Nordstrom shopper among them.
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom is no longer selling them.I'll SHOP ELSEWHERE. now did they vote for Trump? Not sure
 ctvwinnipeg I think we should ban parents filling their carts at Walmart with junk especially when a family weighs as much as their van.
There is a giant giraffe at Walmart that I must have
This just in, Walmart already has Cadbury eggs on their shelves. Go buy all of the Cadbury eggs. Right now. Do it.
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Read the Reviews. There r a lot of people saying "I like these shoes. Sorry nordstrom
Video released in Walmart hit-and-run, man charged 
 France  Attack  Walmart  Target  huntingequipment  camping stores  huntingknifes  machetes should be locked in cages.
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom do search on Nordstroms website for "trump" you'll find some products, like shoes.
 cvpayne  IvankaTrump  FoxBusiness I can't believe Nasty Laura had that much juice.. They sell Ivanka fashions at Macy's & Walmart.
why is walmart a bird headquarters
Walmart 
 jessanabe  Wysfan4life yes ,I have spring Valley a lot .Walmart as a 100 percent warranty on them .
I just earned a  25 walmart gift card, and so can you. Just sign up... 
 ReTweet  Candy  Petite Pufflettes Grape Gummy Bites 5 lb 
they have giant stuffed elephants at walmart !!
myAppliances->One Kitchen Done Three Ways - New York Times 
Video released in Walmart hit-and-run, man charged 
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom is this more of that liberal condescension that cost Hillary the election.
Walking through Walmart makes me feel like I'm 7'6".
 Raindropp_ Easy Comfort b-12 I think. They are at Walmart
Walmart ain't even got legit BBQ
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom are you ASSUMING that all trump voters are poor rednecks?
Why tf are Texans cheerleaders at the Walmart on Southmore 😂😂
 savannah_yyz  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom how are you correlating people at rallies with people who shop at Nordstroms?
chanel vs walmart 
I fucking hate Walmart
 ABC Sleep deprived  KellyannePolls couldn't be hired as a Walmart greeter yet media gives her endless coverage. It… 
Walmart is life
 joemccann  geekwire would be interesting to see Walmart
 KelbyDenae Walmart
a whole shelf of shit just fell on me in Walmart n the fuckin guys who came to help me just laughed n asked why my face is so red
 everlong554  saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Did you ever seen any coverage of a Trump rally? No Nordstrom shoppers there!
Because The Children's Hour Academy is a nut-free school, these can easily be made with sunflower butter! 
 CutiePa52892920  DividendMaster i boycotted Walmart years ago, now is Target and Nordstroms! Shame on them
Man Arrested After Snorting Heroin, Passing Out with Child in Huntington (W.Va) Walmart. 
Walmart. First of the month. Need I say more? A lot to see.
 saltyboxer  everlong554  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom Donald is pissed because the elites are rejecting his daughter like they rejected him.
just walked into walmart happily eating a slice of pizza. ☺️
Perhaps your high faulting self should realize most of trump voters can't afford nostrums, move to Walmart  watch your brand grow?
I liked a  YouTube video Prank calling Walmart
Looks like I lost my Walmart gift card with  60 on it... Well shit. 

Guess I'm not buying myself a new night stand...
 wdomerese where you working for Walmart?
. Walmart is changing their retail  ShippingCompliance rules in 2017, is your  SupplyChain ready?  AFNLogistics 
After accruing a fair amount of money, my Walmart Savings Catcher was deleted. ~sigh~ 
 jessanabe  Wysfan4life Walmart has them reasonable 
Maybe I should go to Walmart and spend this eight bucks on fancy undies
I'm at Walmart in Heredia 
 funder  TheDemCoalition Walmart still selling Ivanka shoes - after all, their White Trash customers put Trump in the White House.
 saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom i dont know where Trump supporters shop. U assume A LOT. But if they did, they may stop.
 ST33LR3S3RV3 Hera's awing was clearanced at  15. TIE is/was  25 (both at Walmart)
Video released in Walmart hit-and-run, man charged via  6abc
When i got home I saw my neighbor was outside and to avoid conversation I drove to Walmart and took a nap in the parking lot.
Hey  IvankaTrump Neiman Marcus & Nordstroms DUMPED your lines.  Chin up!  There's always Walmart, where trump supporters buy their clothes!
What Walmart do to cuz 
 porrim im gonna be fr i found t at walmart
 RoguePOTUSStaff  MelanieRaven so what is Bannon doing? still buying off the discount rack at Walmart?
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  450 Walmart Gift Card Free Shipping  GiftCards  Gifts 
idk why I am laughing at my mom being stuck in walmart's parking lot, but it is funny to me ily tho
 ChampIncineroar  WholeFoods  Walmart Glad to hear! ☺️
 everlong554  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom actually, why should anyone care. Right?  Cheers
Dropped my phone in the freezer part of Walmart.. I need to go home and take a nap. I'm done.
 dsturnbull  mikeduncan it's the philosophical hypocrisy that justified slavery then and Walmart now that is the fault line in US governance
 Slav636 I am a greeter at Walmart SuperCenter  3487. :)
 Oscaa21 wtf....what kind of Walmart you going to bro 😳
"Im broke down in the walmart parking lot and im half in a row. Who will come help me????" - My mom's FB status 13 mins ago :')) I can't lol
Went to Walmart for two things, ended up giving a full make tutorial 😑. This lady stopped me to tell her step by step what I do to my face.
No words to describe Walmart-Clanton, Al. 😬😩
 everlong554  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom no offence dude but half the country or Trump supporters DON'T shop there. Donald is just pissed!
don't tell me what to do walmart chrom
They had an incompetent old man running register who couldn't figure out how to scan a receipt wow Walmart
Out of all days I come to Walmart everyone and their mama is here 🙄
My grandma is so extra that she's making my mom and I go with her to Walmart tomorrow just to get Atlanta Falcons shirts to wear Sunday
Everybody work at walmart bihh
Buy Diet Dr Pepper at Walmart, Score Sweet Rewards! via  HomespunChics
dad - i saw these ghetto kids sitting in the parking lot at walmart 

mom - they live in edmond oklahoma how ghetto can they be
So my mom just caught my 10 year old brother stealing in Walmart lol......Ass whooping! 😂😂😂
 PRT  Specials  Spring Valley Vitamin E Skin Oil 12000 I. U. Moisturizer 2oz 
Centerville Walmart is always a guaranteed reunion
 IcarusTheSergal Does Walmart literally sell everything? XD
So Matt was getting an oil change at Walmart and these motherfuckers took two hours to do a single oil change and to top it off
How I feel about Walmart 
 PRT  Specials  KidKraft Nantucket Toddler Bed White 
 ABraudaway they are coming out in two days so they should be lejit for Walmart's everywhere
 wetnwildbeauty according to Walmart your photofocus line is "vegan". Does this mean the ingredients are all natural?
miss going to Walmart late at night. Would always see cute JMU guys 😩😂
Currently sitting in my car at Walmart wrapping presents for Anthony and of course his mom walks in front of my car and waved.. Hey girl lol
This Mainstays Stanton Cushioned 4pc Patio Conversation Set is regularly  269 and currently on sale for just... 
Amen And Amazon Uber Walmart 
Deals: Toddler Girl or Boy Pajama Sets  4.88 (
Deals: Walmart | VTech Toys From  7.50  7.50+ (
 oldpicsarchive Walmart in 2017
Walmart ~ Mainstays Stanton Cushioned 4pc Patio Conversation Set Only  208.15 (reg.  269) - 
I never said that I got my mits on some of these. They sell these things at Walmart! 
Shooting up my local walmart lol
The Walmart greeter told me she likes my outfit but all day at work they hollered "where's Waldo" when we crossed?😳
 jazminderohn  Walmart
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers 
One of my coworkers quit this week and one of my bosses said "Just wait till one of us catches her at walmart in the panty aisle!" Lmao wut😂
my back gave out on me today at walmart, i refused to go to the hospital, i kept telling michael my pelvis was broken and he got mad at me
taken in the walmart parking lot 
Trump Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers  zachdcarter +  ryangrim via  HuffPostPol
Ok cool so nobody wants to ride with me or drive me to Walmart oh yea and to my grandparents house gotta drop something off
They hype everything she does she can buy a Walmart t shirt and she'll be treated like Mother Teresa 
 queenjesssssie Coming in second lave overall, by even Smashn in the Walmart Bathroom, Allison Ball
 BenKnappDC  JessicaValenti  Racked not to mention the  Nordstrom here in ABQ is like an expensive Walmart clothing rack
Stepped outside with coconut oil in my hair and the cold had my hair feeling stiffer than Walmart weave
 saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom other companies will just make money that Nordstrom doesnt make and those shoppers will go THERE
 BabylonVonWyre i bought mine around  20 at walmart all i need for mine is the laminater sheets
Win a  100 Walmart GC when you learn about nutrition labels  FocusontheFacts 
Knowin' I'm cool cuz my collar's not from Walmart! 
 saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom they might make the gamble that trump supporters wouldn't sop their anyway. but its a gamble
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
you see everybody in Walmart dude .🤦🏾‍♀️
just lost my phone in Walmart. if that doesn't sum up my week i don't know what does
 saltyboxer  nytimes  Walmart  Nordstrom its never a smart idea to cut off your products from half country.
- Toddler Girl or Boy Pajama Sets  4.88 (
- Walmart | VTech Toys From  7.50  7.50+ (
When you fall right in front of Walmart and into a pile of snow and a bunch of people see and you scream and run inside + fuck up your elbow
Londo in walmart giving bitches hugs & shit 😂😂😂
it's so tempting to not buy like 20 movies from the  5 bin at Walmart
At  pizzahut and they have no tea,  mushrooms or salad. Really don't understand when Walmart is across the street.  sendsomeonetothestore
 Walmart fix y'all point system fr😤 it's bogus😭😂
Yesterday Anna and I learned how to make a Walmart trip fun! And were able to pull off hiding… 
 TeresaSchmied  nytimes your ass never shopped there ...try Walmart 😏
Because I've neglected my legs for so long, my little Walmart weights set actually gives me a workout. The reps are high but still good.
Walmart jus called a nigga back 😜 hol up nie 🤑🤑
 ThatKidYouNew the truck by Carl's Jr.  And Walmart
Coming soon to a  Walmart near you! 
BEAUTY BLENDERS ARE  6 OR LESS AT WALMART BUT THEYRE ONE OF THE MOST COMMON STOLEN ITEM WHY
Sport Watch with Heart Rate Monitor

Always run into someone I know at Walmart, never fails
I was tempted to get a lego gotham city sirens poster from walmart...
 everlong554  nytimes they shop  Walmart anyway.  Nordstrom just increased their stock price w this move.
 nytimes I guess she will have to sell her stuff on Amazon. Walmart. KMart. Ross. T.J. Maxx. Maybe she could donate it to charity.
they found the old lady's car up at blue angel Walmart and the cop told me he's somewhere in the perdido area. Lock y'all doors gah damn 🤔
 RiseUp  Walmart  AtlantaFalcons  CocaCola Atlanta well supported 
I came into Walmart in bay city for food and I'm leaving with nothing because I'm uncomfortable with the sub human creatures in here
Oops.i meant for senga Walmart to be an ask so just... — "Imagine U bump into senga at Walmart, what section... 
Had a demo with Walmart Chile. Didn't have a translator for half of it. Within 2 minutes of it starting they said "si, he's American."
 skizzle2k9  AmyJ0418  TeresaSchmied  nytimes Walmart crowd
Have I ever mention how much I dislike walmart? 
HAVE I EVER.
😫
Found over  1,922.45 in potential profit from Walmart/Seasonal to sell on Amazon!  OA
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  marketing  digitalmarketing
 motorcyclehusky i cant. Im at walmart.
does anyone even play pokemon go anymore? I just randomly caught an onix in walmart after opening the game for the first time in years
I'm at  Walmart in Union City, CA 
 realDonaldTrump Wow, one man with a knife.  You're a tough guy!  I am more afraid of people in US carrying guns at Walmart.
why bother working out on Fridays when I could just carry two racks of Natty across the Walmart parking lot
Chanel vs Walmart  GHVIPDirecto 
This Mexican nigga behind me in  Walmart smell like he just put the sweet out right before he walked inside😂
 swnwn_ bc shes being aggressive and screaming and ppl are scared
walmart didnt handle this well at all tho hdkdd
 Walmart It was the greenfield, IN supercenter
en walmart
suddenly walmart is the place to be 😍 
 shihotakezawa I know!! 😞 I wish you're with me right now Walmart doesn't have black collared shirts! I don't know where it would be!!
 katiw33  __bendy__  I FOUND IT AT WALMART FOR U GUYS 
 jasonmn Ever since the last 2 Presidents I can't afford to shop at Nordstroms.  Come on over to Dress Barn and Walmart Ivanka!
Colton the calm plaid horse from Walmart,
Did I really put on all this makeup....just to go to Walmart.
As you mature, the amount of kitchenware that you have to wash by hand goes up exponentially. I should stick to Walmart brands.
 KainMarko  KellyannePolls that's the point these people make less than minimum wage. Anyone here legally can work at Walmart and make more.
 maddigounder13 "i don't like any1 in this school but if i saw you at walmart i would probably say hi.. then say i had to go"  thx gurl ❤ya
 Walmart and  Kroger: 
Stop Selling Meat from Abused Lambs
 - Sign the Petition!
 via  Change
When you're in Walmart and all they're playing is country music.....😬
Edith F. of Lanett, AL  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 Walmart and I know it was intentional cause I told her it was upside down and she said "yes it is". Stay classy 🙄🙄🙄
when you see your ex in the walmart parking lot 
i almost forgot my ice cream and chips at walmart
 theholohunter Thx for that i went to walmart and i got 1 pack and i got it like cooool!!!!!!!!!!!1111
Meanwhile as seen in a San Antonio Walmart store........ 
I'm so full on my lunch break I don't even feel like going back to Walmart I just want go to sleep
only are vibes anymore walmart to
When you go to Walmart in Orlando it's ass EVERYWHERE. Booty here booty there. Booty every where.
RIGHT NOW: Iconic Oscar Mayer Wienermobile at Walmart on North Cartaro Road until 7 pm Share your shots by emailin… 
 Walmart 🙄 when I see your 25yr manager with a us flag pin intentionally upside down (signifying distress). Making political statements?
 LBisaillon  ScullyNoreen  StevieEvilCat  Lazlovely MOL. Or Halloween? Or maybe dey came from da bin behind Walmart? Or da creepy basement?
Every time I step into a Walmart,  I'm reminded as to WHY I don't go in Walmart.  everytime
mandela effect, fema camps in walmart, taylor swift is the devil 
I hate Natty sometimes... a guy just asked me at Walmart if it was true that blondes do have more fun? Wtf 🙄😂
 ReTweet  Probiotics  Culturelle Extra Strength Digestive Health Probiotic 
updates  Walmart price 66.70 to 66.50
Why is it a Walmart bag in her head ? 
MIRACLES STILL EXIST!!! Got out of WalMart in less than an hour for less than a hundred bucks!
The one time you need something from  Walmart and their website is down 😭
 Walmart is your site down? It wont load on multiple devices. This is the first time I will be buying something from you guys & maybe last?
Hello Ivanka? Apparently Walmart’s not interested in your hideous fashions. Might I suggest the Dollar Store?
 Socalimilitia1  donkeyarguing
the 'Drew' mutual:
-🙄🙄🙄
-doesn't know how jokes work
-replies to everything with 'bet'
-works at walmart
Very sad to announce that after 8 long years, my  20 Walmart hair straightener has died 😢
I saw two Hispanic chicks that were like 5'0 flat with perfect asses I almost stalked them through Walmart but my home training took over
 Retweet  Specials  Cequent Cambuckle Tie Down W/Hooks 1 X 6 2 Pack 
I just need to go to Walmart... that's all 😤
 AustinMahone I'm at Walmart wish me luck
 sale Magellan RoadMate 5320-LM 5″ GPS with Lifetime Map Updates -  49.46: Walmart offers Refurbished : Magellan -… 
 Retweet  CleanWater  Unique Bargains White Ceramic Cartridge Faucet Water 
The  Square app has ruined the ability to say no to the people selling things outside of Walmart. "I don't have cash" is no longer an excuse
 KacieJoe Or ear three of the Walmart soft sugar cookies because they were on sale 😂
Walmart is out of boom chicka pop and I've never been more hurt
walked in walmart ashy as hell 😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Evans, GA 
Walmart gets caught selling counterfeits, again. - Did you buy fake Sony computer memory? 
Overheard at the Walmart: "did my voice sound like this when I was chokin' on that popcorn?"
Walmart haul: via  YouTube
And one of them was CEO at Walmart. You have seen, how they treat women in their workforce. 
RIGHT NOW: Iconic Oscar Mayer  Wienermobile at Walmart on North Cartaro Road until 7 pm Share your shots by emailin… 
Top free  iPhone Business  Apps  46: WM1 from Walmart - 
Enter now for your chance to win  Walmart gift cards, Palmer's hats or samples!  PalmersCocoaTour
Is there like a winter storm coming because I have never seen the Westside Walmart this freaking packed before....
 realDonaldTrump Young mans body found Decapitated head &genitalia cutoff  behind Walmart in Albuquerque NM right before the New Year=CARTEL
 GuggenheimPtnrs defend amzn is a joke they missed by 1 billion AWS getting killed by Azure. Walmart, ebay hz better prices & free 2day ship
My white suit was way classier than the Steinmart suit. Sure it wasn't Walmart u were in?  Anna_inWalmart?… 
These are the sweetest pineapples Walmart had in a minute 😩
Walmart: El Monterey Breakfast Burritos just  .67 each! 
Who Work At Walmart Of Target ?
Just learned Walmart sells tires...😮
It's not Walmart I hate so much as going there. Free shipping changes everything.
Trump And Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers 
Good luck w that  potus wants women to dress like women -  Walmart  Kmart  Sears 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart's new competitor 
Looks like tomorrow I am on the hunt for Sun and Moon Pokemon Cards. Hitting up Walmart in the morning!
Walmart on memorial is very awful
 ReTweet  LipGloss  Lip Gloss  227 Ocean Sunrise Burts Bees 0.2 fl oz 
mom/sis took me 2 walmart
"lets look at all the stuff u won't be getting""maybe if you weren't so hard to get along… 
I FUCKING HATE WALMART.  fuckwalmart
I really dislike Walmart all of them 😒
 PrinceRoyce are you going to do the signed autographed CD with Walmart??? Please do it again  PrinceRoyceFIVE 😭
 LeahCallow me and all my over the counter Walmart brand pills
 Retweet  CleanWater  14mm Dia Hose Hole Magnetized Water Splash 
Enter now for your chance to win  Walmart gift cards, Palmer's hats or samples!  PalmersCocoaTourwhere to enter again
DO NOT GO TO WALMART IN LIMA. It's first of the month and a lady ahead of me had LICE crawling in her hair. Fuck no.
 Walmart taking forever to send me my shit..31st was 3 days ago!
Walmart employees over at Rose Ave. talk soooo much shit about their customers it's ridiculous smfh. they're so rude and disrespectful
 GuggenheimPtnrs time 2 value amzn 4 what it is,a co. Struggling 2 grow 20% & can't make profit doing so AWS slwing Amzn wrth  90 go walmart
Shorty has a whole Walmart bag on her head. 😩😂 
Anyone need a good throw? Walmart has some on sale!! 😂🙄 
Minute Maid Cartons Just  1.95 At Walmart!  Walmart  minute_maid
Need to go to Walmart . Who feel Lik riding with me or driving me don't all speak at once 😩🤔🤔
4 different stores. Got the last one on the shelf in Walmart.... No more Spotify!!! ☺ 🎶 🎼 🎵 🎤  NE4Life  MikeBiv… 
COME SEE YA GURLS AT DUNVALE WALMART! We are here for one more hour! ❤💙🏈 
Saw my childhood in the 5 dollar bin at Walmart. 
 Zhambezi is that a  5 Walmart pc again
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Union City, GA 
Y'all mind if I wild out on this corolla in the Walmart parking lot 
you stole from walmart 
If I get kicked out of this trailer park I'm going to have to move back into the Walmart parking lot.
Walmart and Kroger: Stop Selling Meat from Abused Lambs - Sign the Petition! via  Change
I will no longer shop at  Walmart. From now on I will shop at  Target . 
 walmart. Quick run through Walmart?  I don't think so. Behind a price matcher. Probably lost money on her & lost me as a customer.
 NexJql  Kmart I work work at Walmart. I still like Kmart though
Walmart Reduces Free 2-Day Shipping Requirements.. Related Articles: 
Don't know why I decided to go to Walmart in slippers. Now my feet are wet. ☹️
Hey  Walmart are you trying to cheat me? Even this little? 
 johnauthers  arishahdadi maybe Joe Sixpack was short Walmart and long Goldman(?)
 Chlo_Mexico Jewel, target, walmart
Star Wars 3.75 Black Series IMPERIAL DEATH TROOPER Walmart Exclusive Rogue O...  StarWars 
this came out while i was in walmart almost screamed inside of the storm smh 
I can't believe  Walmart is giving out free samples of Crown. This is a new standard for Walmart, I'm impressed.
Welp, the cleaning crew at work threw away my lunch bag so it looks like I'm back to using Walmart sacks.
self checkout is closed and i swear i've never seen more lanes open at walmart
Minute Maid Cartons Just  1.95 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Minute Maid Cartons Just ... 
If  amazon does that I'll only shop at Walmart (free 2day shipping) or eBay (usually cheaper). Hopefully they won't… 
 __aunaturale Walmart 💀
Needa get to Walmart ASAP.
Standing in line at Walmart for a good 20 minutes now and I'm the only white person ive seen 🙂
 julesjune_ honestly I love the Walmart diapers. They fit and we've never had an issue or leak.
 sunsprite33 Walmart Next Stop!  Somewhereinmycar 🎶🎶
Twitter Experiment  23
Let's see which big corp responds...
 BestBuy  Walmart   Target  WaffleHouse  northropgrumman 
 united  McDonalds
ofcourse United would have WET brushes and Walmart wouldn't
 Bimrluvr  BeladonnaRogers Just for fun she should make her products available at Kmart or Walmart
 WalMart pilots automated buy online, pickup in store system by  SupplyChainDive  retail… 
We out here (at Walmart)
Make these Frosted Football Brownies for your  superbowl party  ad  brownie... by  krazykatfreebie via  c0nvey
Lady at Walmart: "We'll have your car ready in 45 minutes."

Me: *spends 45 minutes in the toy section playing with light sabers*
 knute1888  Walmart  Target Italian renaissance art Pepe is the most powerful Pepe.
Quavo is Chanel and Jacquees is WalMart 
 LabanDeFriese you're a fool if you can't see were spinning down the toilet. Seasonal jobs at Walmart aren't good paying jobs.
"How do you work at Walmart and not do drugs? I can't even enter Walmart without BEING on drugs"
talking to someone on speakerphone in public should be outlawed 
especially in walmart or any large store
Next stop ✋ 
Walmart come by and say hi with  HTC_MorganOd and I  HTC_Speaker  TexansCheer 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Yreka, CA 
Trump is bribing the BillionaireBoysClub to keep them loyal; Ivanka had a party for them at Kalorama.  Walmart  GM  JPMorgan  ErnstAndYoung
Pair slain outside Walmart broke medical pot rules, police say -  dodge  nitro
Thats cause its SE Walmart too lls 
I'm at Walmart and some lady is having a full conversation while on the toilet...
I want that kiss me in Walmart Parking Lot love that I gotta see you during my lunch break love 
 Walmart glad I didn't try and put 1 book or even 1 shelf on your so-called bookshelf that I bought for my children… 
So she's really using a Walmart bag as a shower cap? 😂😂😂😩 
 jordannelit Desoto! Right by Walmart!
Btw this kid is wearing a leather coat with what looks like off brand walmart sneakers. Hey, get it how you live bro.
Just spoke to someone from the UK in Walmart. Every life goal has been completed.
Make these Frosted Football Brownies for your  superbowl party  ad  brownies... by  HomeLifeAbroad via  c0nvey
y'all know if Walmart money center is open on Saturdays?
david and liza shop at target so heath and zane gotta shop at walmart. babes lost it.  HeathHussar  zane
About to buy myself a Walmart ring idgaf 
The boneless wings you can get at walmart's deli give me life
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 2/28/2017 
Darryl T. of Dayton, OH  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Employee fired from Guelph Walmart over discrimination complaint 
IM BoeingCK AT WORKING AT WALMART !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 IlyannaYates says my Snapchat is like a Youtubers and I'm starting to believe it. I almost did a let's go to Walmart mini vlog 😂
 Walmart create an app for Walmart grocery or integrate it into the main apl
The digital revolution is creating a friction-free economy. Amazon understands this better than any other company 
Precisely  ImTheGrimes  ChrisJZullo. If people refuse to buy a product line at  Walmart, it will be dropped quicker than say "rollback."
 ATLANTA this is my last  Walmart event before our Atlanta Falcons play in the Super Bowl!  I… 
 SIBoeingENO02  conservinews  TrumpPlutocracy didn't quite understand the last sentence "you are a welfare queen like the Walmart" huh?
 HarvestSnaps  WholeFoods  Walmart It was!
 IBMServiceMgmt  Walmart  KLMOpen  BernhardtInc Discover how far they've gone into losing customer data : remember 
I did not plan on spending my Friday afternoon off stuck at Walmart waiting to get my tired aired back up 🙃😡🤦🏼‍♀️
this kid at walmart looks at me then says to his mom, "she's wearing a choker! mom, do you know what a choker is?!"
This 30-Minute Chili is a quick and easy dish for your  superbowl party  ad  recipe... by  jsismee via  c0nvey
20 Nexus 12"x12" Terracotta Vinyl Floor Tiles for  11 + pickup at Walmart - 
😒 guess I'll spend the night at walmart . They might as well throw me on their clock on the days she wants to grocery shop  😩
Waiting on Tudda to come out of Walmart 🙄
 PRT  Allergies  CLARITIN Childrens Allergy Solution Grape Flavor 4 oz 
 tbelfield2 I'm going on 101, so I only go past Raymond and Cosi.  Though there's one just past WalMart on hwy.12.
Only in Fairmont do you see 2 people take the handicap riding scooters from Walmart & drive them on 250
Chanel vs Walmart 
 Mariaaaa_urias outside east side Walmart gf!!
 Walmart  Target 

Bring on the  pepeyogapants
 pepemagnets  pepehoodie   Walmart  Target 
 Walmart sad there is an abundance of everything except cashiers. Twice as many lanes open on Wednesday and half as much Friday...payday?
I am sharing this to get coins on this extension. You don't have look at the link. This is a selfish share. 
What's going in the old Walmart?
As if I didn't hate Walmart enough already
Why Dash buttons? Because on-click ordering is just to hard! 
Great to see the advancements from Walmart's US Manufacturing Innovation recipients. Check out the story of  NCState 
I get walking rage in Walmart worse than I get road rage on the highway.
 jakepaul elaborate on walmart slip n slide
RECYCLING DAY REMINDER! This Saturday, at the old Walmart west parking lot from 8am to noon, drop off you recyclable items.
Evenflo Car Seats, as Low as  34.88 at Walmart!  savemoney 
On hold with  pizzahut &  Walmart just dropped off my package!  content
Use a high-value Ibotta rebate to score a MorningStar Farms Veggie Bowl for ONLY  0.67 this week at Walmart! (Reg  … 
 peoplefor  dmb1031 LIES LIES AND MORE LIES. Have you no shame? Chicks can get birth control pills at Walmart or CVS or Walgreens or Target
 TheProjectChick We do apologize about the wait. Please contact us at (800) 924 9206 between 8am-10pm Central time. -Ami
I've been with Walmart a whole year today 🤑
 MrBeastYT Gone Wrong!Gone sexual! At Walmart
 beatsbydre Overpriced crap. My cheap Skullcandy headphones from.  Walmart sound better are better quality than these cheap pieces of shit.
In response to a BS statement from Walmart about meeting with Trump, this pretty much says it all. 
Score Sweet Rewards at Walmart with Diet Dr Pepper   ColorMeSweet  ad 
With my boss at Walmart shopping and she made a mistake and said she need some dick 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Our furry friends deserved to be spoiled too! Give them delicious Meow Mix Bistro from Walmart! Be prepared for... 
Walmart just undercut Amazon’s most valuable perk (Walmart) 
 Walmart helping to speed up employee raises  retail  Operations
Read how these 3 orgs,  Walmart,  KLMOpen,  Bernhardtinc, used cloud to improve the customer experience:… 
Working at Walmart isn't that bad
im omw to Walmart how much y'all wanna be that they're not gonna have my birth control
This is what Roger will be doing when the Patriots win on Sunday. Pucker up!   Patriots  PatriotsNation  SuperBowl… 
The traffic by Walmart/Panera is a joke
Found the greatest Transformer ever made today at my local Walmart. 

Blunderbuss. 
 Awesome_Payten easily. It's basically The Office but in a Walmart.
 juniornelsonjr We're sorry for the wait. Please contact us at (800) 924 9206 between 8am-10pm Central time. -Ami
 cvpayne Durbin amendment added by Walmart's bought and paid for Senator Dick Durbin. Just stealing Visa's money, giving it to Walmart.
 SDDNOLE  Nordstrom  IvankaTrump I highly doubt you shop at Nordstrom. I see you more as a WalMart sort of guy.
A good Starmie appeared! It will be 483 meters from the 300W Walmart until 4:27 PM.   SLC  PokemonGO  Monocle… 
i have orientation with walmart on tuesday!
 I_Am_Here_Still  barbaraward235  SoCaliMilitia1  donkeyarguing No thanx, this fat Walmart Shopper wouldn't be caught dead in her clothes
 MarilynT4  Terrence_CFP you obviously didn't get my other message. The rich ppl do. Small business don't compare to companies like walmart
Where were you when you heard the news of the  BowlingGreenMassacre?

"At Walmart looking for a date."
 MessinnaLeora  marksoria  Nordstrom Hi Sweetie! People with a  TargetDeals Bag, Basically  Walmart Should not throw stones!  Caring
How long until leftists show up at Walmart with AR-15s like the teabaggers used to, but wearing antifa shirts instead? Not long, I'd guess.
YELLS why did I come back to Walmart when it got busy
Walmart damn family fym
Looks like those Walmart trips worked cause we might be having a baby today. 😬😬😬
 boycottWalmart you gotta be out yo damn mind if you think Ima boycott Walmart 😭
Found over  322.22 in potential profit from Walmart/Pets to sell on Amazon!  OA
 angelakwanzaa she didn't even go to Walmart because I give her my transpass
 GameDealsCanada Saw this price at Walmart, not sure if that's right or not? 
Just got yelled at in the Walmart parking lot for walking and talking on my phone 🤔
wtf i walked out of walmart and the sunset was soo pretty 
 Retweet  DogToy  Spot Burger and Fries Vinyl Toy for Dogs Vinyl Burger and 
Frozen Pizza Deals at Walmart! 
I hate Walmart. 🙄
 PatchesTeeth Do you fucking to and from Walmart? Jesus. Where is your car??
 SuccessfulGirl6 how they go to Walmart
the meaning of nail polish is the absence of Walmart to socialism😲👓emoji
Propose to me at Walmart.
Garnier Shampoo Or Conditioner Just  0.96 At Walmart! 
 jeremyiwhite  AsdaServiceTeam Walmart news 
 shihtzzu  therealcornett  IvankaTrump  Nordstrom  you can't afford Nordstrom's ...Go back to Walmart .....Dollar tree.....lol
 Donivq35 dawg does that SS-R work at Walmart too? Or was he just a customer?💀
 walmart it's now 554pm and still no groceries. 5th week in a row waiting more than 20 minutes. No more though… 
Hey  walmart 45 minutes and counting. I literally could've already gone in, bought, and consumed my groceries in th… 
I'm at  Walmart_br in Belo Horizonte, MG w/  craoliveira84  a_lopesfoz  janinhamarvie  anapaul70700377  wanderson55n 
😃😃When you only need two things at Walmart but they're on opposite ends of the store!!😃😃
Forgot my wallet in the car at Walmart and the person in front of me paid for my groceries when I went out to get my money 😭 ❤️
people always think ghosts only haunt certain places but what if they're with us everywhere? like haunting it up at your local walmart?
 oliviaamcgintyy u learn a lot at Walmart
some of the bitches at walmart is cute though ☺️😂😂
 PascoRevolution but do you REALLY want to shop at Walmart? Not me. Not until they pay employees a decent wage with benefits!
*GAME CHANGER* FREE 2-Day Shipping at Walmart! -  deals  coupons 
Amazon gets customer sacrifice. Works obsessively to eliminate it! Why is this so hard for others to undertand? 
 1.98 Walmart 
💛GOLD: 113420434💛
💛ROSE GOLD: 119423619💛

Check stock levels near you on… 
 Nordstrom  HBMGrace Actually join Walmart & Kmart for the customer clientele you are wanting.
 kms2651  Kauairockchick  thepowerofmeow  SDDNOLE 
Walmart sucks
SHE will do better than them
 MeganeKamisama Walmart snacks arent expensive
how's my day? i almost had a breakdown in walmart because i couldn't find eye drops.... s/o to  HaileyMitchel14 lol. forever savin the day.
 Haikukitteh  ChrisJZullo  PoliticalAnt  Walmart they believe in "customer is always right" even if the customer is rude and obnoxious.
 Kmart y'all are the OG, so much better than that shameful parasite Walmart.
...Parents picked up order at 6th St.  Walmart. Then stopped  BankWithBOS. I stayed in car; Stomach is in pain, after buffet + free  coffee.
Walmart ... target .. the grocery store.... 
Good stuff at Walmart.. love the Roasted Garlic and Herb 
Having anxiety about buying a pair of  15 leggings at Walmart.. 😅 bigspender  poorcollegestudentprobs
First off cashier at Walmart told me I looked 17 and then proceeded to tell me how her life was falling apart. Swear I'm a psychiatrist
Dock Talk:  FLWFishing confirms reduced role for  Walmart 
Keranique at CVS, Sephora, or Walmart? - 
S/o to the guy selling turtles outside of walmart that is true  hustle
Tell us about your spark 
 100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway 
Haha I'm in your store!! (  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Burleson, TX) 
Javi got a valentine so he gave me  2 and 3 pennies so I could go Walmart and buy him chocolates to give his valentine😢
 Walmart I have, as well as called customer service.Yet to be rectified.  amazon will have this tv on doorstep tomorrow.
 laurelworlds  ChrisJZullo  Walmart Walmart cares more about money than even it's employees. If it starts to lose money, they will buckle
 najiyahroberts my lazy ass just bought some from Walmart 😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Calexico, CA 
 lox21_ no I usually get it from Walmart
The list of retailers that continue to sell Trump brands includes Walmart, Amazon, and Bloomingdales.… 
I walked clean out of Walmart with a naked smoothie and didn't notice 😑 i returned it when I noticed though  notathief 😂
 ArkansasJobs  ARJobs  jobs Shopper Marketing Manager, Walmart - Kellogg Company - Rogers, AR visit➔ 
 heyykay47 👀 they should be selling outside Walmart soon
chanel vs walmart  heavydirtysoulmusicvideo 
[realizes they sell amiibo card packs at walmart] 
 MichaelTrey  WinnDixie sounds like someome tryin 2 save a 1 , or had call outs. Or they are taking  Walmart approach, 32 lines & 2 open.
Everybody trying to buy water at Walmart like 
Ran across this beauty   Walmart.  beardsandflanel  ourspasticfamily 
But for me to have to pray before I went into Walmart earlier 😂
Superior Farms kills lambs inhumanely for sale to Kroger and Walmart. Cheap meat is not worth the price you pay for the cruelty!
 at_karl_ got them at Walmart. Not polarized tho
 KxngBajan Which Walmart?
 jloomstein I don't know if Walmart has a chance. Amazon is playing an entirely different game with their own air cargo fleet, drones, etc.
IM AT WALMART AND MY MOM IS BUYING ME KYLOS LIGHTSABER FINALLY
Especially walmart😩
 NightWritergrrr You can get a loom kit at Walmart for around  30.
If someone can drive me to Walmart and the Cricket store, I'll buy them food.
This guy just tried pranking me at Walmart I'm never coming here again
 impocahotass Walmart? Bitch where? 
Make these Frosted Football Brownies for your  superbowl party  ad  brownies... by  HomesteadWish via  c0nvey
Tums Just  1.73 At Walmart! 
 sinamonnroII tbh, u can make hard copies and choose how many photos u want on each page in whichever layout u want
Come see  HTC_Adriana & I at Walmart off of Beltway 8!🎉🎉🎉

2 days until  SB51 
 SuperBowl  TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker 
so I've been at the bus stop for almost an hour now. I stopped by Walmart to buy some candy that i wanted to share with someone
 RoguePOTUSStaff the question is - where will they find it since stores are dropping it? Walmart ?
The movie stuff has come down in price at my walmart 
 HTC_Kelly & I are at Walmart in Pasadena right NOW! 🤗 
Is  PepeTheFrog still banned in America ?  Will  Walmart and  Target carry  pepe merchandise ? 
On a healthy eating kick. Just spent a ton of dough at Walmart for good eats. And Pringles. Gotta have Pringles.
just peeped an irate white man yelling at security in walmart 🏃🏿‍♀️💨
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart's new competitor… 
 JessicaVosk it's Walmart....so I'm sure you're fine. 😉😁 
I see u Walmart 
Wet n Wild ONLY  0.43 at Walmart 
That great moment when Jicama is  1.75 at Walmart 😍😭
Walmart need a dating app. I'm sure they'll get a lot of love connections
 baleighh2 omg I got the notification for this and we are in Walmart and I gasped really loud and now everyone's lo… 
I hate Walmart. Why can't Safeway have what Walmart does...
Can't spell Walmart without art
Election Buzz - Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cocoa, FL 
Walmart sells human race lol
I'm about to embark on the journey of assembling a Walmart 5 shelf bookcase. Please pray for me.
Small money maker on the yogurt!

Couponing at Walmart: 3 FREE Oikos Yogurt, Quaker Real Medleys Oatmeal Just 12¢..… 
 angelakwanzaa Kim went to Walmart  and me and tiff chilling the kids watching cartoons
Walking through Walmart and see this jem  smosh  SmoshGames 
 BLVCKCarlee_ 😂😂 you remember that first night we met and Jalin and D Wilson walked back to Walmart 😂
I need to go to Walmart but I can't seem to get my legs to working
Customer Fulfillment Associate - Walmart Canada - Oshawa, ON 
 BrittPettibone As they should. She switched to child labor in Ethiopia, no one should be buying her garbage. Nordstrom isn't Walmart.
So is  Walmart going to pick up Ivanka's clothing line?  Nordstrom
Why do people use the Walmart bathroom as a phone booth? Give me peace.
Come visit me and  HTC_Angelina at Walmart on S. Kirkwood! Here from 4-6 ✍️autographs and photos📸😄🎉 TexansCheer… 
** 10 thrift store hoodie, 5 Walmart sweats,  15 slippers 
I'm annoyed at this shitty ass line Walmart got bro.
The kids will love these Cocoa Cremes Penguin Pals  ad  recipe  dessert... by  CreativeArtwks via  c0nvey
 prieannamom Good for you girl! Try that melatonin from Walmart. I get the 10mg max strength.  They should help
LOL I'm at Walmart and this little kid just walked into a chair and then plopped face town on the floor and just laid there. He's over it.
Skippy PB Bites Just  1.98 At Walmart! 
Earn SB in your neighborhood with SB Local  AmazonGC  Walmart  free  rewards  Swagbucks  InstaGC
Ivanka trump should start working on her new hijab collection for Walmart
Hey Ivanka. Perhaps the fat Walmart shoppers might be interested in your ugly trinkets.  Socalimilitia1  donkeyarguing
This Walmart trip is too much for me.
 Walmart where's my package? Because it said it was gonna be delivered today & it's not here
 Lainey02  yesjayme  MonkeeSass I picked a bad time to go to bank and Walmart.  Double happy valley. 🎉🎉🎉
I got caught in a new makeup trap at Walmart. 😍😍
 mospurpose I accidentally deleted it. I'm on Walmart wifi so it's all glitchy and I deleted the other
walmart
 amazon Really? You advertise on Breitbart? My Prime membership hangs in the balance. PS I haven't shopped WalMart since '05.
 JoyAnnReid  Tina49747372  BI_RetailNews when this is over she will be lucky to hawk her cheap made in China goods at Walmart.  IvankaTrump
Two in one! I gotta meet Lo's baby today & Jordan & Courtney's baby. 👶🏼😍😍 best Walmart trip. ❤️😂
9-11 STANDING FOR THE FALLEN Video Tribute  GovernorTomblin  Walmart  MollieManhattan  MilwaukeeMPS  GovWalker
Maybe if I just never come back from my break they won't notice? 🤔 Walmart on the third of the month is not a fun place.
. reckless  waltmossberg Control Walt Delete—the “electronic section at Walmart“ of Podcast.
Minute Maid Cartons Just  1.95 At Walmart! 
Have met all my HTC Sisters yet?! We're like Pokemon Go...Gotta catch Em all!! Lol come see me and  HTC_MorganS at… 
[ 129.99 save -31%] Fitbit Flex Wireless Activity Tracker  59.95   Walmart Canada 
 Snapple Why are your 32oz bottles getting harder to find in grocery stores here in the Phoenix area? (Frys/Marketplace & Walmart)
I had some dude at Walmart tell me I look 23....kinda sketched out
& tomorrow make 4 months at Walmart 😂🙄
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in East Syracuse, NY 
Ariana has some cheap looking cat ears this year. It looks like she bought it from Walmart. Girllll
Let's just take a moment to remember  Betzizzzle breaking her door handle and literally running in Walmart when we had a whole hour left 😂
Saw a handicapped driver turning at Walmart while scraping an old man's walker while he was trying to cross the road & driver didn't stop
Trending:  Walmart,  BMZ_Bund Funding Drives Textile Innovations Here and Abroad 
Well it is done... Dale will have his mommy back at night.... going back to a Walmart store so very excited
Walmart: Garnier Hair Products Only  0.50! 
I hate Macclenny's Walmart with a passion because there's no escaping running into my entire graduation class
 transscribe According to GoodRx it's  10 for 30 5mg tabs at Walmart, cash. 
FREE Ken's Salad Dressing At Walmart PLUS OVERAGE! 
Found over  7,050.27 in potential profit from Walmart/Electronics to sell on Amazon!  OA
I look too cute for this Walmart but my wallet isn't cute enough for target so here I am w my cute ass lol
historyinmoment: This Dad Lost 300 Pounds By Doing Something He Calls the Walmart Workout 
Magellan RoadMate 5320-LM 5″ GPS with Lifetime Map Updates -  49.46: Walmart offers Refurbished : Magellan -… 
Glenda J. of Ellisville, MS  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
If never ceases to amaze me whenever I go to walmart and see how rude and disrespectful people are.
Wonder if Walmart radio will play cherry pie or I want your sex if I request it.
who goes to Walmart, gets their oil changed and forgets their card at home? oh wait, that's me. 🙃🙃🙃
Bruh Walmart really bs'n w/ the W2's tho 😒
Really Big  BigData At  Walmart:  Real-Time Insights From Their 40+ Petabyte Data Cloud - Forbes 
Make these Frosted Football Brownies for your  superbowl party  ad  brownies... by  payin21 via  c0nvey
Why do all of my exs end up dating Walmart versions of me lmao
I'm tryna be that middle aged black dude that pull up the Walmart in a beamer and hop out in a marvel comic shirt
 PRT  Specials  Wilmar Corporation W1193 119 Piece Multi Use Tool Set 
 lassasommers  shannoncoulter  womensmarch  amazon Walmart doing 2 day ship without subscription. Amazon it's time for u to  dumpthetrump
This man stealing in Walmart 😂😂 Ian see nun tho 👀
Date night. Currently parked outside Walmart waiting for my date BUT I'm not inside Walmart because I'm staying sane.  theSallyismyfavorite
Speak Up Against Walmart! via  Change
 stephenasmith you need to visit the Rogaine section in Walmart
 RobLo_Xero  vicious696 it scanned at 155.00 at Walmart. Nothing was wrong with it. They said it was a return. Traded my old PS4 mins after
Walmart had Pokémon Sun and Moon products in stock, openings coming to YouTube soon!  Booster box opening tomorrow. 
 Walmart  DougMcMillon As a key advisor to DT, will you advise against the Muslim Ban?  WallofUs  CEOsAgainstTheBan
i hate going to the lafayette rd walmart
 alexisrenea4 Walmart in sb. It's 2  lol
All I wanted from the Walmart was a bag of chips. This is the shit that greeted me. And people wonder why America i… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Indianapolis, IN 
 WeCanChangeUS  IvankaTrump  Walmart Never shop at Walmart anyway!
 scoot_dat_ass  _Jordan______ we was but Walmart fired me cause I was sick 😒💯
 kathylstadler  Riverar2429 Not even at Walmart! Boycott any company that distributes Products that benefit Trumps.
I should've went to Walmart when I was omw home from work
why is everyone and their mom at Walmart rn!!!
 Sciencephiktion I think walmart recently had cool steel books for the first 3 or 4
 SuperBowl 2017: Here's where to get bargains on TV sets from  Walmart,  BestBuy,  Target and  hhgregg:… 
This Dad Lost 300 Pounds By Doing Something He Calls the Walmart Workout 
 stassywassy_ it's  5.97 at walmart
Finally, Walmart can offer loans at 30% to help their customers get back on their feet. Thanks Mr. President for st… 
Overnight Stocker - Walmart Canada - Pickering, ON 
Sales Associate - Walmart Canada - Pickering, ON 
I wanted to get the Gordan's salmon at Walmart but it was to little got the beer battered redneck See Stolen Culture.
where all the walmart deciding what to get for dinner?
You can't make this shit upTrump will be advised on the issue of women in the workplace by Walmart CEO Doug McMillo… 
newstalkflorida: Walmart is offering free, fast shipping to compete with Amazon: 
 Walmart I got it sorted out.
The Inhuman Squishy Zombie for  15 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET - Inhuman Squishy Zombie for  15 + pickup at Wa...
Lmao I just saw a homeless man running away from a cop and 2 Walmart security guards and he GOT AWAY 😂😂
 allfatrunners  intenseslowrace
Due to the missed time from work for various reasons I have been let go from Walmart. (I have rehire status in 6... 
Clean and clear water for me and the girls? Yes, please!  BritaStream  Walmart  Sponsored... 
 MonsterEnergy Had to stop at the booth outside of Walmart in Layton utah and see the cute girls you had out there… 
Omg😂😂😂  simplynessa15 I REMEMBER that Walmart story
This family in Walmart smells so bad I moved to a line 3x longer because I was going to puke
 RevaeTC  ATCanonymous I buy  12  Walmart backpacks and lunch bags in September for teams.
About to go in Walmart and act like I'm not only there for two things 🙄
Ima be in line forever bc 49 Walmart so so slow and slaw
 gokusotsukun The walmart by my uni only stocks like.. two Nintendo figs at a time.. argh, maybe I'll have to cave in.
I can officially say that I have been Walmart in two countries 😆😜  … 
LMAO  Walmart  WHEN DID Y'ALL START SELLING HEAT 
  so next time I go to Utah it's not an enormous Walmart parking lot. You can kick in some bucks cause he's dreamy.… 
About to pass out in the camping section on Walmart...
We're HERE at Walmart on 345 HWY 6 in Sugarland! Come see us 🎉🎉🎉🎉  TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker  HTC_Bethany 
 ZachBatal my bad I'll wear Reebok and Walmart shirts :)
 sega_paradox YEAH ah i just found it at a walmart for like. 9 bucks? i havent really been looking for them but im happy i found it
I never truly realized how bad people can drive until I started pushing carts at Walmart. How tf y'all even get a license??? 🤔🤔
I just ran into the automatic doors at walmart. 🙃
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers

when i grow up i want to be a walmart cart pusher
Jackie T. of Calhoun, GA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 jxliana be a strange man in the Greenville Walmart
I find the coolest stuff at walmart..
 Walmart  KUHoops go Jahawk? 
Just saw Deep-Fried Twinkies in the freezer section at Walmart. I almost threw up.  quickwaytodeath
 realDonaldTrump 
 why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
I've never been stared at so much then today at Walmart when I walked in with my super bowl 49 t shirt. (Which the patriots won)
Give your beloved furry feline delicious Meow Mix Bistro from Walmart! They'll purrr-fectly love it!  ad 

I really hate the Walmart in Clinton... like reallllllly
 ssshanesse Walmart or any beauty supply store.
Walmart: Fisher-Price Infant-to-Toddler Rocker Sleeper  20 - Thumb Score: +1 Walmart has the Fisher-Price Infan... 
 Sammar_23  Trell2015  TIME  motto That's because you can't afford it. Sorry your EBT card won't work in clothing stores,  maybe Walmart.
A Walmart version of a Chanel look :') 
New High Dollar Coupon for Dulcolax And Walmart Matchup! 
Walmart is offering free, fast shipping to compete with Amazon: 
Share your favorite Traditional Medicinals tea!  TeaForAll Enter to win  250 Gift Card! 
 reverenddg  sglyhne  Sargon_of_Akkad Which is pretty much what Republicans stand for. Dick bosses. Mc Donalds, Walmart, Exxon, Goldman..
my mom hates me she bought WALMART pizza
Dude the shit you see at Walmart 😂
 DrPhil  cashmeousside  FridayFeeling this is hysterical!  Walmart ✌🏿️ 
 ChrisJZullo  MrJamesonNeat  Walmart I haven't shopped there in years!  humanrights  livingwage
🤣🤣🤣
Ivanka Trump NEW White Ivory Crochet-Knit Women's Size 14 Sheath Dress  148  082 - 
throwback to when me and my best friend went to Walmart to buy it 💜

 2YearsOfReflection 
"if Walmart had a school dance, I would totally go" - Nicole__Hoffman
 MrJamesonNeat i hate walmart
Keeping it classy on a Friday night.  subwaysandwich and cheap Walmart wine. 
 Nordstrom  IvankaTrump  washingtonpost don't think  has a thing to worry about. Maybe she can get Walmart to carry her cheap brand.
What a trip to Walmart 😂 
If Walmart and Costco are enough of a draw gas is 99.6/L in Peterborough. Wow, I filled up for 106.9 before leaving town.
I just spent  45 in Walmart, didn't even buy an ounce of food 🤦🏾‍♀️
 GrabYourWallet  BoycottWalmart unless & until it discontinues  IvankaTrump 's items.  Walmart 
 Kappahiime walmart's got some decently affordable no contract phones! nyx showed it to me a long time ago when i needed to get one ;w;
Baked Spinach and Onion Cheese Dip  ad  recipe  spinach  onion  cheese  dip... by  CoralieSeright via  c0nvey
I want all the pet fish from Walmart 🐟🐠
I'd say  GrabYourWallet & boycott Walmart but... I. Don't. Know. Her. 
Shoutout to the old lady I met at WalMart who thought that the Georgia Bulldogs were playing in the Super Bowl when she heard "Atlanta."
. walmart, do you oppose the anti-immigration executive order?  greatcompany 
I'm not about to buy a shirt you stole from Walmart with your name ..in a ugly design for 40  
 PRT  BabyFood  Gerber 2nd Foods Organic Baby Food Fruit and Veggies Pumpkin 
Taking my brothers to Walmart makes me want to leave my brothers at Walmart
Try here: 
So I'm in Walmart I've gotten far away from my ex... Minutes later.. He finds me & he calls my name and my phony as… 
First time I can actually say I went to Walmart for 2 things and came out with just those 2 things. Proud of myself lol.
Mitchell W. of Destin, FL  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
How to Coupon at Walmart 
 yandere_asian to Walmart I go
God I hate where I live, went into Walmart it was literally packed with all hicks...
My cart just got snatched by a townie at Walmart
I'm tired of YouTubers charging 26296393  for a low quietly,ugly design, Walmart stealing shirt ... 
 Kappahiime my personal recommendation, in case ur interested: !!
If you've been experiencing a slump in your tweet game I advise going to your local Walmart and people watching. Lots of good material there
 Tarheel_Sports_ Go get some bottles of water from walmart
If you're thinking of getting a Yeti, go for the Ozark Trail (from Walmart) version. It's way cheaper and it's just… 
My boss just asked if I like to walk around Walmart while stoned lmao
 racheline_m it is a very very NYC specific thing. To them: cross between deli and Walmart, at 1/100 size.
Walmart sign guy:
Not even close to being centered. 
I hate going into Walmart man these niggas slow asf!
 Walmart's private  cloud allows them to get more timely  insights for  inventory control  retail  analytics  IT
 OfficialGsspGrl In 5th grade I was bullied for being white and for wearing clothes from Walmart. Still stings.
Gadddd i hate organizations that sit outside of walmart n beg fer money. Sell me somethin
Need a ride to Walmart
I hate Walmart.. 
Just saw somebody drop their bag w a fish in it in front of Walmart. I just watched helplessly as it flopped around 😢
This 30-Minute Chili is a quick and easy dish for your  superbowl party  ad  ... by  SimplySherryl via  c0nvey
I'm sleepy and my momma wanna play in Walmart 😕
 ReformedBroker lol. Nothing changes but rhetoric. Walmart shoppers glaring at each other wondering if Dem or Repub or annoying independent
Hate being in Walmart...
Found over  423.59 in potential profit from Walmart/Household Essentials to sell on Amazon!  OA
hi at Walmart  liveme My Info m.:

 deepIyashton  Ashton5SOS THSI IS LIKE UP&GRADING FROM WALMART TO GUCCI
Just saw a wife go 5 kinds of crazy on her husband here at Walmart. Someone say the rosary for me and pray I get out of here safe. Thanks.
Chanel / Walmart 
Came to Walmart to get two bars of soap and end up spending  200. SMDH
What do me and q something as  we come to Walmart, we eat Swedish fish
 Walmart what's the deal? One price on the app... way different at checkout? 
Amazon vs Wal-Mart.  Who wins?


 UAHMGT
 thecreepestshit at Walmart.  Guy comes up to me and try to hit on me.. man I'm basically married
I'm at Walmart & i just seen a cute guy with a Neck Deep shirt & I lost him & I'm sad because I was gonna talk to him 😭
 HTC_Emily & I are at the Walmart on S Rice Blvd. Come say hi & get a pic with us😻📸  SB51 
Baked Spinach and Onion Cheese Dip  ad  recipe  spinach  onion  cheese  dip... by  SimplySherryl via  c0nvey
i don't feel like going in walmart
 CNBC  Kramer_Katie  boycottWalmart  Walmart ceo should leave Trump council to, time to boycott all companies who attend.
 stustone I called my local  one and checked website, they don't have it at all online either. Is it in every Walmart?
I liked a  YouTube video from  bd007marky The Disinfo Dr. Shill and Walmart FEMA Camps
i just heard this old woman in a scooter in the frozen food aisle at walmart talking about Cena and Orton wtf lmfao
Congressmen who approved this nightmare Cabinet must not be forgotten.  Let's make it hard for them to get job at Walmart.  SenSasse
Admittedlr I've never been very good at math, but m'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Yet pornstar parents "should be shot!" said granny in a Walmart parking lot in middle America....

Wow.
The walmart parking lot in poky makes me SO ANGRY
 LoadingCryy not as bad as Walmart employees :P
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
Congressmen who approved this nightmare Cabinet must not be forgotten. Let's make it hard for them to get job at Walmart.  SenatorFischer
 HTC_JulieH  TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker  HTC_TaylorCr where r yall goin after walmart?
Walmart has no class smh 
SICK OF NOT BEING ABLE TO FIND THE GUACAMOLE SEASONING IN WALMART BECAUSE EVERY WORKER I ASK TO HELP ME DOESNT SPEAK ENGLISH
Accidentally went to Walmart on the 3rd 👀👀👀
Lol I told Mary I had class ' so that I wouldn't be in walmart til tomorrow . Now I have to find somewhere to go 😂😭😩
When in Walmart......... 
 monkeyingaround  inthebeginging  planetoftheapes
11 dollar IEMs that are better than the shit you buy at walmart
Em recorded them ann coulter bar's in a Walmart.
My mom is a weenie I cannot believe she let me get fucked up on my own and then she takes me to WALMART WHY
OKAY I WAS AT WALMART WHEN THIS DROPPED AND RAN OVER TO TACO BELL JUST TO WATCH IT, MUST REMEMBER 
 Hannnaa_ lol! Idk where she got them 🤔 Walmart maybe
 _Shay_Lynn Walmart, they have a great deli!
Walmart trip with  zane and  HeathHussar would be goals
at a Walmart  liveme My Info m.:

chanel vs. walmart 
I'm at  Walmart in Vienna, VA 
WaltSaysStuff stevo_v aljaz172 FPL_Fly FPLHints I never heard the pronunciation prior to my visit of P&G's Walmart HQs. Tried - people
 CourtReagan  Walmart by the way did he kiss the ring of King Trump? I would never go, not worth it. All for Trump ego and PR.
He confessed to snorting  40 worth of heroin in the restroom at a Huntington Walmart. He had a 1-year-old with him.… 
Oneida County Sheriff's Office Makes Arrest in Rome Walmart Larceny
 goodtroubleme  roomonezerosix Bernie is walmart trump. They're the same.
Throwback to New Years.  goonsquad  goons  walmart  peopleofwalmart  memories  gavinputthoff 
Just posted a photo   Walmart North Miami Beach 
 ChampIncineroar  WholeFoods  Walmart This looks like an amazing combination. 😍
It's so awkward running into my ex at Walmart I need to move I tried to act like I ain't see him like 
My boyfriend just seduced me into going to Walmart. He's the devil.
 CourtReagan  Walmart CEO should drop out like Uber CEO.
I got a free  Pantene Expert sample from the  Freeosk at  Walmart. 
Idk why people think that Harvey group me is Walmart
Adventures in Contentland Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart's new competitor: 
 collin_rinehart  Isaiah2k76er  Atrain2014  ja8p  ASS_JIZZ1 y'all won't even come to PC you can get your ass beat in Walmart parking lot
to the little girl in a cheetah print jacket in Walmart and that said "I really love your high heels"...

You made my day. Stay fab. 😚
My mom started yelling/cussing at a problematic white woman at Walmart just now. The woman and a guy were fighting over a sparking spot..
Ima go to Walmart in my wife beater
I need to go to Walmart wtf ☹️
 Walmart and it's CEO are full of shit.
Saw a young kid, ugly crying at Walmart because she didn't get her way...Damn they start training those liberals early nowadays
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Jacksonville, FL 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
ok dang so this walmart cashier said "hey how r u doin today" & the girl in front of me in line said "look I'm not here to make friends" lol
 WaltSaysStuff  stevo_v  aljaz172  FPL_Fly  FPLHints I never heard the pronunciation prior to my visit of P&G's Walmart HQs. Tried - people
 Walmart I have been waiting in line at the money center for 30mins. Really makes no sense they only have 1 person
 anwar_frogy yes Walmart
We are here until 6pm!!! 🏈🏈🏈 Come by and see us at Walmart on Dunlave!!! 
 TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker  HTC_TaylorCr 
Ok but why do these  3 leggings from Walmart make my ass look better than Victoria's Secret?¿
In other semi related news I have to drive back to Walmart to get something for dinner yay
I just swiped my student ID at Walmart  if y'all were wondering about my mental health.
This might be the world’s best-rated  7  wine. How did Walmart get a lock on it? 
We'll see increase in  Walmart shares rising with greedy sycophants. Buy American-made goods, boycott ALL Trump bra… 
Don't miss out on your chance to  win a  100 Walmart gift card!  FocusontheFacts  giveaway  ad 
My pizza should be getting delivered at anytime and I'm out here at Walmart with my roommate. If I miss my food she catching my fade 😂😂
 micaylaschlaff can you take me to Walmart
 FoxBusiness  Walmart Left: "HSSSSS EWW NO JOBS HISSSSS!!!" *sets fire to something*
anybody else have that charger that's from walmart and keeps your phone from dying but doesn't charge it? that life support cord? feel me?
Man Arrested After Snorting Heroin, Passing Out with Child in Huntington Walmart: Officers arrested a man after he… 
The Walmart by Texas Tech university is consistently understaffed  Walmart  fix it please
fuck. why'd i come to walmart on the first friday of the month?!
I don't use Walmart self checkouts because I don't know how they work.  NoShame
i'm sorry  whoevers in walmart because i'm gonna scream
That's the second Walmart I've seen selling all its leftover Black Friday games (you can tell by the colored dots on the cover). Look busy!
A recipe that could cover off any meal, for any day. Spaghetti nests!  realsolutions 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Bentonville, AR 
"If a Walmart could vomit, this is what would come out."

(I fucking love Triumph)


the  creepiest thig that happens to me in walmart 
 KaBrent  thehill walmart
 crazygreyhound it scares me to think about how fucked up someone has to be to get kicked out of walmart
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
Chanel vs. Walmart  LWNSKY 
Dinner  jasonsdeli Dunwoody then my  Falcons  RiseUp Meet and Greet at Walmart ATL 4725 Ashford… 
 FakeEyes22 is the fig one of those off brand Walmart ones? Kong looks great though
 Walmart Everyone,if you're willing to leave a like / retweet to try to make it so the Wal * Mart corporation sees this than that'd be great
I wonder, will Ivanka be there? She clearly knows what women need, right? Especially the women who work at Walmart.
Two girls just followed me into Walmart to tell me that the guy from pizza pizza wants my number...are people wild or? They fully stalked me
 Pancreassassin insulin pen tips?  Box of 50 ReliOn brand at Walmart is  9.
 sarah_greenie Walmart should have em
Every time I hear "just follow these gun safety rules" I think of the Dad at WalMart who shot himself in the femoral artery.
WIN a  100 Walmart Shopping Spree 
Amazon has been testing product listing ads in the toy category 
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women i: mom jeans stuffed in Ug. boots = Hell
I'm at Walmart -  mundowalmart in Curitiba, PR w/  the_spaww  adelmohh  adrianaunacio  alessandrofer2 
UberFacts: Walmart employee finds  350 in a parking lot and doing the right thing costs him his job... 
Huffington Post: Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers…  NewsInTweets
my coworker gave me a tab to welcome me to Walmart. i think i can get to like these people !!
 MattRayTalk there's a 60" 4k for 600 at Walmart. Gah.
DEAR LORD DID HE JUST SMOKE FRUIT LOOPS I HAVR TO LEAVE TO GO TO WALMART FOR SOME CERAL GTG BYE BOO 
 realDonaldTrump Walmart going downhill only wants to promote self Check out where is commitment to real jobs
I AM IN WALMART AND CANNOT WATCH THE MV IM HAVING A STROKE
Coming soon to an  artery near you!  mcdonalds Grand Mac.   Walmart Kissimmee - W Vine St 
MY FLASH WENT OFF IN WALMART WHEN I WAS TRYING TO TAKE A PICTURE OF THIS 
Hey  rickygervais Walmart Canada makes it easy to find  anidiotabroad by searching "testicle" /  testiclehead… 
When i can't find tostadas   walmart & I'm talking to my parents on the phone & they try to guide me to where they could be 😂😂
moms work check. fish pick up check, mailbox check, hair cut check, taco bell, walmart all done home and unloaded
 Walmart It's still a work in progress but I'm almost done. I've spent a lot of time on it, I've worked extremely hard on it.
 realcaboodles Planning to feature the Cutie Mini Accessories Caddy in a video- bought recently   Walmart. Will it be available online?
A random Walmart employee suddenly booped me and said "Boo!" and I jumped before realizing it's a friend I actually do know.
 Walmart I mean, if I'd be required to do edits to it or the name I'd be completely willing to comply. I just want permission before I do.
Saint Clair Walmart. I should start stashing peanuts in my pocket before I go. 
when you go to Walmart hungry and don't leave with anything you don't need🙌🏼
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 30 Points! WOO HOO!!
Fix Your Sagging Mattress with a Mattress Helper⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ FREE 2 Day Ship 
 MemphisTaughtMe lmao I remember when Justin Timberlake was in town and shut down the whole millington Walmart just to buy an Xbox
 DarrinMatteson same with Walmart. Not that competitors are saints, but certain companies rise above the crowd in being extra awful.
Is this bitch wearing a Walmart bag? 😂 
So when  Walmart says free 2 day shipping, they meant on just part of my order. Not sure why something is going to take 9 days to get here.
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  sm  smm
 twentyonepilots  YouTube IM WATCHING THIS AT WALMART SMILING LIKE AN IDIOT 
 sarah_greenie Dicks, Walmart, Fishing store(s)
Ima learn every step from that Apple commercial and stunt on a chick in WalMart dairy aisle
What a year at Walmart does to ya... 
 Walmart I'm working on a new game on ROBLOX, it's going to be a town roll play, just wondering if I'm allowed to u… 
where did you get your pink cactus from? because it... — Walmart! It was only seven dollars and they come in... 
im crinf im walmart
 ReTweet  Stroller  QuinnyBaby Moodd Stroller Red Envy 
 Peso500 I did lol your girl picked it up   Walmart
Walmart introduces new shipping policy to compete with Amazon 
 CryptoInfinity Thanks for pointing this out! Please visit so our online team can address the problem. -Rick
hbd to the only bitch creepy enough to take pics w me in showers and wear matching walmart christmas sweaters i lov… 
LG X Power shipper up at Walmart 5810! 
 Walmart glad you pointed that out bcuz I'll just bring in a random dog that isn't a service animal makes sense
I saw  cawestbrooks in Walmart today, I wanted to say hi, but I scurred lol.
shadowhunters heard about downworlders tv and they're trying. but its walmart vs. chanel so try harder, shadowhunte… 
Found over  1,020.70 in potential profit from Walmart/Home Improvement to sell on Amazon!  OA
 Ashton5SOS  5SOS at Walmart??
So I was in the Walmart parking lot, and I was using voice… 
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 3 Walmart wine is not terrible 🙃
A grocery run to Walmart turned into an impromptu date with this sweetie.  growinguptoofast 
Walmart to Begin Selling Cars They are taking over the World
Wal-Mart CEO Discusses Economy, Job Creation at Trump Meeting

  Global6027
Found Focaccia at Walmart so I'm feeling pretty good
 cytoscourge cut to me in my blue Walmart vest, looking bored as I halfheatedly lift up a mead horn.
Lol
haha YES! this is like my friend telling me he wants to run into walmart in 50's clothing and yell " 
 chucktodd Walmart has been very quiet so far concerning Trump.very interesting . Check how much Walmart buys from China and Mexico
Walmart, no ligo yez fam 😂💕 
The toothpaste isle in Walmart is so overwhelming. I always leave feeling like I just took an astrophysics exam
Found the powder recommended by  itsbl0ndie and the lip color recommended by  emilynoel83. Both on clearance at Wal… 
Walmart introduces new shipping policy to compete with Amazon - Business Insider 
should i do something stupid at walmart?
Woah wait a minute I like Walmart. Don't ruin Walmart with her crap 
Come see me &  HTC_LaurenCh at the Walmart off of S Post Oak! We're here from 4-6 😄😘 Can't wait to meet y'all!… 
Walmart lines be so fucking long 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
95% of people won't ever know the significance of pole 2 at Walmart 😂
 sweetgeorge48 check Walmart vitamin section first but if not look at pet shop or online puritan pride where I get them
. Target,  WalMart among retailers, grocers taking stand against proposed import tax plan 
This money center line in Walmart right now has to be a joke.
I wanna shoot pool and drink beer tonight , is that too much to ask for 😅
Walmart customers.  😂 
I don't shop at Walmart, egg head. 
Toilet Paper fort in Walmart: via  YouTube
Walmart only has 6 lanes open on a Friday afternoon.... do not shop in Columbia
Walmart Underground Prisons Exposed via  YouTube
 Brittin95 dude worth it! I wish my Walmart had that
 skawyer wait hold on your walmart sells deep fried twinkies?
I went to Walmart to get pens and ended up spending  50 wtf
I swear I hate coming in Walmart, these white people be breathing down your neck in line 😤
Why all of fv in Walmart today?
 AndreMartel my friend put that photo as the wallpaper on a display laptop in Walmart 
okay they were actually  2 at Walmart but for Victor's sake let's pretend
I rarely get on a flight that has less handicapped people than a WalMart
Roomie and I are meeting someone at Walmart in bolivar to get there cat. Stayed tuned to see if we survive
 WeThePiwko they have another one of those topps boxes that i got on clearance at my walmart
 best_rblx_dev walmart
she's getting a new job this month but she still has midnight shifts
Person:what's the weirdest thing you've done 
Me: stop at a walmart on my way home from college station so alex can turn in homework😂
A friend from LB is at the Redlands Walmart, calls me & goes:
"I can't tell you how much white trash and druggies are here..."
Wal-Mart CEO Discusses Economy, Job Creation at Trump Meeting

  global6027
I just fell in love at Walmart....gonna have to go back every Friday 😍😍😍 CutestGuyEver  MissedConnection  BecomingAStalker
 SBNLukeThomas Also loser of your game should have to spend an hour at Walmart  TLTS  BlameMarissa
 amiiboAlerts  PhreeStuff Walmart clearance prices are usually set by management and vary by store. Don't get too excited! Where is this?
 Deborah15072506  washingtonpost which begs the question...why are taxpayers subsidizing Walmart?
Come back beautiful man from Walmart.
Report: Walmart tests new c-store concept - Walmart continues to test new store concepts.    read more 
The pedestrians by Walmart are just asking to be hit 😒🙄
 officialtjzola You can always share your concerns with us at so our service team can assist you. -Ami
A Blessing from God.. 
Working with my Son.  
Thank You  Walmart ..for highlighting Black… 
 HeathHussar walmart with Heath and  zane should be a thing. I can see it now. Zane saying "how's my ass taste  DavidDobrik and  lizakoshy
Deep breaths as I walk into Walmart
 Yunghi  Walmart Trade war with China, first casualty will be Walmart.
Walmart Targets Amazon Prime With Free Two-Day Shipping 
Walked around Walmart for a solid 20 minutes with my fly down
🎉 HTC_Bethany & I will be at Walmart on 345 HWY 6 today from 4-6!!!! Come see us 🎉  TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker
 officialtjzola Service animals do not always have a harness, a sign, or a symbol indicating that they are service animals. -Ami
 filmystic  jjgills1 she could make a killing at Walmart
I gotta go to Walmart
UM IM IN WALMART AND I JUST SAW MY CRUSH AND IM WEARING UGLU THINGS EHY ME
As Seen At Walmart (OF COURSE!) Oh Walmart, you always amaze us 
I literally never have to go to Walmart unless I look like a hobo
Walmart Lake Nona: Reinventing the Supercenter experience 
 Smeistergamer  Walmart sure is pal
 officialajhernz  Walmart oh my gosh lol you did not look 21 ! You still look super young now lol
My grandma said she was going in Walmart to get a few things and I've been out here for like 40 minutes wtf
 Walmart and that's being easy on ya'll... Should have a phone holder and a Walmart gps system to navigate your confusing ass store ✊
Boarding a sold out AA flight is just shy of doors opening on Black Friday at Walmart...
Mfs fighting at Walmart 🤦🏾‍♂️
Buy Diet Dr Pepper at Walmart, Score Sweet Rewards!  
------->>   

 ColorMeSweet  ad 
 filmystic  wtfmain78 Maybe Walmart can pick up Ivanka's stuff. .
ULTRARICH  FCC regulator STOP 9 companies from offering  Subsidized  INTERNET access to poor.… 
Walmart and Kroger: Stop Selling Meat from Abused Lambs via  Change
 HannahSoliz_12  Walmart close I was 21 lol
Why is Walmart so packed ? 😩😩
 FunnyBrawls whatever fast food place that was looks like the new Walmart. Lol
XRIM  MONEY : FoxBusiness : .Walmart CEO talks  economy,  job creation at  Trump meeting
 … 
Hey Walmart. Why are your bathrooms always so post apocalyptic chic?
.Walmart CEO talks  economy,  job creation at  Trump meeting
 
.Walmart CEO talks  economy,  job creation at  Trump meeting
— FOX Business (FoxBusiness) February 3, 2017

 Mercha…
 southpawjones Damn. Now I gotta buy an econo pack of Thoughts and Prayers from Walmart.
 WeNeededHillary How about a terrorist attack on peroxide at Walmart or wherever she buys hers
When ur mom goes to Walmart 
it's so blinding I'm wearing sunglasses around Walmart
 _grunkle mine is literally 4 random words I chose as I was walking through Walmart 😂
Okay I go inside Walmart and I see a shitload of people in there and just about everyone in there are either wearing Falcons merchandise :o
WHY did they add a fuckimg BURGER KING in walmart instead of MCDONALDS... WHO EVEN EATS AT BK...
 RoosterTeeth ME!  Plus I'll buy the DVD at Walmart.  When you code it and release it.😎📀📅💯
Walmart just undercut Amazon’s most valuable perk via  BI_RetailNews
Never coming to Walmart again lmao 😂🙄 well maybe just not with my sister.
Calls Walmart "Wally world" 
You don't know how fed up you are until you've cursed out Wilford Brimley in the Walmart parking lot. Hope he didn't have diabetus.
2016 and no cup holders on shopping carts?  Walmart 
 nicole_border I've seen them in front of like brookshires or walmart
 itsonlywords Probably both, sorry; maybe Walmart* has something?
How the fuck did direct deposit go to Walmart banks before state employees? Something ain't right
Rudi went to walmart to buy me tampons... if that's not a true friend I don't know what is 😭💗💗
Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! Luv this service! 
. CitizenSullivan are your Bosnians  Muslims or Christians? If Islam you'll have major conflicts sooner or later. My Walmart uses Bosnians
 Korrasami FOREVER in my  heart.   Walmart Supercenter East Point 
 marcuslemonis  Mrgreen_tea  Walmart Dallas Texas
One does not simply run into  Walmart "real quick" on a  Friday afternoon.
 johnauthers  thehistoryguy You suppose Joe Sixpack has more Walmart shares in his IRA than Goldman shares?
 mshelles Please reach out to our support team at -Ami
Wahl Pro Complete Haircutting Kit for  17 + pickup at Walmart

had a dream that my fish got too big for their tank. very stressful trip through dream Walmart
Walmart employees are a whole different breed I swear 😳
 Chris_Stuckmann Walmart made multiple mistakes in the  5 bin 
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers  breakingnews
.Walmart CEO talks  economy,  job creation at  Trump meeting
  business
 Walmart is going after one of  Costco's most lucrative businesses: car sales. 
In Walmart parking lot and said "gotta start drinking by 6" and a woman stared at me and said Jesus Christ almighty Amen I'll pray for you
 realLKD This doesn't make things better but I would love to see Susie as a Walmart greeter, I literally would go there just to see her.
CAN  HeathHussar AND  zane START A NEW SERIES LIKE COFFEE TALKS BUT INSTEAD SHOP TOGETHER!??? HEATHS NEW VID IN WALMART HAS ME DYING😂
Walmart and Kroger: Stop Selling Meat from Abused Lambs - Sign the Petition! 
 squeedgemonster Yep. And Walmart has a choir CD. 
I feel like a Walmart manager and you are the Walmart employees...you get nothing done -Vijay Pacharne
Pretty soon anything you are looking for when you Google it the answer will be Walmart..... 
Going to Walmart is like visiting another planet inhabited by rejects from... 
 davebernstein  book_dragon I just want to know where Trump will kill me. The desert? Santa Monica? Inside a closed Walmart?
 SamsClub how you gonna jack your prices up for  SuperBowl party foods even higher than  Walmart  thataintright  whatamipayingfor
Everybody in Walmart 😩
. Walmart CEO talks  economy,  job creation at  Trump meeting
 
National Retail Federation's interests are whatever the Walmart family, Target, Best Buy etc ETC tells them it is.… 
To the guy who drives around Walmart and revs his truck that sounds like a lawnmower, IT AIN'T CUTE.  plsstop  itsoundshorrible
Currently I am wearing Walmart jeans and a tee shirt with a peacock  dressedlikea woman
 HoldenMirror  maxnrgmax  JohnnyUtah27  NRA  SGTMorgan811 name 1 army equipt with a Walmart AR 15--I'll wait  JoeyTusmc
 business And the fact that you can get her brands at Walmart. Not exactly same target market.
Everytime I come in Walmart I pick up something I don't need 🤦🏽‍♂️
 onenewsB who the hell cares what he thinks or approved..  and why are you talking to a  walmart door greeter? (aka former Obama staffer)
That  walmart partnership would be great. Let's get a pilot going. 
Found over  2,642.04 in potential profit from Walmart/Toys to sell on Amazon!  OA
I got a interview at Walmart tomorrow, hopefully I get it
This pillow was 2.50 at Walmart... couldn't pass it up. 
 Hector_CMS Enjoy my tax dollars at Walmart.  May want to lay off the Lays and Coke though.  Obesity is an epidemic among Trump supporters
Duff's Brownies and Blondies are always a win on gameday! Pick up a box at  Walmart and you'll be the super bowl pa… 
When you high af inside a Walmart and an employee says "you smell like marijuana" 
 matthewstoller  linamkhan Great paper. Here are some of my thoughts on the topic.
 CNBC Walmart goal is to keep people poor so they shop at their store. How much money does Walmart make off food stamp program
Grocery shopping (at  Walmart Supercenter in Las Vegas, NV) 
So excited to have been a Finalist for The Bump Best of Baby 2017 top toy picks for babies 6-9 months old!… 
going to class. filing taxes. living in lubbock. having surgery. washing dishes. shopping at walmart. valentine's d… 
Getting carded at Walmart because I'm trying to buy Tylenol, I don't have time for this bs today.
 Walmart how to run a business. 
Walmart and Kroger: Stop Selling Meat from Abused Lambs - Sign the Petition! via  Change   walmart  walmart  kroger
Public service announcement for all boys that Walmart has big stuffed animals for 10 dollars
Talking to my dad about melanin and he says " didn't I take you to buy that at walmart " 😭😭😭
 Walmart I ordered an item with 2 day shipping on the 1st and it will arrive on the 6th?
PSA: Girl Scouts start selling cookies at Walmart on the 17th of February:)
The Inhuman Squishy Zombie for  15 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  CNET  Gaming  Tech  News
Don't try and sell me your mixtape in the parking lot of Walmart.
We would love to work with  Walmart to bring our intelligent Personal Health Record closer to our target population. 
Walmart: Premier Protein Shakes 4pk Only  3.67! on  bloglovin
 Walmart Ayy man y'all Playin in y'all ass...
Krista I'm almost sure I saw you  Walmart in Welland Friday Jan 20 2017 around 5pm if it was you please contact me
 Postsemreh this is aftermarket, there's a ton of fitbit bands at like Walmart, including branded ones. It's just annoying
Gotta track my W-2 down cause Walmart mailed it to the wrong address 😡😤
steals cookies from walmart
kbye
BakerEze 12-Piece Bakeware Set Only  29.88 at Walmart! -  CookwareSet 
I explained Walmart's Digby amiibo
 yvng_sassy FUCKING WALMART
Admittedl: I've never been vehy good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Getting a new headlight at Walmart (going on 30 minutes) and the cashier is barking. No joke. Literally barking.
 Bias! Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers  zachdcarter +  ryangrim via  HuffPostPol
 aloadofhupla huh he was apparently found at a GTA Walmart also! Not looking for him but for people who are keep an eye out!
why is there so many bomb dudes working at the walmart im at 😭 every corner i turn
So my friend and I went to Walmart because we needed groceries. Fast forward 30 minutes and he's signing up for cable
Go in Walmart for two things and come out with a million 🙄😩
 Walmart I will never shop at a Walmart again
Some older man came up to me at Walmart and said "you're disgusting" and then walked away. It was awesome lol
Anyone know if they sell Olde English at Walmart?
Dow is back at 20k. Biggest post-election winner among Dow constituents = Goldman. Biggest loser = Walmart. Joe Six… 
Hanover Walmart greeter: A hug got me fired
 UbisoftSupport Fix your Walmart servers
 TEN_GOP Macy's dumped Trump and now are selling company. I guess Nordstrom's don't realize who their customers are (not Walmart shoppers).
I just need to go to Texas where the females work at Walmart but need to be at Onyx
Trip to walmart at 12am but no    .
This is my battle face.   Walmart Camden - Highway 641 N 
Um. Shopping for baby items...I think  Walmart might want to look into what toddler towels actually are.. 
Also had a lady tell me I look "agile" in Walmart
Me and Abb trying to go to Walmart: a cart almost hit the car, we parked in a giant puddle, and the doors we tried to go in were locked 😭
I done seen the whole union county in Walmart today
 rogerramosjr the best thing in austin is walmart
Don't think this will get taxed at the border.  Trump piñatas, fun for kids of all ages. Made In The USA? 
 jennasoldati I bought expired juice from Walmart and I'm pissed
I'm poor and work at Walmart now 
Shout out to Walmart for the  3 winter coats for Axton, next year 👏🏼  clutch
They are 😂 check Walmart 💀 
 Walmart I was on a business trip and went to the Supercentre in the Christown Spectrum, Phoenix, AZ - I live in the UK :(
Get this hot and cold compress back wrap fro as low as 5.99 delivered! Currently  12.95 at Walmart!… 
2 ladies behind me   walmart were like "beyonce should be on every magazine cover rn" IA
At the Walmart of liquor, standing in line next to Carlo Rossi jugs waiting for the Pappy tasting.
Stopped a purse snatcher today at Walmart  heckyeah
Donated supplies for students affected by tornado at  HawkinsElem &  fb_woodley from Rotary Club & Walmart!… 
 LanreAA uber na elite user things. Can't happen with Walmart. If it does, I'll be super surprised.
Walmart really did it today pissed me the fuck off 😤
 digthekicks Walmart, shoppers, anywhere really. Plus it's like 6 bucks.
 HTC_JulieH  HTC_NatalieY  HTC_TaylorCr  TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker make it Porter, or Kingwood Walmart & I be the first one there😉
 JATactor A female employee in the toy department I  often talk to told me this in Walmart the other day! 😉😊
Every IG/fb request I have to send to Lexy like "who's this" and she respond like "the one who was at Walmart that one time" and I'll know
 conservinews  TrumpPlutocracy  Meljanx yea like you are the only one that pays taxes. You are a welfare queen like the Walmart. 😜
 MacqueenNathan  Hi Nathan. Please contact your local Walmart directly.
OMG THIS WALMART HAS FREE WIFI  WALMARTISBoeingE  millennialtweets
Lmao these secret shoppers in walmart like nigga dnt see you
I love Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video from  markconnorstcr TCR:C Cox Exposed Mark Connors.He is really a janitor at WALMART
Tell me why he flexin for Hennessy, but got on Walmart slippers👀 
How to Use SEO to Compete Against Online Giants like Amazon, Target, and Walmart 
 SEOTips  SEO  Content
MAGÉ FROM WALMART FUCK YOU, FAT ASS UGLY CUNT.
 UberFacts now he can afford buying food from stores other then walmart with the way they pay ppl.
There's a lady walking across Walmart parking lot with a crockpot on her head.
 DaMayorOfGso  Serenitys_Daddy  Walmart on cone shopping center
 UberFacts it is walmart. what do you expect?
Quit my job yesterday at Walmart and started my new job today! Already so much happier
How about 100 followers overnight if we do that i will go into walmart and do a scarecam or overnight 24 hour challenge
boyyyy walmart do not play about they attendance policy 🙄
 Walmart THANK U FOR HAVING MY ESSENTIAL NEEDS I FINALLY GOT MY CHEESECAKE YALL DA REAL MVP FUCK SHOPRITE 
Star Wars 3.75 Black Series IMPERIAL DEATH TROOPER Walmart Rogue One New Sea...  StarWars 
 SenToomey  PA will be blue again in 2020 once it dawns that there is a net loss of jobs and Walmart prices rise!  noDevos  priceiswrong
Jay Walmart Playin with my W2 😒💯
I almost started cryin   Walmart today 
I'm freaking at Walmart 😪
An old man walks up to the urinal next to me at Walmart farts real loud and say "yep, that's gonna a booger to clean" 😂😂
HuffingtonPost : Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers … 
The genius of  JeffBezos and team.  Amazon  
 Jerry0ak I feel like I got these from Walmart and they make popping sounds occasionally
 DeriumsWifey  DeriumsPokemon 
Want sun &moon, but local walmart sucks so much they dont even have them out.... fml
I dress like a bum all the time at work, So when I'm off, I dress up like I'm gonna go party.... when really I'm jus going to Walmart🙂🙃🙂🙃🙂
So, who is tue genius that thought it would be wise torput the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 DaytripperGonzo honestly not at my store but it was probably like this at the baldwin park walmart
 Walmart 00659 this is why I hate shopping   ur store  alwaysunprofessional. I tell every1 go to  Publix or  Target for  alwaysgreatservice
 retail: Walmart, Target And Other Retailers Are Teaming Up To Fight Trump’s Border Tax 
Police arrest man accused of stealing televisions from NJ Walmart 
 taylaaaj__ my brother came and got us and first drive Walmart
i always go into Walmart for 1 thing and walk out with 20
The Inhuman Squishy Zombie for  15 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
 22BigDon I just bought some from Walmart! I haven't gone to the doctors yet. I hate going.. lol
Walmart off Burbank .. 
Did  Walmart explain that they rely on welfare to keep wages low, profits high? 
Now you can buy a car at your local Walmart 
This is What  Amazon's Jeff Bezos Understands and Walmart Doesn't  larsz
Sum total of today: really expensive boots, lame mall Chinese food and Walmart for groceries.
Oh my. Are folks gonna boycott Walmart now? 
This lady at Walmart wasn't expecting me to snap back at her, telling me I'd have to get back in line after filling out a paper
Dagnabit!!I really dislike  Walmart gotta go all the way back up there 4 a freaking BoeingG cashiers need 2 hand u ya bags since they bagging
Promo never stops 🎉😛  ForMePlusYou  AustinMahone at Walmart 
WHY ARE MEN AT WALMART SO CREEPY
& the  Walmart 00659 customer svc Mgr wasn't much better! I'm talking to her to relay my discontent & she starts talking to another employee
 Casshole247 hey if you have sinus pain, I have a facial steamer from Walmart that has vicks in it and its like  15 and it works wonders ❤
Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers 
 CNBC In other words, please don't boycott Walmart!
 Kid  Toys DC Universe  Batman & Robin Dynamic Duo Walmart Exclusive 6" Inch  Figure Set MIB  Sales  Deals
 Retweet  Specials  Arrow Fastener Co. T50VP Heavy Duty Staple Gun Kit 
Walmart employee finds  350 in a parking lot and doing the right thing costs him his job... 
Some guy at walmart said "ooo girl you looking fineeee" gotta love perchivlle weekend 😅
 TheRealLizRose certainly acceptable in WalMart, but questionable in an upscale place such as Target
Report: Walmart tests new c-store concept 
My boi dropped an  album.i told him that mf went walmart paper plate.It could have at least went copper .  😂😂😅 lol
Chanel vs Walmart 🐸☕️ 
Went to Walmart for some packing tape and ended up buying 200 games. Not bad. 
i thought i went to meijer. but i guess i went to walmart 
Jesus H Christ why are all these semi trucks in front of Corbin Walmart retarded this evening
 jj_pitts Thanks again - we will look into this. Meanwhile please do call the hotline we shared so we can take care of you. -Rick
I liked a  YouTube video from  beadsglitters My Shopping day In USA  3 | Collective Haul: Jo Ann Walmart
How adorable is this bathtime duo?! The PetJet is perfect for all babies, with or without fur. PC:  yourstrulyciera… 
My boyfriend sent me to get him shirts and socks and shit from Walmart.The cashier gonna be looking at me ... 
 FarmRichSnacks              HalftimeHero    wings and onion rings and cheese sticks loaded up at walmart for sundays big game party
 CNBC 

In Walmart almost 60% or more of the things you find are made in China
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Penguala – Pink/Teal Egg are in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals February 3, 2017 4:35 pm 
i pooping ate shit at the strip club lol then being silly at walmart love u all kiss kiss kiss
Walmart 🏪
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Draggle – Blue/Purple Egg are in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals February 3, 2017 4:35 pm 
Why do all guys who think feminism is a hate group look like they belong in an ad for Walmart sporting goods?
 Walmart  00659 Does every1   ur store hv to hv such horrible customer svc? The produce lady was rude as hell! I wanted to slap her!  almost
 peabodypress  GitRDoneLarry Use to have a joke that aid "If you don't like WalMart don't shop at freaking Walmart". Now it seems to be
 politico breaking news Jim the CEO of Politico was buying up the pacifiers at Walmart to pass out to all his lib babies at Berkeley and NYU
Why is there cat food under the valentines day category at 
walmart in wilton bms 🙄🙄🙄🙄
People Of Walmart! (17 pics)~
AKA WalFart! LMAO! 😅

So these are seeds, not starts like we have at Walmart or catalogue? I am impressed.  How long have you been a gardner? Master Gardner?
Best  birthcontrol watching peoples bad ass kids at  walmart on the first of the month
Fuck discount tire.  550 for 4 tires vs  240 for 4 tires at Walmart.
Interested in volunteering your time to the community tomorrow? Meet behind the west side Walmart at 8am. 
 ReTweet  Specials  Brother PC301 Black Toner Cartridge 
HuffingtonPost: Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers 
B: I just got  1,500 do you know what the means!
Me: no
B: bitches and bottles man!!!! (Then proceed to skip around Walmart)
I just saw a Mr. Noodle flavour at Walmart today called “oriental” what the actual hell
What a morning! Recorded 3 tracks, sent em out for mixing, met w/ my  clients, & currently at Walmart grabbing house shit lol
Win a  100  Walmart GC 
 GongZillla  Walmart I'm so disappointed in the no sex toys.
Win a  100 Walmart GC   
Walmart has to pay  1 million for saying their plastic bottles were biodegradable  & compostable when they weren't. 
Central in Walmart deep asl😂🤔
Win a   100 Walmart GC 
Came to walmart to return locks.. locked my keys in my car. 👌🏽
Win a  100 Walmart  GC 
 ashblyzer they make it in walmart
I swear Walmart just powers through whatever security they got....you gonna get them emails nigga
Win a  100 Walmart GC  
Anybody willing to help me take a trip to Walmart? I have to get cat food and litter, but after we can get food and play games!!!
Win a  100 Walmart GC 
 milk_shaykee I'm at the bus stop by Walmart
I swear there are cars just permanently parked in the front 15 spots at every Walmart because those spots are NEVER open
The best part is that he talks about superstars like they grow on trees... we just have to go to Walmart and get a… 
 AdamsExtract in Gonzales TX  is batching spices inches from flaking paint and rust.  HEB  SuperBowl  SuperBowlfood  EatPaint  Walmart
20 Nexus 12" x 12" Self-Adhesive Floor Tiles for  10 + pickup at Walmart - 
Thank you Walmart for opening another lane when we were stuck in our a forever
A guy at Walmart made me feel so uncomfortable , reason why I never come
 JeannieCreed why are you at Walmart
Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers  Philadelphia  TerrellG…
 HuffingtonPost Someone needs to tell walmart that they suck
Apparently the Walmart is THE place to be in Ada at 3:30pm on Friday. Wow.
What the hell's going on up at the walmart? Every cop in MO is up there and the place is closed down,.
 Retweet  Specials  Photo T Shirt Youth Large 
 VinDrank2Much what mac and cheese is that? You talking about kraft or Walmart brand
I really dislike ever having to go inside a Walmart. So many strange people.
 ItsTaysh Walmart gets another shipment at 8 tonight.
I told my mom that I was cold in Walmart and she told me to grab a jacket and wear it "ur not stealing it you're just borrowing it"
 NewMexicoJobs  NMjobs  jobs Assistant Mgr Trainee - Walmart - Carlsbad, NM see➔ 
Chanel vs. Walmart  eurovision 
Target > Walmart all day everyday 🙌🏻
 Walmart is going after  Amazon with free two-day shipping, who will win the battle? 
 JoeSantagato Walmart 
Not a Walmart shopper or high end store shopper! Not because I can't afford it, but would rather help my CF chariti… 
I'm going through financial crisis I can't believe I did this to myself at Walmart. I'm in shambles.
Whole foodies are going to boycott Walmart oy vey 
Report: Walmart tests new c-store concept 
 _yellow_paiges_  Walmart you should try replying to them
 Walmart has an analytical data hub to save time, money and to eliminate common human errors in store operations --… 
Walmart kills its Amazon Prime-style shipping service 
Picture of  Burton  Middlefield  terrorist attack at  Walmart in  2012 SAD BoeingD SO MAD  KellyannePolls  realnews… 
Walmart: Premier Protein Shakes 4pk Only  3.67! 
Eileen a hoe bitch 2 kids 2 different bby daddies bitch work at Walmart and say she shitting on me bitch kys I never said nothing bad on you
Walmart is the largest employer in the US, the only company who employees over a million Americans. 40% of their em… 
"Biodegradable" is as trustworthy a buzzword as "All Natural" - Certified Compostable like  Repurpose is the way. 
15 Most Hilarious Walmart Mom Fails Ever 
 Aliyah_NicolexO I was at work McDumbass when you were headed to Walmart or do you not remember this 🤔 I asked you about the crib too jerk
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  retail  marketing
NEW ViDEO! "Vlog 10- Walmart Before A Snow Day" 
so I was walking into Walmart and a car literally ran into my leg...
Now off to hang out with  HTC_JulieH at the Dunvale Walmart! Come see us from 4-6 😘😘😘 
Selfie after run nice 👍 bright sunshine ☀️ 27 degrees   Walmart West… 
 chelsfirst48 I told you she needed things and I also told you that I was going to Walmart , you should've stopped by to see her deadbeat
 KatiexShuster I LOVE the one in the Walmart parking lot in that little strip by FedEx or ups idk and a pizza place.
 CNN Americans made their bed now is time to see what kid of sleep U r having. PS> Walmart stole your jobs get real/banker/bikers?=jobs??
 ReTweet  Specials  South Shore Basics Queen Platform Bed with Molding 60 
Translation , Walmart is gonna buy some robots to make stuff in USA ?

 JustinPulitzer 

 WalmartCEO 
Walmart in Nashville has free valet parking..
I unsubscribe everyday from  Walmart emails yet every day I get more.
People who buy all their clothes at Walmart are vowing to continue not shopping at Nordstrom. That'll show 'em. 
Walmart CEO: We uh enjoy fucking over millions of americans so we can hock cheap shit from companies we forced to m… 
NEW ViDEO! "Vlog 10- Walmart Before A Snow Day" Link In My Bio ❤️ 
Finding a shirt in Walmart is a frikkin struggle at this age because it's all inspirational quotes and emojis
You know this girl buys her man cologne from walmart. Smh 
 peabodypress I'm talking about the people who went from town to town protesting WalMart because they sell foreign made goods.
 samsteinhp  PatrickRuffini lol! Deadline purchasing behavior...as in a sale at Walmart? 😄
 SucksToSucks  sara_swartz the real reason you're going to be working at Walmart until you die
Shakespeare Pangloss Milo Y. Ann Coulter Raymond Carver Walmart Marta brick walls candara b… 
*goes into walmart for pajamas* *leaves with pajamas & a swim suit*
Then go to walmart then finally get my hair done
just bought 3 bags of cement mix at Walmart! Time to get this shit started!!  Walmart  realDonaldTrump  buildingmeawall
I'm never going to Walmart on the 3rd  of he month again.
seen some amish folk at walmart
SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO IS PLAYING IN WALMART IM SO TRIGGERED
Translation from  Walmart: I look forward to working with  realDonaldTrump and paying the least to our employees! 
 100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway   
 yashar  JustAGurLnSwedn  PepsiCo  Chase  GM  Walmart  Uber I will gladly!
 ROaRR4Hillary  BI_RetailNews Walmart might pick it up. Trumpers shop there right?
Check out the new Walmart near Orlando, FL - So different that it even gets its own website 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Las Vegas, NV 
Could Walmart express checkout be any slower????
 100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway  
I may be enjoying this day off a bit too much... there's a chance I've ended up on people of Walmart. 😂 now, to get ready for  gno
 bleusharque dress for the job u want, not the job you have. Guess he wants 2be an  alcoholic Walmart greeter.  SloppyBannon  IsThisReal
 areliteresa they did, but it was a hassle because Walmart thought they did it 😂😂
The Dodd-Frank Act explained via  usatoday so basically trump agrees banks should be all encompassing. Like Walmart.
Score sweet rewards at Walmart with Diet Dr Pepper! http://
 ad  ColorMeSweet
Walmart and Kroger: Stop Selling Meat from Abused Lambs - Sign the Petition! via  ChangeFrance
Help me save   by sending me  walmartreceipt TC (located above barcode) and receipt date would help me save with WALMART SAVINGS CATCHER.4
Deals: 60" Samsung 4K Ultra HD LED Smart HDTV  597.99 (
Help me save   by sending me  walmartreceipt TC (located above barcode) and receipt date would help me save with WALMART SAVINGS CATCHER. 3
The Inhuman Squishy Zombie for  15 + pickup at Walmart

Help me save   by sending me  walmartreceipt TC (located above barcode) and receipt date would help me save with WALMART SAVINGS CATCHER.2
Walmart Is A Magical Place! LMAO!~
...17 FABULOUS Sexy Beasts! 😎

Help me save   by sending me  walmartreceipt TC (located above barcode) and receipt date would help me save with WALMART SAVINGS CATCHER.1
Walmart and Kroger: Stop Selling Meat from Abused Lambs - Sign the Petition! via  UKChange
Wore shorts to Walmart and a little old lady came up to me and said "honey you sure aren't gonna get a sun tan today" 😂😂
Help me save   by sending me  walmartreceipt TC (located above barcode) and receipt date would help me save with WALMART SAVINGS CATCHER.
"Girl I love your dress where'd you get it?"
"Walmart" 
 SandyWagers528  realDonaldTrump 1.4M Walmart workers 8  increase for all costs 12 M  4M  for each Walton earning 100s of millions annually!
When you go to Walmart & forget your debit card at home.  CanIDie
Walmart fit thou 
Me at the Valentine's section at Walmart like 
 _OgBabyBri Walmart?... I went to ulta & got these wipes them hoes don't do nothing. 😂 just a waste of money.
 Walmart receipt TC (located above barcode) and receipt date would help me save with WALMART SAVINGS CATCHER HELP ME SAVE send me your code
More pragmatism from  Walmart's CEO Doug McMillon 
 OhmyMayaa Walmart?
 travxfree them trips to Walmart 😭
I found this at Walmart the other day 
Hoberman Sphere Rings Only  19.96 at Walmart! -  SphereRings 
Like he didn't just get his ass whooped in the Walmart isle last week 😩
I wanna go to Walmart so fucking bad rn like hahahah wtf
Per scanner, there's a report of someone brandishing a weapon on Amargosa Rd near Walmart in  Victorville.
I love when my parents come visit me b/c they always take me to Walmart and stock my fridge. 😭🙌🏾
I get in the car & he was liking like  aisle 16 bitch thats the candy aisle in walmart i think & smelled even better 
Thank you  MarkMillerITPro for giving me +K about Walmart! 
I have to clean and go to Walmart to buy Jennie food 🐶
If Walmart could save me 5 minutes and start putting coconut oil in the makeup aisle I would be forever grateful
I found a walmart with a fresh box of  YokaiWatch series 3 medals and I was able to get the last four packs I needed to complete that set. 😁
Nope! Not I!!!! Better go to walmart!!! 
 Veenya  jimEastridge1 Walmart takes on Amazon Prime with free 2-day shipping — no membership required

WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO TO BE LEFT ALONE BY STRANGE MEN IN THE GREENVILLE WALMART SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME
Learning Resources Anatomy Models Set for  45 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET - Resources Anatomy Models Set for  ...
 garviegirl You're welcome! We appreciate your feedback! -Hal
 jeademan  kturan321  bunnyrabbitdach  prettyred52 I live in Clarksville, Arkansas! We have no choose but to get some things at Walmart.
 Xbox please don't make Walmart exclusives again. I'm currently waiting on my controller that should have shipped Wednesday and still hasn't
My go-to super cheap Walmart lure!  :-)


 itsnesha_ I thought they had it at Walmart?
Just drove by Walmart and saw a guy whose ponytail had a ponytail.
The 99% of Walmart-shopper Trump supporters who can't afford Nordstrom r "boycotting" Nordies f/dumping Ivanka. Silly, that's not a boycott.
PSA: trying to leave the Commerce Walmart parking lot at 3 on Friday is like  trying to squeeze blood out of a turnip. Ain't happening.
Hamilton Beach 1.8-Liter Electric Kettle for  15 + pickup at Walmart

About to go into Walmart high y'all pray for me 🙄
Current situation!!! 😩😩😩😷😷😷😷😷🚫🚫🚫   Walmart Fairlawn - W Market St 
 slpng_giants Has anybody seen Walmart ads on Breitbart? They're going after Amazon's market with a free shippng offer
Wally not my fave but
I don’t wanna have to yell at Walmart today but I’m probably gonna have to bc it’s literally been a week overdue
 johnganimIII ur booked, can u do 3:30 am on Sunday behind Walmart?
Pair  slain outside Walmart broke medical  pot rules,  police say - Feb 3   4:18 PM ET  
Rubbermaid Brilliance Food Storage and Bertolli Sauces at Walmart


 PremiumPrep   ad
Walmart, I've never been to Kroger 
This man at Walmart has a young doggo in his sweatshirt 😭
 jmmesserschmidt   Good ole Walmart
 RawStory  Reid_CO Note to self, stay the fuck away from Arkansas and all WalMart stores.
Are you a fan of Little Sweet? Score some Sweet Rewards at Walmart  ColorMeSweet  ad 
I think I'm obsessed with Walmart savings catcher lol plz send me your Walmart receipts 🤗🤗🤗
He got advice on getting female WH staffers to  DressLikeAWoman from the best possible source: Walmart's male CEO.


 PRT  CleanWater  Kitchen Plastic Shell Faucet Water Tap Filtration Filter 
Admittedly I've never been vesy good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + wbmen in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
I went to Walmart today and everyone was dressed presentable... it was like an episode of X-Files.
 eatyourkimchi Found this at Walmart! I thought of Martina when I saw this in a blink of an eye. 
You know I'm sick when I go to Walmart for meds in sweatpants 🤧
Need to go to Walmart
Guess who's working at WALMART DEALING WITH SHITTY CUSTOMERS WHILE EVERYONE WILL BE SOO FUCKING CLOSE TO TAYLOR SWIFT THAT THEY CANT BREATHE
I may just go to Walmart and walk around and look at stuff just to have me time 😆🙌🏻
Statement from  Walmart CEO on today's meeting with President Trump and economic edvsiory council at the White House 
 peabodypress  ReaganWorld As you can tell, Walmart is doing just fine. Our argument has always been judge a company based on the prod/serv
Local  Walmart has  TESOnline Tamriel Unlimited for  15 on sale. If you are interested in the Morrowind expansion coming out soon!
 Cockchopz and if you dont believe me, my old address at my parents house before they got devorced was Flatbush Ave, CT next 2 Walmart.
Walmart! via  YouTube
Greenwashing’ Costing Walmart  1 Million  
There is water at the Walmart on Glenwood (in Raleigh)
In case you ever need to feel better about yourself I said this out loud in walmart after my ex of 14 months said I… 
 Breakfast Quinoa Bow with Berries! A healthy start to your day!  SameSilkySmoothTaste  Ad  Walmart  Silk… 
 alex_mecum  gilinskydepth by dinner you mean some frozen stouffers and chocolates are boxed ones from Walmart? Then yes
 peabodypress  ReaganWorld It's mostly jut virtue signaling that has no real impact. A decade ago the left was doing it with Walmart.
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers: Time..  politics 
 RickeySmiley more people need to do it. Boycott Walmart cripple the nation!
But it's the only way considering I live in bumfuck nowhere, Wisconsin and the local Walmart doesn't exactly sell my style of clothing
 SamGipp  That must be an epidemic because I saw one here at  Walmart who also got attacked.
Grab this awesome shampoo and conditioner deal at Walmart! Buy 2 Garnier Whole Blends Shampoo & Conditioner 12.5... 
 angeIdeluxe I was at Walmart
Walmart~ Garnier Whole Blends Hair Care Only  1.47 - 
 Stephprobz lmfaoooo that's worse than the lady at walmart 😂
Spend dat walmart check & get it right back 🤑😂 
Should go to Walmart once Duane gets off.
Don't forget about our Kyvan Honey Apple Salsa….game day favorite! Sold at  Walmart  WalmartcomUS  kroger 
 techdeals Hamilton Beach 1.8-Liter Electric Kettle for  15 + pickup at Walmart 
Need to pick up some  SB51 snacks🍿🍪🍓?! Head to Walmart: 345 Highway 6 Sugar land Texas 77478🏈 You might spot some h… 
 SenJohnMcCain   SenatorDurbin   timkaine  unions r what's keeping the strugglng middle class alive. Walmart wages… 
The kids will love these Cocoa Cremes Penguin Pals  ad  recipe  dessert... by  TaylorsCozyNook via  c0nvey
Learning Resources Anatomy Models Set for  45 + pickup at Walmart

Walmart is surprisingly unsupportive of shouting Alah Akbar when you grabbed the last bag of chips before super bowl  racewarspodcast
Walmart has a big selection of sporting goods and games on clearance.  See all of the deals here 
Picking up a few things (at  Walmart Supercenter in Las Vegas, NV) 
Update: chicken is still lost at Walmart
I've made my mom go to Walmart with me just about everyday this week so she can walk a lot & hopefully go into labor this weekend.
 jdwitherspoon. Every niggas face When he see his ex chick chilling with that one gyrating, lightskinned, tattooed… 
Looking for a deal on an umbrella stroller? 

I'm gonna stop buying cherry tomatoes from Thai an bc their not even juicy 😒 Walmart ones are better.
Old gentlemen at Walmart:"is she old enough to have a phone?"  Mom: "Shes eighteen"
I swear me and Victor are at the grocery store every day 🙄. We save so much money cooking at home and eating healthy but I hate walmart!!!
Look at this beauty! Spoil your cat with Meow Mix Bistro from Walmart! The bistro-inspired food will keep your... 
julia always yells my name when something happens 

drops Carmex- maddie
breaks jar in Walmart- Maddie
almost hits ppl w car- MADDIE

??????
Dinner's almost ready, who's bringing the wine/beer??  movienight  crescentpark  freefood  walmart 
Taking something back to Walmart for my mom and I get stuck in this mess. All I can say is… 
 ClinicalPosters definitely! Thanks for the suggestion :)  Walmart
 Walmart yall gotta do sumn about this Customer service line.
Walmart targets Amazon Prime with free two-day shipping 
 Amanda__Gee  iPreferHenny target! I think Walmart too actually. I really recommend the comedone if u can see the gunk in your pores. The
I have to go to Walmart once a week for my job and every week without fail some creep hits on me
After talking to the Walmart cashier for a moment I realized she was more than met the eye w/ purple hair & piercings, she was also an idiot
Need to make my weekly Walmart run today
FLINT — Pair slain outside Walmart broke medical pot rules, police say  news
I live down the street from Walmart, best believe I'm still going to drive 15 minutes to go to Target. I hate Walmart. 😤😤😤
Pair slain outside Walmart broke medical pot rules, police say: "There's no provision in the law to sell your…… 
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers.

So the tolerant left, hater of "labels", labels Trump supporters as "Walmart-loving" and too poor to shop at Nordst… 
I'm at  Walmart_br in Americana, SP 
Just got bleach from Walmart time to end my career in call of duty.
 baristabakingcompany  scones  blueberry  chocolatecherry  walmart I can see the comments now… 
Every time I give Walmart a chance I always end up with a defective product, like this stupid ass umbrella that won… 
 BioPokey .amazon .Walmart OK nice.. actually a simpler solution would be to just get this & a component cable for the xbox.. yes~..
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Canton, OH 
Nordstrom Is Cutting . IvankaTrump Brand Due to Poor Sales  GrabYourWallet Your constituents . Walmart are waiting.
I like how the "Entrance" and "Exit" at Walmart is just a suggestion to most people
This is goose-bump-inducing storytelling from  walmart. Story of 1 job puts a  250b commitment in perspective.
 0.50 Covergirl Eyeshadow + Cheap Wisk & Tai-Pei at Walmart! 
"She can only afford to make  25 a month payment for the next 2 years, yet she has her brand new  25 Walmart nails on." Lmao my coworkers
 DavidMelgar We're sorry to hear about your order. If you have not done so, pls forward details to  -Hal
U know you live in a small town when y try to explain it to someone out of state and the only thing u can mention is Walmart and chick fil a
ATTI:  ML09Purple 143 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 2/3/2017 4:12:30 PM
I just need a ride to Walmart damn bruh
Pair slain outside Walmart broke medical pot rules, police say From Flint Journal  Flint
At Applebee's right now with this 89 year old man I just met at Walmart, we're talking about the good ole days and my cat of course. Friend🤗
Lol these Walmart carts are small n cute
 TorontoStar maybe Walmart will carry it for her...she and her husband are probably the only sane(ish) people in DT's life...Sad...ish...
Uuuuggghh I hate Walmart..
 sale Sauder Heritage Hill Computer Credenza Desk in Classic Cherry Finish -  235.31: Walmart offers Sauder… 
Surprise them this Valentine's Day with these Raspberry Heart Cookies  ad  r... by  CreativeArtwks via  c0nvey
 whatdifferencedoesitmake if I wear pajamas to walmart  ChelseaClinton
Long lines on holiday weekends should be anticipated. Open your registers!  Walmart  customerexperience
I have to go to Walmart tonight.
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Penguala – Pink Egg are in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals February 3, 2017 4:10 pm 
Pair slain outside Walmart broke medical pot rules, police say 
Banks to bet with customers' money again w/o  doddfrank 

Companies supporting Trump:
 GM
 JPMorgan
 Pepsi
 Walmart
 IBM
 Tesla
 GE
 Boeing
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Draggle – Blue/Green Egg are in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals February 3, 2017 4:10 pm 
Pair slain outside Walmart broke medical pot rules, police say: "There's no provision in the law to sell your… 
Is  Walmart's ' craftbeer' really craft? 
 SexyEdwin  minaxbell I really don't appreciate the fat guy in a wheelchair comment about Walmart
Walmart has EVERYTHING. If you can't find wat you looking for then your just not looking hard enough
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Burtle – Purple/Teal Egg are in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals February 3, 2017 4:10 pm 
I told Simon I better be getting this Sloth for Valentine's Day!!! 😍😍😍   Walmart Ocoee 
Ss used  qualitative  observation  quantitativedata  scientificquestion.  Sprite  7UP  Walmart  ScientificMethod 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 143 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 2/3/2017 4:09:54 PM
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor via  marketingland
CRASH: Mayfield- KY303/Cuba Rd. in front of Walmart two vehicle non injury crash.
 camilleon_yo here we just die? idk if that what u guys do but its pretty fun, just basically find ur local walmart pakin lot& lay down&wait
 warriors112 We had lines for shopping at Walmart!  IBCBank  McAllenISD 
My walmart is stacked out with current Sun and Moon tcg products atm...but I'm stuck in line getting a money order before work in 50 mins.
 AaronMi95fbxcb  TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker just taking a break! Headed to Walmart off Dunvale Rd from 4-6! I'll have posters and calendars!
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor - 
 natasharothwell I saw F. Douglas at Walmart today!!
Good luck with that...
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers - The Huffington Post

The Inhuman Squishy Zombie for  15 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
Walmart is the devil I swear
This Hilarious Walmart Deli Employee Drives His Bosses Crazy In the Most Creative Way Possible 
 jcomparel 😭😭😭 noooo! I gotta miss live today! Im stuck in walmart 🙁 good luck everyone 
Maan I gots to go to Walmart so I can print out the valentines card i made my man 😍💘
 itsnyahok yeah it's bad, for example if I'm in Walmart or any other store I'll stop and look in the baby section just b/c I love it so much
Pair slain outside Walmart broke medical pot rules, police say - 
 gallarlicious en walmart amix
GR — Pair slain outside Walmart broke medical pot rules, police say  news
Lemme catch  kenzymh in public bitch I will act like the mf paparazzi in Walmart 😩😩😩😩😩 
 scarey_ Sorry to hear that. Can you please forward your order info via  so we can look into it? -Hal
The only real talent I possess is picking the worst cashier possible at Walmart.
Walmart is playing 'All Star' over the speakers. 💀💀
this old man was in front of me in line at walmart & his card kept declining so i bought his groceries for him 💓
Walmart is literally the creepiest place ever
In other news u guys been to that skinny fats or the habit burger or the checkers by the 215 Walmart cuz it mad lit over there for food now
Can you believe this deal? Get a  5 Walmart gift card with a purchase of  10 Dr. Pepper! 
Walmart Testing New C-store Format 
hey guys i took a pooping dump at walmart and then i make a song poardy lol
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Swainsboro, GA 
Parking lot of Walmart, is where we sex-sex
"Guns baby" press send text-text
Bonnie & Clyde spree, the new next-next.

 amwriting  poem
Anybody looking for a job Walmart hiring ‼️‼️
Start on the 13th at Walmart😇😇😇
Me... At Costco, Walmart, & WEM via  youtube
 davers84 Walmart sells them??
 sssniperwolf I saw your sister at Walmart in Florida last month
Walmart is only open till midnight now !! Wtf
It's time for  Walmart to extend its cage-free policy to Mexico just like it has in the US, UK, and Canada!  Walmart  WalmartDoubleStandards
Last time I tried to print pics off at Walmart off my phone my Nudes popped up , big as hell 😂😂😂
I fuckin hate coming to Walmart to cash my checks
I go to Walmart wayyyyy more than the average person should.
 Kids  Toy DC Universe  Batman & Robin Dynamic Duo Walmart Exclusive 6" Inch  Figure Set MIB… 
Trump & Ryan Are Taking On Walmart & The Koch Brothers!
"biggest winners may prove to be lobbyists"

Easy Gift Card Giveaway: Amazon , Walmart, Best Buy & More! 
 Kids  Toy DC Universe  Batman & Robin Dynamic Duo Walmart Exclusive 6" Inch  Figure Set MIB  Toys  Kid
me an my Dollar store lipstick, sunglasses, hat And the rest of my clothes are from Walmart i think
Walmart's Free Shipping Escalates Battle With Amazon Prime - 
 JoshuaLemaota target or walmart
Equivalent to Walmart
 TheRickyDavila  BI_RetailNews Not all bad news for her. . . The clothing line can still be found in the tinfoil ai… 
I'm at  Walmart Pharmacy in Williamsburg, KY 
 TheyCallMe_BRoD ...the Walmart is 5 mins after Smyrna
wow i am so Social today i'm gonna go rob walmart and suck a DICK
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Williamsburg, KY 
Nordstrom drops Ivanka's imported crap due 2 poor sales. Walmart should be a good match 4 ur inbred hillbilly  realDonaldTrump  supporters.
 heathermaru  111Chris777 I counted my pennis only equalled to  1.88, I might be able to purchase 1 item at Walmart.
I'm voting for  MyBenefulPark  Sepulveda to receive a Beneful Dream Dog Park makeover. Cast your vote! 
 jay_jensen2 Maybe Ivanka could start a line for Walmart.
I hate going to Walmart when there is a lot of people
 cartoonfuntime I deliver pizzas, my father is a pool cleaner, and my mother works at Walmart. We're middle class. Hollywood is not.
Walmart Goes Head-to-Head with GE over Imports and Taxes via  MHLeditor
 sssniperwolf  askwolf did you get the frys and Walmart bag that was on the screen door?
Chanel vs. Walmart 
 GrimsToyShow have you seen these?? They were at Walmart 
PSA: Walmart is not a place for you to have sex. Just in case you didn't know. So like get off of each other plz
Break out the popcorn! Find out how you can get up to 10GB of 4G LTE data a month for a great price!… 
fuck you  Walmart
 WRAL The Walmart in Morrisville is almost out of water! 
So I grabbed the heaviest packs at Walmart. 1/4 right now 
 mitchellvii Have you ever stood in line at Walmart behind a Mexican family speaking Spanish with 5 kids and paying with food stamps? - Bill
A military "pivot to Asia" has coincided with the Walmart-isation of US retail, fueled by the outsourcing of  manufacturing to China. /23
Fisher-Price Infant-to-Toddler Rocker Sleeper Pink Bunny Pattern ONLY  19.88! SAVE ...
 
 Walmart closing a Neighborhood Market store in  Denver 
 debibreiter don't worry. Walmart plans to carry the brand.
Looking for a cheap lunch idea? Look no further! Score a Pagoda Express Complete Meal for ONLY  0.97 this week at W… 
So these new drinks are at Walmart and they all want us to try this… 
Discovered this to share with you Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new compe... 
 RGiuffrida111  You can drop off the cylinders at Home Depot, Walmart, or Hertz where they sell propane.
Was just saying how Walmart need a sofa in they break room and I walk in ... and there's TWO sofas 😩🙌🏾
 Deals Metal Slinky 3-Pack for  11 + pickup at Walmart - Walmart offers the Original Slinky Brand Metal Slinky ... 
Leaving Tyler on the way to Walmart
Bertolli Meals only  5.48 at Walmart - 
Why Walmart is a Better Investment Than Amazon 
Kids and adults are speaking out against  Walmart's support of animal cruelty!  Walmart… 
Fraud

The two subjects pictured below are suspects in a credit card fraud at Walmart, 13300 Cortez Blvd.,... 
Why did I come to Walmart on food stamp day??
i cried in walmart today over dishware. so that's where my life is.
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers  DSNPolitics
Nothing like a trip to  Walmart with  JillWootten for some every day low prices and an encounter with a lunatic rac… 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
New glasses frames!! Woot!! (at  Walmart Supercenter in Hermitage, TN) 
I just donated to Amboseli Trust for Elephants by shopping at 
Vlog 10- Walmart Before A Snow Day!: via  YouTube
 CRE eMarket: New Corporate AT&T in Texas | Net Leased Walmart Outparcel 
Would You Use An Online Two-Day Shipping Service from Wal-Mart over Amazon Prime?
Walmart is crazy! what the heck
Ozark Trail Camouflage Knife for  3 + pickup at Walmart

Only  5 for a Winter Beauty Box from  walmart  ad 
 beauty  beautybox  skincare  winter 
Walmart is a cult
 barrelbabe130 said to go to Walmart to get good dick. Go to Meijer to get quality dick.  truth  nolie  honest
I hate Walmart's pharmacy.🙃
Big mess after meeting at Walmart 
Earn a  5 Walmart eGift Card when you buy  10 worth of Diet Dr Pepper®  ColorMeSweet [ad] 
Why is the Fairfield Walmart closed ?
I Saw steel chairs at Wal Mart for  10.97. Makes me think of  WWE lol!  NoHoldsBarred  WWE  WalMart
More emerging data related to medical errors.  sarahkliff this is why  Walmart's COE model &  EdisonHealthNet exist. 
When people are walking super slow in the middle of the isle 😒  move  Walmart  walmartprobs
Currently   Walmart
Walking through Walmart and heard people bashing Trump. Doesn't surprise one bit tho. Haters gonna hate.
Easy Gift Card Giveaway (Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart and More)! 
Turkey & Avocado BLT recipe from  Walmart

Get  MealInspirations at  ad 
 cytoscourge job interview for Walmart. Wasn't my first choice but it is what it is lol
 travisyost Here ya go ;) 
 Maven  ScottGandhi Hit up Walmart they always have some.
Why do I see guys shaving their faces in the walmart bathroom everyday...
Lil’ Sweet is givin’ out sweet rewards at Walmart -  ad   ColorMeSweet
 natejaschob Can you write to us via  so we can look into it? Thanks! -Hal
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Medina, OH 
 IvankaTrump Merchandise not selling at Nordstroms??? May I suggest you try selling them at Walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video SHOPPING CART TRICK SHOTS AT WALMART! (KICKED OUT)
The only reason why I like living in sanger is bc i live right in front of walmart and the 99cents store. It's like 2 for one.
have you ever seen the Walmart Money Center on the 1st-5th of the month? 

you dont want to
Walmart: BakerEze 12-Piece Bakeware Set for just  24.88 (reg.  38.67) 
 616JoyBoyz them walmart retros still worth more than yo bum ass
"Walmart Settles Lawsuit over Plastic Bottles Labeled ‘Biodegradable’ for Nearly  1 Million"  Walmart  label
nexium over the counter - generic nexium 20 mg - nexium coupons for walmart - nexium dosage 
me: i luv grant :-)
grant: sends me a terrifying meme
me: yes  walmart i would like to return a purchase
how could you insult walmart like that 
Jonnor is chanel and Josh is Walmart 
 _Inferno217_  Walmart  399 for 64gb and  299 for 16gb I believe  548 for s I believe
Great deal on Johnson’s Baby products now at Walmart (win!) -  -  Uncategorized 
Attending the Thursday night dinner was Walmart CEO Doug McMillon; General Motors CEO Mary Barra; Ernst & Young... 
Score Sweet Rewards at Walmart with Diet Dr Pepper  ColorMeSweet  ad  
Rogersville Walmart volunteerism earns  5K grant for animal shelter
well if anyone would like to come keep me company at Walmart while my oil is getting changed it would be appreciated :)
 _Revalations_ nigga fuck you leave my dollar general polo alone with yo walmart retro wearing ass
WE TOOK OVER WALMART HAHA
 taylovesdani Call your local grocery stores or walmart, they let you have them free all the time up here. 😊
It's bad when it's a Friday and your plans for the night is to go to  Walmart  when you live in a small town. 👍😀
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  affiliatemarketing  advertisin…
 Walmart I bought a PlayStation VR 2 days ago for my little brother. He used it but didn't like it too much. What is the return policy?
 ReTweet  BabyFood  Beech Nut Naturals Just Apple and Kiwi Stage 2 
It's a Friday afternoon why the fuck if everyone and their mom at Walmart this is ridiculous
wanna take a late night trip to walmart
 MichiganRadio  NPR. Buncha damn demoncrats sueing closest republican for their own incompetence. Buy walmart water, I do in Florida.
 _DonJulio1 that Walmart radio shack special getting back 4 dollars and some change 😂😂😂😂
 vegasMelD lol! Smiths
, sprouts, walmart!!! 😅
 CrankyFrankg  funder  Nemenmarcus, walmart,Macy, Dillard's. There are more just can't think of their names.
This matching funds bs to cash a check at a bank that I frequently use is ridiculous. Not happy. Driving to Walmart to cash it.. dumb
Walmart's New Leadership At Sam's Club Must Be Ready To Do Battle via  forbes 
chanel vs. walmart
That ring cost 20  at walmart . Fuck w it
 Arleth11 they came into Walmart a few years ago and got me in trouble with security cause they were running on the display treadmills and
I'm at Walmart with my step sister and I officially feel like a mother
 StuffSomersSays  gsteinhubl next time order from Walmart. They have free two day shipping without having to pay for prime
 Mattis0n_ I JUST SAW CARSON AND RYAN AT WALMART AND I RAN UP TO THEM HAHAHA
Two days ago - Walmart just undercut Amazon’s most valuable perk (Walmart) 
i can get a silver frm walmart like anytime but we have no monies
Have boycotted Walmart since Sam Walton died. If he were alive today and saw the way his kids were running it , he… 
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
Rite Aid Pharmacy Los Angeles Ca – Neighborhood Walmart Pharmacy Hours – Malabar Discount Pharmacy – 5,500 Compl 
 CourtReagan amzn Why pay 4 prime anymore I'll save  100 bucks,get free delivery & better prices   Walmart and subscribe 2 nflx&amp;hulu
I'm really dying to try  flowerbeauty maybe I'll go to Walmart tonight🤔
I'm at  Walmart in Montoursville, PA 
generic flonase - flonase over the counter walgreens - flonase cost at walmart 
Sign of the apocalypse: TRUMP & Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers  zachdcarter +  ryangrim via  HuffPostPol
Who's ready for Walmart part 2 tonight?
 nolan_23  joshua15171
Contemplating on stealing stuff from Walmart bc they always got old people greeting as u come in and when u leave, you can't catch me bihh.
 lowkeypsycho omfg I would beat that ass. I saw this girl at Walmart today and she literally shoved money into my purse
That pic make me wanna wash my face again .. my lil walmart skincare regimen been working magic on the kid
Main reason I hate working at Walmart, all y'all mfs do is steal. 
 Kruzer assume is at Walmart and I think I might give them a try
 walmart Can your downtown Honolulu store carry organic tomato sauce like your Waikiki store? It is made by your Great Value brand.
Sunday I bought a snickers at Walmart and haven't seen it since I left the store. If found please contact ashyprossy gmail.com
 Walmart  pepsi  TeslaMotors  blackstone it truly is a shame that your companies are backing  realDonaldTrump racist & Neo Nazi agendas!
Walmart just dropped this 60" 4K Samsung below  600 for the first time.  
Learning Resources Anatomy Models Set for  45 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
 DLoIndustries Koch Bros & Walmart = the enemy of my enemy is my friend. PS Ryan must be getting better   from Puti… 
No Boundaries Women's Skinny Jeans for  9 + pickup at Walmart

All this mf Valentine's Day shit at Walmart better remind trace that I want some mf candy or chocolate or some shit. Idc.
You can do this at Walmart for  50 BOI 
Omg at the commentary I overheard while I sit in front of Walmart waiting for my ride to come get me 😂😂😂
 abigailstoner Walmart, that place has everything
listening to people talk and knowing they're gonna be the people yelling for the manager at some walmart one day is incredible
need a walmart in smyrna
Walmart opens test store in Rogers 
playboy women of walmart  young russian nudes 
 phil_R0manzi  fuckbegin  TDWTOW I luvvvvv Walmart b
"Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor" from  MarketingLand  marketin…
i just want walmart to conquer my ass for the good of the world
 erpolite smh. Well I texted them asking if they needed anything from Walmart.. guess that's a no
 The_Trump_Train why are they getting away with this crap? Can I go to Walmart and break windows n start fires in the name of free speech?
 Walmart I did, and customer service was super nice. Thank you!
living behind the walmart has made it possible to go from bed to buying ice cream to bed in 2 mins 37 seconds. wonderful.
Bruh. WalMart grocery & instacart are lit when you don't wanna get out the car or leave the house but need groceries .
This bitch from Walmart giving me a hard as fucking time . I'm bout to say FUCK that endorsement . 
Patience God... 
My manager be flirting on the low 🤔 the other day she called me a Walmart model & when I came in today she said boy you swear you cute 😂😴
 Walmartsales  walmart  NFL Solid Door Refrigerated Beverage Center 1.8 cu ft   Patriots… 
It's a checkers inside this Walmart n I'm here buying healthy food , my life is in shambles
Nordstrom Drops Ivanka Trump Brand From Store. Try Walmart? Isn't that where The People shop anyway?  
yeah, I've played a real fire emblem game, I love walmart, and gangrene
Did you really go to the Harrisonburg walmart if you didn't see a family of 6 with matching camo jackets??
 LouDobbs  NYDebBee  Nordstrom  POTUS Working class can barely afford WalMart, much less Nordstrom. Rolling my eyes!
Some redneck in Walmart tried to explain to me how the panthers are going to the Super Bowl next year lmao
 SocialMediaPicks Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
 Toys  Gift DC Universe  Batman & Robin Dynamic Duo Walmart Exclusive 6" Inch  Figure Set MIB… 
WHITE PEOPLE ALREADY PLOTTING ON HOW TO PUT 3 STARBUCKS, 2 CHIPOTLES AND A WALMART THERE. 
 RVAwonk  dangillmor  Independent  walmart having great difficulty attracting educated workers to Bentonville. Guess why.
Don’t forget, our  jobfair in  LaVergne is this Wednesday (2/8) from 10 AM to 2 PM with  Bridgestone,  AdvanceAuto,… 
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers 
Time to get right with your God,
This dude trying to sell me a Walmart cowboy hat for 20 bucks cause he needs dope money 😴
The Inhuman Squishy Zombie for  15 + pickup at Walmart - 
Meanwhile In Walmart 
Walmart  just dropped this 60" 4K Samsung below  600 for the first time. 
i like walmart
Charmin Essentials only  2.72 at Walmart This Week! 
Every nephson in Perry county is in Walmart
Super cute and functional! Two cantilever trays 🎀  Flip mirror  🎀 Locking latch w/ keys 🎀  Caboodles Inspired™ Case… 
i'm going to walmart i just wanted to watch riverdale 😤😤
CHANEL VS WALMART  SteviexBucky 
Words can't explain how good it feels to not be employed at Walmart anymore
 lars_74  lucyanaah WALMART  CHILE? ??
 xosl everything in Walmart is about to go up in price.
 realDonaldTrump this water tested 0% PPM   The RO System cleans the water, Reverse Osmosis 
I received  5 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Today I saw a man run after his 18-wheeler after it had wrecked into a line of shopping carts at Walmart. He forgot to park it.  Abilene
Cialis 30 Day Trial Offer - Cost Cialis - Prices for Cialis at Walmart - Buy Cialis Online - Free Cialis 
Saw Ms. Kitty in Walmart and You know I had to Dallas shuffle my way down the aisle to her.
I really hate living on a budget w less Walmart trips but so excited that within the next 2 years I'll will be Mrs Martirano & own a house
WALMART CANNED PEAS GoogleE
 rawksaur Still sounds like a better outcome than the 3 months I worked at Walmart the summer after high school.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Okmulgee, OK 
I hate coming to Walmart when it's full 🙄🙄
Does anyone else get road rage from pushing a cart through Walmart or is it just me? My patience is def. being tested, Jesus take the wheel🛵
Walmart just undercut Amazon’s most valuable perk 
 xvaalbarax  RipBubby when r u getting subs so i can use walmart gift cards to sub
Wow so me and scabbers just got kicked out of Walmart  JustChristinaaa
2 white men to advise  POTUS on women's workplace needs. CEO  mark_Weinburger & CEO  Walmart Task1:Tell Trump women can speak for themselves
If these are the  realDonaldTrump fans doing the boycotting they aren't really th demographics and will b HAPPY ITS… 
Really don't feel like making this trip to Walmart. Or anywhere actually lmao
. Walmart is wrong!😡 Fired 2 older gentlemen for
👉stopping punk teens on scooters IN store
👉getting hugged by child.

Stocking up for the weekend. (  Walmart Supercenter in Ponce, PR) 
DCI has completed their report on deadly Walmart crash. 
Going to Walmart with my landlord is officially the most awkward thing I have ever done 😫
Last time I went to South Belt Walmart my wife had a convo with the chick I lost my virginity too. Yeah I can't move back to the Joe
hey hey  it's  3:39   I am back from Walmart.  found a very cheap digital camera.   have to open it up now and figure out how it works
Bunch of fucking dickheads work for Walmart Fleet.
 Fashion  Music  TaylorSwift "1989" 1 x (Deluxe Edition) Target Exclusive + 1 x Walmart Edition… 
 Lauren_Southern 

The message on site should be changed to, bleach 4.99 at Walmart. Hint Hint. 
Learning Resources Anatomy Models Set for  45 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  CNET  Gaming  Tech  News
My dad doesn't want me working at Walmart just as much as I don't want to work at Walmart
 HuffPostPol  zachdcarter  ryangrim uh oh. WalMart?
Send me Pictures of your latest   Walmart Receipt and enter a chance to win a Prize to be picked at random.  Contest  reciepts
Come show your support for Boy Scout Troop 204 at the Walmart Neighborhood Market located at 10327 Big Bend Rd,... 
Every time I go to Walmart I spent a lot of money 🤦🏾‍♀️
 _coachcando they have them in Walmart and they're bomb!!!
My brother goes "don't worry jo we'll get you out of Walmart " 😂
Walmart mac and cheese could very well be the best mac and cheese ive ever had besides my own
I was worrying about flowers, but then I realized, I have 9 publixes in a 5 mile radius and a sams and Walmart 🤔😎
 mmpadellan Ivanka line coming to Walmart soon? And I'm not knocking it /it's just more affordable to their base
Walmart on 17.
I'm going to Walmart for hoop earrings. 
 Dcarter888K  Nordstrom U can return to Walmart, where all your shopping needs are met & u see fun people.… 
I swear I end up seeing everything that's sold via tv infomercial's as "tv only" in Walmart like 3 weeks later.
When you go to Walmart and forget that it's the 3rd
Hormel Side Dishes Only  1.00 At Walmart! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - Mashed potatoes can take ... 
 WalmartCanada Hello there. In Walmart stores, do they possibly sell this TV remote or no? If not, where would I go… 
Learning Resources Anatomy Models Set for  45 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
 Walmartsales  walmart  NFL Pittsburgh Steelers Twin/Full Bedding Comforter  bedding  nfl… 
You are invisible in Walmart for 2 hours What sort of trouble do you cause?  alareenalsultan 
I got you frfr, I gotta go to Walmart first though 
Walmart, Hobby Lobby, Muncie library card, Vintage Shoppe, fancy hat place, wishbone.
You are invisible in Walmart for 2 hours What sort of trouble do you cause?  ahareenalsultan 
You are invisible in Walmart for 2 hours What sort of trouble do you cause?  inareenalsultan 
Wtf is it with people and harry potter everyone's jumping around excited like the whole series is 20  at walmart
 Walmart pay for my college tuition and i'll take it down 😈😈 
 ConnorHalley Garret from Superstore. They just make fun of Walmart & he's hilarious. Thursday nights.
 thewifeblabs I buy the little single ones bc that's the only one my Walmart carries but I love them all.
 maestro214 Awesome! We're happy to hear that. Thanks for being our loyal customer. -Hal
Hormel Side Dishes Only  1.00 At Walmart! 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  Amazon 
they have some of the cutest rings at walmart for  15 or less, vday is coming up. make ur girl happy.
What kind of  WalMart doesn't have a  GirlScout selling cookies at the front door at this time of year!?!   NOTMYWALMART
 digitalmarketing Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor… 
just saw this beautiful stray pitbull someone dropped off in a walmart parking lot. a lady stopped & called animal control to get him
I have to go to Walmart today, Walmart scares me after the purse strap/bra showing incident last summer!!
 Alexajones27 u can get those at walmart in the camping section 😊
 BeyondScaredStraight I almost died 😂 that lil dude Aaron b like "when I get in trouble my mom go2 Walmart n buy shoes that light up 😂 Owned
 monica_shah  TheTechDad  PCMag I love walmart saving catcher i let it add up and used it to shop for the Holidays  mobileliving
 washingtonpost hoping Walmart and Amazon will follow suit.
 PrincessBoss87 Hey, a Walmart greater is an honest living!
Hey  POTUS  Beware of this bad hombre  gracoramirez, received bribes from walmart and protects crime in Mexico… 
ah yes the Walmart wolverine trash impresses again 
I went to Walmart last night and finally got some mango slices😋😋
Do they sell pomegranates at Walmart
This is What Amazon's Jeff Bezos Understands and Walmart Doesn't 
 Hoku_2005 We accept a single set of standard payment. For more info please forward to  -Hal
Why buy designer belts and shit if you work at Walmart? Going broke trying to look rich?
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor | |  Oneliners
Where data science meets commerce: Walmart's out to create retail psychics |  WiDS2017 - SiliconANGLE 
hahhhahhahaahhhahhaaaahahaha The head snowflake take on Walmart 
 TheTechDad  PCMag i have heard so much about walmart saving catcher. have you tried it ? how is it?  MobileLiving
Items needed; check here; 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  marketing  business  SEO
 rtbostic16 walmart! or go to ulta!  4.29 at both places
 Wes10 i had a dream that your merch was at Walmart except it was a knock off version and I woke up angry
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new…  Amazon… 
 razenhyse Well I get my pizza from Walmart lol. I had an amazing combo from Buffalo Wild Wings Pizza. Huge Pizza box with everything in it.
 Walmart I have not. Not gonna matter you can't speed up shipping once it's shipped.
You can buy me here  Walmart 
Walmart is a mess I hate coming here lmao
 marketing  growthhacker Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
Somebody come bool with me in Walmart while my oil being changed
Leaving for orange County, things to do in Lake Forest, Santa Ana Walmart,  pbr  PBRANA Cannot wait to have fun
 jloomstein I still think  Walmart needs to embrace moral capitalism - but that's all corporations. Faceless stockholders over employees...
 Comedian_Kue We appreciate your patience. Keep us updated on the issue so we can offer more help if needed. -Hal
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers  
I drove pass McDonald's today just to go on a date at Walmart and get new body Wash
Who feel like taking me to Walmart to pick up something 😐
 travisyost You want fondue plates. For example: 
Walmart just hit me back lol
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers 
My glo must be postponed like a bih cause my ass still flat, I'm breakin out on my face and I couldn't get credit as Walmart if i tried 😩😩
GNC, Target, Walgreens & Walmart: WHAT IS IN YOUR SUPPLEMENTS?  truthinadvertising  GrabYourWallet via  nytimeswell
 TheRealMrBoots Our apologies. Have you contacted us via  yet? We want to make it right for you. -Hal
 paypayy I didn't even open any newborn boxes 😂 I have a million of them. I heard you can go to Walmart and exchange for diff size tho
Walmart Just Dropped a 60" 4K Samsung TV Below  600 For the First Time 
 Roblox  ToysRUs It's sad how in my country, there's no Walmart or Target, no Toys-r-us ;-;
Price Of Viagra - Generic Viagra Shipped From Usa - Viagra 100 Mg - Pfizer Viagra Coupons Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Burley, ID 
I liked a  YouTube video from  nochillnoura MANNEQUIN HEAD DANCE AT WALMART - BoeingD AND BOUJEE
Deals: PNY 32GB Attache 3 USB 2.0 Flash Drive (In-Store)  2.50 (
 iEnderMa06 I dunno about you, but if it's stocked at my Walmart I'm getting an ETB right now.
Nordstrom is dead...Walmart with free shipping is IT. 
On 1/13 and 1/25, this male stole items, and attempted return at Walmart.  Can you ID him?...… 
If you are currently being racially discriminated at work, we will fight your case. Representing the employee only! 
 pepsi  Walmart  jpmorgan  ClevelandClinic  chase Boycott Pepsi,Walmart,JP Morgan&Cleveland clinic whose CEOs are all sucking up to trump.
my film is developed at walmart ahh im excited
Then let's bouycott Walmart 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart's new competitor  marketing 
 jloomstein Because of my time there, I'm no fan of  walmart, but they've still got a lot going for them.
Walmart Just Dropped a 60″ 4K Samsung TV Below  600 For the First Time via  KinjaDeals 
Yeah! Back in stock~choose green or blue! You could help with a sleepingbag;... 
Yo  realDonaldTrump,  PhantomToaster says that your degenerate girlfriend nuzzles a cheap jockey in a Walmart parking lot.
 jloomstein As brick/mortar competitors go out,  Walmart will pick up that business. They also will pick your groceries from online order.
KinjaDeals : Walmart just dropped this 60" 4K Samsung below  600 for the first time. … 
You could help with Socks for the homeless;... 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor via  Marketingland
 Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
Walmart just dropped this 60" 4K Samsung below   600 for the first time. 
- PNY 32GB Attache 3 USB 2.0 Flash Drive (In-Store)  2.50 (
 dumptrump33  IvankaTrump Never shop Walmart!Ever since they doctored staff;s time cards!Plus biggest Corp in USA with staff on welfare!
The whole Walmart Intersection is fucked
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new…  amazon… 
 LindaSuhler AND... spending their Soros checks at walmart
lmfao all this Walmart shit these folks done walked up in here w/..
 thehill  Walmart  Disney  GM  generalelectric  jpmorgan Are you American companies?  do you support nazis?  putin?  
LAND DOWN UNDER JUST STARTED PLAYING IN WALMART
The train things are down blocking the Walmart enterprises but there's no train ??
 TheTechDad A4-I'm not sure, I have Sears, Kmart I think maybe Walmart I  can't rmbr  MoblieLiving
I've been receiving texts from my spice and dad was seen at Walmart in the kitty cat Isle and now he's at Marco's pizzas🐾🤗😉😸😹😻
 Apr1L1 oh right! Damn. Target and Walmart usually have some too... maidenform or their brand
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  markettingseo  SEO  OnlineMark…
Sauder Heritage Hill Computer Credenza Desk in Classic Cherry Finish -  235.31: Walmart offers Sauder Heritage Hill… 
Walmart just dropped this 60" 4K Samsung below  600 for the first time. 
 TheTechDad A4 I have Flipp & Walmart, Target  MobileLiving
On the outskirts of Walmart in West Columbia I seen a man holding up a sign that said help need food need money... 
why is this walmart water the best water ive ever tasted
They can continue to shop at Walmart.  IvankaTrump shit will be sold there soon. 
Sign of the apocalypse: Paul Ryan Takes on Walmart, Koch brothers  zachdcarter +  ryangrim 
 Rufustowee1  SmartAssJen Because of places like Walmart and other big chains
 TheTechDad A4 Sears Walmart an target  MobileLiving
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  SEO  Marketing  Internetmarket…
How do you not have nails wtf. This is why I don't fuck with target. I'll never stray again Walmart. Cuz ratchet people > screaming Babies
 marcuslemonis  Mrgreen_tea definitely  walmart! And  WalmartChile
 paroofle  CkaeCempai  KingArmadillos Buy a plastic globe, only 44.99 at your local walmart. walmart, Save money, live better.
I swear even some of the kids at the Walmart in Tuscaloosa look like they do meth
 blessedtrini007  TheTechDad Yeah I had that happen with Sears and Walmart. It was annoying so they had to go.  MobileLiving
It will be a great day when Ivanka's brand is available exclusively at Walmart.

 Karma 
This walmart mac and cheese is fuckin fire im about to go back and start wylin out like that dude wit the subway cookies
 fatduckfp I'm not sure if I've got an other restaurant confused with you guys but are you guys in Roosevelt across from walmart?
I just spent  130 in Walmart on these damn triplets 🤦🏽‍♀️ Samantha got a good friend
Just witnessed a white guy yell at a black homeless guy "NO go get u a f***in job ya Nigga!"  right Infront of VCU Walmart
News: Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers 
 Walmart I tried your new 2 day shipping deal. You already have broken the 2 day delivery promise. Bad first impression.
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor      hitbyseo
I went to Walmart bc Im broke & need food so I can live. Driving thru the lot, I saw a guy w no teeth smiling & clothes on a lost wheelchair
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? FREE 2 DAY SHIPPING
 Walmart and your contact the seller button just spins and spins
 TheTechDad A4 I use the amazon and walmart shopping apps  MobileLiving
PSA: They sell BoeingGS of MINI M&Ms at WALMART
I need to go to Walmart
 jloomstein Meh: "E-commerce sales in the third quarter of 2016 accounted for 8.4% of total sales."  Walmart  amazon
 TheTechDad A4 Walmart and Target  MobileLiving
 TheTechDad yes I forgot about Walmart I use them too!  MobileLiving
Bro FUCK Walmart
Help ME win and enter for your shot at a  600 Walmart Gift Card from  CBS6. 
Walmart stay fuckin up my schedule
Hosted By MFrazz: Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers 
Chanel v Walmart 
 TheTechDad A4 I have store apps and shopping apps - O , amazon, target, kohls , walmart  MobileLiving
there's only two places you can be,Walmart and not walmart
ngl the walmart deli hot food isnt that bad
 megahottie3  kendraciezki  MWigs_17 a thousand times marter. Sounds about right. You are really mart. Walmart? Kmart?
Tristan the low barn owl visited Walmart
This was me at Walmart 
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
The pharmacy at Walmart.  hellonearth  youhaveonejob  rasafrasarasafrasa!
So furious I hate Walmart
yo, so I bought these honey bbq boneless things from Walmart (Tyson) Brand, I put them in the oven and they taste horrible, can I fry them?
 ericgeller if u lost ur 60k cubicle job and then got a 32k walmart job ur employment situation has indeed improved
It looks like my  Walmart savings catcher funds were stolen when my account was hacked. My case has been sent to the technical team.  Booooo
 Miss_ATaYx3 I got it at Walmart it was only 5 or 6 bucks & its in a grey bottle
Otc I really want the velcro shoes from Walmart 😂
Shocking undercover video by  CompassionOverKilling in a Dixon, CA plant, owned by  SuperiorFarms which supplies me… 
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers: 
Trust Co Of Oklahoma Buys Vanguard REIT ETF - DNQ, SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer ... via  bllshbrsh
 GoRedForWomen  FridayFeeling U have kids? U like kids? U want kids-can't find em at Walmart ... Well look here !! 
 drayamichele here you go sis! And it's the spiralizer (vegetti works winders... 15ish dollars at Walmart) 
 Walmart - Escalations Department - How long does it take for a call back????
 Shiny!  Imperial  DeathTrooper from  Walmart arrived today!! w00t!
 StarWars  SW  RogueOne… 
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers  trump
Does anywhere in town sell scrubs besides Walmart?
Zappos, Overstock, NewEgg, Rakuten, Walmart and Target are just a few of the better alternatives to Amazon  MobileLiving
I need to stop buying food from the hot bar in Walmart it b trash
Idk why I even come to this Walmart on MLK😑
 dallasnews Walmart tried that make and buy USA products and failed miserably...Walmart makes   w Chinese products & low wages...
 zap_krysta Heh, heh. It's not unusual to see this sort of thing. Even NPR used to promote positive Walmart stories (got a big grant).
PSA: do not do the peel off masks from Walmart ! Ur face will burn and feel like its being ripped off 😭
Walmart, for tha low 
 2pce_specialatl lines in Walmart already SMH I bounced
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers  AiMRT
 ReTweet  CleanWater  Kitchen Plastic Shell Faucet Water Tap 
I need a man for Valentine Day. I just want some cupcakes from Walmart they  3. 😂😂😂
Literally spent  40 at Walmart. Whoops
trynna find a lil parttime gig that i can work as soon as i get off work from walmart ina mornings. get a lil extra money in my pocket.
Hey Iran keep it up. You will be a Walmart parking lot you don't straighten up
I need your help~ 2.98~tarps to cover the homeless peoples tents & belongings~... 
I kinda miss going to Walmart to get a new CD when it dropped
 ReTweet  Specials  South Shore SoHo 5 Drawer Chest Multiple Finishes 
 thehill they are already on the BOYCOTT list... walmart, disney, GM, GE. who else?  UBER? oh yeah... on the list..… 
Amazon  Prime gets some competition from  Walmart . Is it sustainable, price-wise? -  competition  strategy
 9...okay Walmart...you win this round...

 castironskillet  walmart  clearance  timeforfajitas… 
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers: Time to get right… 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s... via  marketingland 
Had a little out of the house time today.  PT followed by a short stop in Walmart for a couple of things and then lunch walking is slow and
when new ppl get hired at walmart I have to let them know I am the leader of walmart's elite squad👸🏻💁🏻 u can try to be me but u can't
Canada's Number 1 selling brand for EFA and Joint Care  webbernaturals  Walmart  IVOpure RB until Feb 23/17 
New: Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers 
 Barbi520  Jerseyhaas She'll be fine stocking up WalMart bc all of her daddy's supporters buy their clothes there...
 Walmart Escalations Department even after a week still waiting for a phone call that I was supposed to get in 48 hours??????
Trump And Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers.... 
Walmart
WELFARE CHECK

Or found property.  There is a baby stroller on the corner, that is covered up.  Unknown if occupied.
 Walmart I sure can because the person on the phone isn't much help right now
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers: By  Zach Carter  Time  liberal  progressive
Just went to Walmart to get a few things and ended up spending  100  WhatTheTits
Was at Walmart for approx 20 mins & 2 ppl asked me if I needed help reaching things. There's still good people out there :')
My brother left us at Walmart 😥
Found over  221.46 in potential profit from Walmart/Patio & Garden to sell on Amazon!  OA
So I seen my cousin in Walmart & spoke 😂 she gone ask what time I get off & told me stop by her house, I had to stare at her
Chanel vs walmart 
Make this Pub Dip for your  superbowl party  ad 
 recipe  dip  football  foodie  walmart… 
 marketing Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
May or may be about to puke in walmart
 ButchU4 It looks like the Rite-Aid's, Walmart, and Valero near you carry Busch.  If you need addresses DM us.
All these people are being mean to the clerk at the money services at Walmart but like the system went down she can't control that.
I'm at  Walmart_br in Campinas, SP 
Been running around all day like I'm a CSM at Walmart 😂 STG they needa give me a pay raise
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  marketing
Latest from  marketingland Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
Walmart quality 
Metal Slinky 3-Pack for  11 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the Original… 
Hamilton Beach 1.8-Liter Electric Kettle for  15 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart… 
 Gardenermerc  Nordstrom Sorry, honey, but Walmart shoppers can't afford Nordstrom.   boycottNordstrom
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  fb
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  marketing  mktg  mkt
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new…  marketing
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  internetmarketingnews
So I told my mom there's this Marijuana lotion that help with hand pain. Said they sold it at walmart. Just texted me for the aisle  
 in Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
Marketingland: Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor by mattmcgee 
I am that girl that goes to Walmart looking like I just rolled out of bed.. which I did
 Marketing | Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor by mattmcgee 
If I wonder the same thing about my mom in walmart😂 
 TheTechDad Yes  I think that's why  retailers are trying to catch up. One being Walmart and rolling out the 2 day shipping.  MobileLiving
Axe Body Wash + Shampoo ONLY  1.10 at Walmart 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  Marketing  Smallbusiness
 jloomstein Well,  Walmart just started 2-day free shipping - with no membership fee - on orders of more than  35. 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  Curate… 
I went to Walmart for highlighters and left with a queen sized fuzzy blanket  Typical
4D Vision Great White Shark Anatomy Model for  19 + pickup at Walmart

Walmart is my favorite place to hang out in Ruston
Marketing Land : Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
 Smartinis IT WAS THE WALMART SYRUP U PUT IN CHOCOLATE MILK IT WAS LOWKEY GROSS AND SWEATY
I liked a  YouTube video LEGO HAUL from Five Below and Walmart. 02/02/2017.
GOPUSA – Grand opening of abandoned Walmart for illegals 
 WAGOP  Nordstrom  FoxBusiness  IvankaTrump "real Americans" shop at Walmart anyways. Have you seen a Nordstrom in Trump country? Hell no!
When you order on Sunday you could win prizes like a  20 Walmart card, and much more! Order online or through our app.
 DinosaurDracula searched Fritos' site & Walmart but no luck. Kind of funny you're looking for them.We staled out a ton of those damn things
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers  News  Politics 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  Amazon
Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Are Taking On Walmart And The Koch Brothers: blueprint” for tax reform that would r... 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor via… 
Closer shave? Try  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor &  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  SheSpeaksUp 
 BestBuySupport I went ahead and cancelled my Walmart pre order for Best Buys march 3rd delivery promise. I hope they stay true!
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  marketingland
Mktg Land: Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  marketing  news
I went and walked around at walmart. It was fun.😸🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆
Like if I see that on campus I'm like same but at Walmart I'm like wtf
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  marketing 
When you have to walk a mf mile to get into Walmart... 😒
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  socialmedia
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor Courte… 
 Walmart Can I use a credit card, a gift card, and PayPal as a mixed payment when I order online or can I just only use two?
 TheTechDad A3 I like Amazon, Overstock and my regular (macys, kohls, walmart)  MobileLiving
myAppliances->Instant Pot Tips From Readers - New York Times 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  MarketingLand
I checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market  Yelp  Yelfie 
Bravo to  Walmart on Bachman Lake in Dallas for totally making my day! The employees there literally changed my mood from bad to good!
My eyelashes cheap. They from Walmart. 
 Walmart CEO Doug McMillon meets with Fascism in the WH on Thursday?  My dollars will meet with Walmart's competition today, tomorrow, etc.
 TheTechDad A3) I first use rebate sites like topcashback and ebates then target, amazon and walmart is catching on  MobileLiving
I was home sick the day Frozen came out on DVD so I made my mom take me to Walmart to get it and then I watched it 4 times in a row
 Marketing: Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  MarketingNews
Last night Sidney said I was famous because the cashier at Walmart knew my name without me telling her (still... 
What could I do to improve my vlogs (I've technically made two, one back in like March-April, the other was the walmart/target one)
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor marketingland  smm  marketing
 matteajane they were parked at Walmart last night sleeping 😂
 ArcadeGirl64  BestBuy Does getting a pre-order usually guarantees it arrives in the day stipulated? I ordered from Walmart and it's due 3/9
Embrace the Friction-Free economy! 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  SOCIAL  MEDIA  SOCIALMEDIA  Al…
Waiting in line at the auto shop. GRRR — at Walmart
 scottmclrk sounds like that Walmart life
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
Just d… 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmar… 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor: 
 Walmart Reciepts  Who has some receipts that you can send me the  TC NUMBER at the bottom by the date. I save  reciepts Plz send me
Ha. Walmart Gets Me Everytime. 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  INBOUND  MKT  MARKETING  MKTG
better prices, free shipping...  via  usatoday  AmazonPrime  Amazon
 larryelder  DeNiro is the Punk -  BoycottTheComedian - his movies will end up in  Walmart's  5 bin
I'm going to be in Walmart for the next 3 hours getting my oil changed and tires put on my car...
walmart' gas station is even packed to mf'n compacity 🙄😭
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor: Announcement of latest…… 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  
 News Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
MarketingLand:  Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor 
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor  Amazon… 
 TheTechDad A3 Amazon &  MobileLiving
Marketing News - Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor… 
lol I just got accused of stealing from Walmart bc I didn't grab my receipt from self check out. Wtf 😂
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor by  mattmcgee 
Shout out to all the people we just met in WalMart buying  STOMPERMANIA costume pieces for tonight.costume contest is going to be  lit.
McCormick Grill Mates only  0.50 at Walmart 
 Pestoz Your feedback is important to us. Did you send it via  yet? -Hal
No water at New Hope Commons Walmart
 gabipentin no but I'm at Walmart rn & they're checking it out so I'm Gucci for now
Amazon Prime now has more than 50 million items, dwarfing Walmart’s new competitor   RuleOfThumb
What makes Podunk, USA an attractive target for terrorism? What exists there that can strike at the heart of America? Walmart?
 sssniperwolf  askwolf Look up the Walmart fight song
4D Vision Great White Shark Anatomy Model for  19 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
Hoberman Sphere Rings for  20 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
 Walmart it's a marketplace order through Walmart. Please assist
Fisher-Price My Little Snugabear Cradle 'n Swing ONLY  69.88 ...
   Baby  FreeShipping… 
I hate working at walmart 🙄
Crazy amiibo clearance prices at Walmart! Thanks for the tip  PhreeStuff 
 _royalty_iAm Walmart just gotta do better...unacceptable 😂
 officialajhernz  Walmart you looked like you were like 19 😂😂😂
 oozaliabee I think there was a mild miffing in a Pittsburgh Walmart last Tuesday.
 Walmart On your site Michelin Pilot A/S 3 225/50R17 94V tire is listed as NA for treadwear warranty; is the tire really damaged/defective?
The lady at Walmart totally just gave me an extra  5 cash back and I'm not complaining
Ozark Trail Jumbo Tote Cooler  49.99  Walmart  Cooler 
Please tell me why Walmart dosent have fans this time of year only heaters.. like people still use fans in the winter for sound 😅🙈
Sportin the wheel chair through walmart 😂💯😤😂💯 
 Jazwares omg OMG OMG I must get it now is it at Walmart?!
All I want is one one of these bears from Walmart.
Nabbed the new Walmart exclusive 3.75" scale Star Wars Black Series AT-ST with pilot. 
I received  10 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Petersburg Walmart be like that!!!!!!😂 can't ever go in there without someone saying some 
So I'm wearing my campbell soup uniform and somebody in Walmart asked me "hey, so you work at campbell soup?" 🤔🤔😂😂
Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time 3D  13.17  Walmart 
One time I asked someone where Walmart was & they replied "what the fuck" & ran away. I feel like that is the tone of my life.
WALMART!!!! 
 HubbETheBear i went on a hunt yesterday and turned up empyty handed. tried to see if the walmart rumor was true lol. made a hunt vid :P
 StandUp4Trump  j9brenna getting under your skin hillbilly, are you a walmart greeter? now dont go getting unhinged like your LEADER!
 TheTechDad Nothing better than shopping in PJ's and drinking a beer LOL ?  MobileLiving Oh wait they do that a Walmart  after midnight LOL
 chrissolari  MickMcCabe1  freep They are called Walmart Wolverines for a reason.
Note 1 of 2 MEN advising on WOMEN in the workforce is from Walmart, a company w. history of gender equity issues:… 
 newstalkflorida Attn: Walmart. Different clientele. Ship has sailed.
Oh my heart! ❤ 
Look what I came across at walmart today. 
Im 24 and ive seen every single… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Texarkana, TX 
I seriously don't have the patience to deal with snowbirds at Walmart rn
 MarshallSbar Sorry to hear that! Have you contacted us via  yet? -Hal
1.4% roll up on consumer prices if Walmart Corp rolled up sleeves on  LivingWage stats, w/o cost to their margins. 
 JoeAguirre  YahooStyle need to pick up some shorts from Walmart or something!
Walmart is more relevant and successful. 
Walmart and Kroger: Stop Selling Meat from Abused Lambs - Signez la pétition! via  ChangeFrance
 BuzzFeed please do not support this child's habits.
You can go to Walmart and get this done for  10
 Comedian_Kue We apologize. Can you share more details at  so we can assist you further? -Hal
There's a big ass stuffed sloth at Walmart and I need it
Having to spend a significant amount of money at Walmart actually makes me feel like garbage
 honeybeemish I think we still have Rue 21 open in town. If not I'll definitely check Walmart next time I go
they just called all trained cashiers to the register  Walmart The registers still won't be full
If Trump was not loaded all of his offspring would be working in McDonald's or Walmart.  Trash breads trash. 
Grand opening of abandoned Walmart for illegals. 
somebody take me to walmart   4:30
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dallas, TX 
good afternoon i step in shit at walmart and i took a shit love u all friends
4D Vision Great White Shark Anatomy Model for  19 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  CNET  Gaming  Tech  News
Hoberman Sphere Rings for  20 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  CNET  Gaming  Tech  News
Hoberman Sphere Rings for  20 + pickup at Walmart

 amazon i will never buy from amazon again. You can only rip me off once and my family will never buy from you liars again. BUY FROM WALMART
 scarey_ What happened? Share the issue with us so we can help. -Hal
 innocuous_floof rue 21 is great for it! or walmart 👌🏻
Earn cash back by shopping at over 1500 retailers including  Amazon  Walmart  Target &  Starbucks.  wahm
START HERE… 
Amazon understands: It's about the user experience 
 miriam_elise3 i almost took a job writing for a walmart employee magazine with that mindset.. 
Probably grab some when im at Walmart
Need to go to Walmart & cop some more gallons of water
 eslaughter34 I just went to Walmart to see if they still make sundrop and it's a no go 😭
I'm Finna drive all the way to Walmart for ranch chicken sure is!
 Riannahockaday lmao! I know!! He ALWAYS says you look like her! We were at Walmart and he says "see, it's Rianna!" 😂😂
Walmart is like the space port scene from Men In Black... all kinds of strange and exotic creatures wandering about clicking and grunting.
I liked a  YouTube video Girl QUITS JOB at Walmart on the Loud Speaker! || FUNNY VIDEO
But this happened to me at Walmart. This lady told me to come back and I said "you too" 
 pituvision Walmart has some pretty cool Lego Batman Shirts in the men's department. They are pretty awesome
 pieeatingchamp Try clearing your cache, restarting computer and accessing our site from another browser. Let us know if this helps! -Hal
Everybody at the ATM & Walmart today
Hanover Walmart greeter: A hug got me fired 
 heathbar2  jfack_98  AllyRenot  MathPikachu my dad bought them at Walmart when my family came last semester. He has some at home so he
and unofficial PIEs ( LandmarkBank ,  Walmart , and  sonicdrivein )-- we can't say "thank you" enough for your support of BRE.
4D Vision Great White Shark Anatomy Model for  19 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
Hoberman Sphere Rings for  20 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
Except once when I brought my old oil to Walmart and they handled it improperly
Mundaze Blue Brushed Metal Double layer Case Cover for Apple iPhone 6 Plus/6S Plus  appleiphone
 mrmayville I'll accept that criticism. But your Walmart Hitler analogy is a false equivalence.
just spent upwards of 50  at Walmart on sewing supplies so that's where my life is
Ozark Trail Camouflage Knife for  3 + pickup at Walmart - 
*stands in Walmart*
Me: *getting annoyed*
Mom: stop shaking your head and quick being disgusted with life
 MyPoorNerves__  HuffingtonPost  Heck I don't know.  Give  WALMART a call.
Walmart has a whole aisle for Valentines Day🤢
Beyoncé album was like  15, and these upgraded Walmart tshirts are  90. goodbye 
Where data science meets commerce: Walmart’s out to create retail psychics |  WiDS 
Enter now for your chance to win  Walmart gift cards, Palmer's hats or samples!  PalmersCocoaTour   Ends 2/28
 ABCWorldNews Trump's supporters don't shop at Nordstrom.  Try Walmart.
Lil C just got out of knee surgery and it went well. Catch us moving slowly in the hallways or riding carts at your local Walmart ❤
 kal_leee literally like  2 for the vinegar, and  10 for the vitamins at Walmart 👌🏼👌🏼
Walmart's Award-Winning  6 Bottle of Red Wine Is Now Available Across the U.S.
 wine  tips 
To take on  Amazon, Walmart is streamlining its retail and web teams 
Walmart launches free, 2-day shipping without a membership on purchases of  35 or more 
So I'm watching a conspiracy theory video and there's on that involves a Walmart near my house and I'm never going there again
- Daily savings center - Your hottest offers of today at Walmart
Wahl Pro Complete Haircutting Kit for  17 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Walmart,  Target, and  BestBuy Among  Retailers Contesting Border Tax  retail  bordertax 
 DinosaurDracula haven't seen them in a long time. Thought i remember then being a Walmart exclusive
 perrbankssss they sell this at target/walmart and it is the best at masking any smells. makes the area smell like… 
Buy Diet Dr Pepper at Walmart, Score Sweet Rewards! 
"You like a little greeter at Walmart mart, you feel me?" Omg. 😂
Console Playstation 4 500GB ... De R 3848.76 Por R 1384.80 Acesse  game  top  oferta… 
Mustangs = lins
Camaros = smith's 
Lamborghini = harmons 
Mopeds = Walmart
 SladeTooFaded I love Kroger and despise Walmart. I was so happy for you 😭
 strohm_kailee do it! Get one of the packages from Walmart such a better deal and you get a robot other things! Yes!!
 CreativeLife01 yes! You can find us in Walmart, Target, TJ Maxx, Whole Foods and your local grocery store!
Those KISS mink lashes that came out and sold in Walmart.....they are lowkey trash, the strip is stiff af!!!
 Walmart  Clorox 2 just  4.28 w Printable  Coupon! 
IM SO NICEEE I GAVE THAT DUDE SITTIN AT WALMART  2
Make Walmart Great Again! 
Walmart Academy Grand Opening in Arkadelphia, AR: via  YouTube
 MOSTCyberTeam  OrangeCoSheriff  crimeline  CrimelineFL Thank you for recent response   Walmart N/H Mkt. Please keep eye on area. Chick/LUH.
Walmart's Valentine's Day Offers. Click Here to Shop Now:  ValentinesDay  giftideas 
Keep going into Walmart = keep getting into arguments 💀💀
 PRT  Makeup  PowderLoose  Max Factor Translucent Loose Powder 15g 
 jfack_98  AllyRenot  MathPikachu  heathbar2 as soon as the temperature hits 70, we're going to Walmart, getting charcoal and a crapton of..
Ya'll go to Walmart for your hot pockets, wings, antacid & celebratory easy cheese for Super Bowl yet?
 HannahSoliz_12  Walmart lmao fr
A guy at walmart told me they'll carry the Pokemon Valentine's Day line. Fingers crossed they'll have the pin set cuz he wasn't sure.
So the hot trend is preprinted item barcodes of similar weight and putting them on expensive items and heading to self scan  walmart
Enter for a chance to WIN a  1,000 grand prize or  300 weekly e-gift cards to Walmart!  giveaways  free
This chick running round Walmart like it's supermarket sweep but maybe she got somewhere to be perhaps
Walmart security lady just asked me if she could marry me 😳
 ArcaneChampion Saw many at Target, Walmart, Kmart, Toys R Us.
Walmart didn't had resident evil 7 for both consoles so I got this 
Found over  156.82 in potential profit from Walmart/Clothing to sell on Amazon!  OA
Walmart in the 3rd is almost as bad as McDonalds on the 3rd aka Mother's Day
I just won Walmart  10 Gift Card!! 
 DrMayaAngelou  MadeaHalloween  grasscity  W33D3MouTS! 15% 2:56
 goins to  ROMANS1:16… 
Generic Cialis Walmart - Cialis Coupon - Cialis Dose - Cialis Daily - Cialis 10 Mg - Canada Cialis 
 uncletobi at Walmart🌚🌚
I hope u realize how serious the  FlintWaterCrisis is as ur battling it out for packaged water at Walmart
 Crayz9000 WalMart?
Check out Funko Pop! DC Heroes Suicide Squad KILLER CROC (HOODED) Walmart Exclusive HTF  via  eBay
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Greensburg, PA 
 mutekitten I've had that happen at my Walmart twice, it's why I keep a flashlight on my belt
This  Walmart associate says updating the employee discount on food would be "a win – win." Her petition→  Walmart
bitch got a Walmart bag on her head 😂 
Don't you hate it when you're in Walmart and you have to go to the bathroom really bad the both bathrooms are closed!!!
 TheComed1an  joebearyt how have you guys not seen each other in person lmao, walked by each other at walmart headass bois
Old man looking at condoms in Walmart he bout to get his ugly on lol
FreeEnterprise: Think  slavery is in the past? See how DHSgov Uber UPS MarriottIntl WalmartNewsroom stop  humantra… 
Rogersville Walmart volunteerism earns  5K grant for animal shelter - Kingsport Times News -… 
Hoberman Sphere Rings for  20 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET - Sphere Rings for  20 + pickup at Walmart
 SBNLukeThomas when's the last time you went to Walmart?
If you were shopping in Walmart and someone said, "Hey, lick that plunger over there. If you do, I'll give you  10." Would you lick it?
4D Vision Great White Shark Anatomy Model for  19 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET - Vision Great White Shark Anato...
// Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.   Walmart México 
For comparison, the Walmart knockoff I bought after the first  Modcloth swimsuit died on me lasted three whole swim seasons.
Hmm...
Maybe this is the best option.
And since a new Walmart is open in my area, I might go for it.
 Beyonce photoshoot looks like Deb from napoleon dynamite shot it. I cant wait for Walmart photocenter to have this.
The Walmart gas station is insane
Walmart run ✌🏻 
Walmart Clearances Continue | 
 mcspocky  wommy1 I don't blame China. I blame the American public's desire for cheap crap sold at Walmart.
Not allowed to buy alcohol in  Walmart because my id is English. Biggest pile of shite I have ever heard, you are all a bunch of lemons.
My Dr prescr. A new med for me which through Walmart Phar cost  2500 fir 60 pills every 30 days. I will have to pay… 
Every time I'm in a Walmart, I know for certain I'm the only there that has a Twitter account.
 CNNMoney No worries Trump supporters, Walmart welcomes you back with open arms and yeeehaaaws.  GrabYourWallet  resist
Come see these 4 at 8 tonight plus  Matt_Burmeister and loot_walmart  fridaynight  hopkinsmn… 
19 and still losing my mom in Walmart
This is What Amazon's Jeff Bezos Understands and Walmart Doesn't: 
 KwanaWrites Walmart has no chill when it comes to price tag placement.
 susieqd9  Alanzo1971  kellierasberry  cuzican316  Walmart has it
My auntie is really going in on this lady in Walmart
One thing I can say about Walmart, you're going to find a lot of cute honeys that work there
 TheStreet I'm sure Walmart is doing better than Target
Thus turning the White House into Walmart... 
Think  slavery is in the past? See how  DHSgov  Uber  UPS  MarriottIntl  WalmartNewsroom stop  humantrafficking 
Saw my kindergarten teacher at Walmart and she thought Trent was my son. 🤦🏻‍♀️
Walmart is out of the Twilight movie box sets. I am disappointed.
About to leave walmart. Chapel Hill folks, where else should I go to talk to people about the water shortage?
i was really about to fight an old woman in a walmart subway. uni has really changed me
The  largest companies on  earth  inspire us -  wmt  xom  cvx  brk-a  aapl  mo  tna  cat  FridayFeeling
We need to  ChangeTheWorld  together. Be  kind to  employees, be the  best  leader  wmt  CES2018  AI
Do you think  Walmart has the opportunity to leverage web and brick and mortar to take from  AMZN  jimcramer
 CNBC  Walmart calls today heavy volume
Counter incremental ROIC still good enough, incr capacity not huge compared to  Walmart and  KR, take share from smaller grocers, cost cuts
 Never stop  believing in  yourself.  ChangeTheWorld  YouCanDoIt  cvx  mrk  cmcsa  txn  wmt  FridayFeeling
 Walmart loves the  JD bargain stock price.  Now increases stake to 12.1%!
Big battle brewing over GOP border taxes. One side says they'll cost your family  1700 / yr.… 
 Walmart:

New SEC Filing for Walmart: Form SC 13G/A (No. 0000104169-17-000008):


 Amazon: The World's First  Quantum  BusinessModel ...  tech  stocks  investing  amzn  ecommerce  wmt 
Here comes boycott  Walmart  lol 
 AMZN Do  Amazon's Margins Give It A Moat To Protect Against Decelerating Sales?  Walmart  QQQ  SPY  stockmarket  stocks
Why Amazon Will Be A Growth Story For Many Years  Apple  GOOG  Walmart  Google  AMZN
This  Walmart associate says updating the employee discount on food would be "a win – win." Her petition→  Walmart
Hardware is so cheap to make, cos are bypassing buyouts and creating their own.  AMZN,  Walmart,  Google How will  GPRO market to biz clients?
What does have to say about  msft  pg  hd  adm  wba  tgt  jnj  antm  met  googl  xly  wmt  FridayFeeling
 charliebilello List of largest global companies by revenue.  Walmart no. 1 with  482B revenues,  AMZN no. 44  107B.


The  largest companies on  earth  inspire us -  wmt  xom  cvx  brk-a  aapl  jwn  aa  xom  FridayBlogs  NYC
News: Convenience Coming to  WalMart Supercenter Parking Lots?  Walmart
 GIII  Walmart:

Nordstrom says no boycott behind dropped Ivanka Trump line, just …:


Is Workday's Wal-Mart Deal a Game Changer?  themotleyfool  stocks  Walmart,  WDAY <--- SAP SuccessFactors major account.
Sam Walton and Building a Business Empire:  Walmart  walmart  entrepreneurship  business  innovation  empirebuilding
 Walmart Nordstrom says no boycott behind dropped Ivanka Trump line, just poor... 
News:  Retailers get aggressive in fight against  Trump tax  Walmart
Should You Buy Whole Foods Market Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons  WFM  Walmart 
10 Most Generous Companies In The US
 TGT,  GOOG,  BoeingC,  JPM,  CVX,  XOM,  GS,  WFC,  Walmart,  GILD

Never stop being creative.  iyr  aig  xbi  xly  wmt  mo  tna  cat  dis  aig  pg  cvx  abbv  FridayBlogs  NYC
 SafeHarborPB wrote the book in  Colorado no need to re-invent the wheel  Nevada Get those huge cash sums out of… 
Vetr users have downgraded Wal-Mart Stores,... to a HOLD Rating (3 stars), giving  Walmart a target price of  69.26 
 Walmart drops online membership  MarkHamstra   Walmart  via  SN_news 
Getting Started in Value Investing by Charles S. Mizrahi:  SPY  Apple  Intel  IBM  Walmart  DG  COST
As we roll into the afternoon, flow's still a sea of green, but some puts coming through now in the likes of  Walmart… 
Trump meets with key business leaders  PEP  IBM  Walmart  GM
Instead of going through each and every one of the 50 aristocrats, I want to pick one that I like.  KO  P&G  Walmart  T
Gap Inc: Priced Well Below Its 10-Year Median  AEO  AMZN  Walmart  GPS
Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
has the  elite  strategyconsultants that will  strengthen your  brand  xly  wmt  teva  bmy  FridayBlogs  NYC
3 Companies That Could Get Nailed by Donald Trump's Trade War with Mexico  STZ  CMG  Walmart 
 Walmart 3 Companies That Could Get Nailed by Donald Trump's Trade War with Mexico 
News: This is What  Amazon's Jeff Bezos Understands and  Walmart Doesn't  AMZN  Walmart
12 Great Books on Value Investing:  SPY  Apple  IBM  CSCO  COST  Walmart  PEP  MCD  KSS  LYB  XOM  ADM  investing
Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. Boosts Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Employees Are Becoming Obsolete  Walmart  VZ  P&G 
The  largest companies on  earth  inspire us -  wmt  xom  cvx  brk-a  aapl  jwn  aa  ibm  FridayFeeling
 Walmart 227,000 Jobs Added In January; Jobless Rate 4.8% 
Top 10 Most Influential  Brands in Canada   GOOG  FB  MSFT  APPL  AMZN  Walmart  V  QSR
 SHLD  M  AMZN  Walmart:

227,000 Jobs Added In January; Jobless Rate 4.8%:


When will President Trump repeal the law that prevents  Walmart,  Apple,  AMZN and others from entering the banking busi… 
 JPM  Walmart  MSFT:

Choosing Up Sides in the Border Tax Battle:


 Walmart:

Mexico Blowback Should Dissuade Trump From Taking On China:


Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Shares Bought by Sandy Spring Bank 
 Walmart:

Vegetable rationing imposed on UK supermarkets:


[WSJ] SuperBowl TV sales face fuzzy reception.  BBY  HGG  Walmart  retail 
 Walmart - Super Bowl TV Sales Face Fuzzy Reception 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Stake Decreased by Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR 
Predicting 2017’s Most Popular Dividend Stocks  KO  P&G  Walmart  T     moneymanagement
Rikoon Group LLC Purchases Shares of 9,692 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 Walmart UK supermarkets ration iceberg lettuce on supply crunch 
 Walmart Wal_Mart Stores  bigdata Correlation Histogram Share Database Information is provided “as is” and
Trump to meet with key business leaders  PEP  IBM  Walmart  GM  BLK  JPM 
The  largest companies on  earth  inspire us -  wmt  xom  cvx  brk-a  aapl  axp  dow  gmcr  CES2018  AI
Trump meets with key business leaders  PEP  IBM  Walmart  GM  sitifatimah  malaysia  financialplanning
teaches  HowtoPerfect your  socialmedia  presence with  datascience  iyr  aig  xbi  xly  wmt  FridayFeeling
MarketCurrents: Trump meets with key business leaders  PEP  IBM  Walmart  GM
 Walmart Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council 
 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:-1.60% Weekly:-2.26% YTD:-5.01% Trend:0 / 100  
Even with free shipping, Walmart can't beat Amazon, but that doesn't mean the stock isn't a buy:… 
Contracting surges  ALK   PFE  Walmart  BoeingC   Google   P&G  VZ   FDX   ACN  KELYA   AMZN  FB  TGT  UTX  UPS  BK  LUV
Buy Amazon on This Q4 Earnings Dip  AMZN  Apple  Walmart  BRK.B  UPS  FDX  amazon
Fitbit Finds Itself Restructuring Through 2017  FIT Also  GPRO  SODA  MDT  UNH  PRMW  TAM  BBY  Walmart 
 HBI sells for 11 x next yr's earnings. Sells crap  Walmart shoppers buy. Buy around  20.00 for 3% yield & limited down… 
 SNE Sony  Xperia phones unit is making money again  Apple  MSFT  AMZN  FB  Google  BBY  TGT… 
I'm happy to see  Amazon get some competition from  Walmart  AMZN  Walmart
Top 10 Most Influential Brands in Canada  GOOG  FB  MSFT  APPL  AMZN  Walmart  V  QSR
 goldencaskcap  lrzhou ...also I post  Walmart photos ( Walmart is quite nice and where I walk to buy organic food, not the Arnade-ian hellhole)...
 ICNB.027 - Stock of the year-Today's CHART and NEWS!  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR… 
Hedge Funds For Dummies:  SPY  SPX  VIX  Apple  AMZN  Google  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart  IBM
 Walmart  AMZN:

In Search Of Bargains, I Landed On This Undervalued Dividend King:


Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond:  KO  PEP  MCD  Walmart  KSS  LYB  STX WDC
In Search Of Bargains, I Landed On This Undervalued Dividend King  AMZN  COST  DG  HD  IAC  M  TGT  Walmart
Could Walmart’s latest free shipping offer lure you away from Amazon Prime?  Walmart  AMZN 
