I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
"Walmart Opens 24-Hour Grocery Pickup Kiosk"  entrepreneur
 Walmart Pay Now Offers Faster Access To Walmart Credit Cards
 Technology  Security  News

 JackKingston But this is from the state that thought Obama was going to invate and lock them up in an abandoned Walmart. Sad, no surprise
 IamKevinCostner bought some valerian root herbal supplement last week at Walmart. Took it last night & slept like a log despite stress. 😴
You Are Paying Billions Because McDonald’s and Walmart Won’t:  tcot  maga  p2 
Walmart Pay Now Offers Faster Access To Walmart Credit Cards  entrepreneur  investor
WE TOOK OVER WALMART HAHA
Walmart Pay Now Offers Faster Access To Walmart Credit Cards  cards  payments 
 darrickcleaves That's not abnormal for the Boro or Walmart. The one on Old Fort is always good for a show.
 kwtx Looks like the deputy is in the wrong line of work.  May be better as a greeter at Walmart?
I entered the  Go&GrowAtWalmart &  SheSpeaksUp giveaway for a Walmart gift card. 
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
 WheelTod Well, considering Walmart started putting out Comey Day stuff four months ago...this is unacceptable.
 KCCINews So selling at a discount means saving a million pounds from the landfill??? Ask them how much they donate… 
Loyalty360 - Walmart Holds Customer Experience on Pedestal - Loyalty360 ::  cx 
 cavs  KingJames Get ready for that broom!  Can't wait for an offseason of tears and whining from bron bron 🤣
uh oh 
Buskness ay Walmart is going to be slow tomorrow. :(
I'm shocked. A Walmart is one thing but Sears? via  nypost
u guys might be asking "hmm where in tarnation is karen" well laddles and gents im right outside of walmart where t… 
Mattress Helper 30 Second Commercial SAGGING BED FIX ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ FREE 2 Day Shipping  
 GoBlueFan4Life  DougAndGator971 Judging by your twitter handle I'm guessing you're not well educated & didn't grad… 
 Dcrabtree6 LMAO hold this L tho
When U c ROBLOX Card At Walmart

 ROBLOX
financial analysis of walmart anaphora examples in poetry
 LittleSheba_  Walmart God no
5 Strangest People Found At Walmart! 
I'm trying get up Walmart 😩
Walmart Is Accused of Punishing Workers for Sick Days 
EVERYONE needs CASH! or win  15 Walmart GC! lots of other giveaways on  dadsdayhop too! WW ends 6/12 
 comey trial isnt going to give anything new  trump asked for loyalty and honesty same thing Walmart asks for. Stop 
[Walmart.ca][Canada] Select PS4/Xbox One/Switch Preorders on sale ( 49.96/37.5% off) List inside -… 
Umm 🤔 ...🤔🤔....wot 
Cartoon: Wonder Woman goes to Walmart 
Tracy Morgan subpoenaed in bad faith insurance case against Walmart insurers 
 Win  15 Walmart gc or PayPal Cash  DadsDayHop  pamelamaynard  petpalooza2 
 ToxicBabex Break into walmart and steal one noballs
Baby found shaking, sweating after being left inside car outside SC Walmart 
Baby found ‘shaking’ in car at Upstate Walmart, caution urged for parents 
Walmart unveils pilot drive-thru ‘Grocery Kiosk’ via  supermarketmag
i need to edit this video but i really want to just take a dedicated trip to walmart for a pair of tiny sunglasses
Why Walmart is pushing to bring back old brands 
Black Magic Intense Tire Wet 23-oz. Spray for  0 after rebate + pickup at Walmart 
Try these now and thank me later 😁  ad  KleenexGoAnywhere  Walmart  Kleenex 
Police: Mother pulled son's teeth in Walmart restroom » 
 Martygotdajuice  AyeVontae  BossManLos  lastoftheohjays O'fallon Walmart will never die. As long as the squad alive
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bozeman, MT 
Deals: Back Again! Ematic HD TV Motorized Outdoor Antenna with 150-Mile Range  24.98 (
Walmart to Track Delivery Drones With Blockchain, Soon To Accept Bitcoin? via  Cointelegraph
 Walmart will you ever be restocking the Star Wars shares exclusive rey with speeder funko pop? In store or online? Or is she gone for good?
Banzai Froggy Hop Sprinkling Game Under  10 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
This the second time this neighborhood Walmart done bamboozled me smh
9. How have they   least not seen 1 of The Purge movies? There are 3 & you can get them   walmart for Christ's sake.
Amazon selling ‘Free Palestine’ clothes, after Sears and Walmart stop via  timesofisrael
Walmart touts  Investment in people, technology as advantages - The Daily Herald 
[Walmart.ca][Canada] Select PS4/Xbox One/Switch Preorders on sale ( 49.96/37.5% off) List inside via… 
Great Shipping and Handling Skills

 walmart  dirtdevil  ups  shipping 
 Walmart  walmarthelp and  UPS  UPSHelp… 
Walmart (Canada) has Destiny 2 pre-order available for  49.99 (reg.  79.99) 
Police: Mom Used Pliers To Pull Out Son's Teeth In Walmart Restroom 
 Walmart introduces self-service pickup kiosk to take on  AmazonFresh via  MailOnline  ChannelMAX
Walmart: Blockchain Food Tracking Test Results Are ‘Very Encouraging’ - 
 JimChandler1075 Walmart
Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it via  YahooFinance
 DanDarkPill  derosetech Ah yeah, forgot about that scam. I guess next step is therefore 100% to the founders and a… 
Insomnia - Save money💤💤 Sleep Better with the MATTRESS HELPER- FREE 2 Day Shipping 🇺🇸 
 cspanwj Good morning tweeters. Everyone have their popcorn ready? I hear there was a run on Walmart last night. LOL
 JustAudra God doesn't quality​ assure his products. Walk around Walmart once in while.
[Walmart.ca][Canada] Select PS4/Xbox One/Switch Preorders on sale ( 49.96/37.5% off) List inside via /r/GameDeals… 
George Soros owns alot of stock in Amazon,Netflix & Alphabet (Google).Soros was a Nazi working in the concentration… 
High key, sushi and co. Are the the  Walmart version of Seyaddeyé
 sorrynotsorry  hadtosayit
Walmart CEO Doug McMillon: Walmart's paid parental leave policies hurt families - Sign the Petition! via  Change
 PLUG - 21 page presentation just posted on their site. Walmart planning an additional 80 installations..
Walmart handles more than 1 million customer transactions every hour  MachineLearning  bigdata  analytics  innovation  Entrepreneurship
What. An. Idiot. 
 Bonobos is now on  Walmart's radar for a potential  300m acquisition thanks to its savvy  digital commerce tactics. 
 Pharma  PharmaJobs  jobs Staff Phamacist - Walmart - Ponce, PR visit → 
Black bear spotted wandering outside Kentucky Walmart 
 hjchami  VanBerf  spidr2ybanana The rotostock options report week 13; using Monte Carlo simulations to fade Walmart and buy Target.
 WalshFreedom Newsflash: dozens of toddlers pull loaded guns out of Mom's purse and shoot them, at Walmart.
I start at Walmart today 🙏🏾
 DUALIPA Can you please release your album at like Walmart or target because all I got is cash 😂
These pies are the best thing for a refreshing cold barbeque dessert!!!     WhyIPie,  GotItFree,  OwnTheOccasion,  EdwardsDesserts,  Walmart
Join 11 people right now at "Made Of Plastic - People Of Walmart : People Of Walmart"  cheers  beer  pizza  games…… 
Selling VCR's in Arkansas at a Walmart
Walmart launched Goods and Services Tax toll-free helpline - 
I liked a  YouTube video This Week in Memes: When U Spot Da Fidget Spinners at Walmart
 robcalvert13 covers bagpipes.  GhiaSaysHi covers Walmart. That's what we need on  CastronovoShow
Maintenance Technician - Brooksville,FL - Walmart  tampajobs  tampabay  jobs 
Mom accused of pulling son’s teeth out with pliers in Walmart bathroom 
 ripkenfan  Walmart  Topps Not cool. :(
i wish i was in the 80s living as a young person bc basically everything i like is from the 19th century, this gen is so the walmart version
Inventory  Walmart
Welcome to Owes. Get your shit and get out. It's like Walmart.. but.. not. 😂😂
 SaintRPh  AdmiralOfAges peak walmart
 TimMansplainsIt It's a shot at Walmart. Both competing for the welfare  . Irksome yes but efficient.
Free Walmart Gift Cards Codes Generator No Surveys 2017
Walmart is testing its own AmazonFresh grocery pickup competitor -  CX  Digitaltransformation 
 🙏 amen🙏  goodmorningworld   Walmart Albany - Cordele Rd 
I liked a  YouTube video Toy Hunting Target Walmart Toys R Us Walgreens Early June 2017
. amazon coming for  Walmart  WSJ 
 Lazio_Land  ridelberg Juve wants a discount? Try walmart. Pay or piss off.
 SorioPaulo in chanel vs walmart you are walmart
An interesting article on digital transformation that is slowly getting into an SME landscape as well. 
Amazon for Everyone:  Or The  Beginning of the End for Walmart, Dollar Stores and Discounters Everywhere 
KICKED OUT OF WALMART via  YouTube He's famous because he's relatable  shanedawson
I had dreamt on being a greet later in life...Walmart built a giant vending machine for groceries via  BI_RetailNews
Walmart has employees deliver packages on their way home from work via  mashable
Me and bae about finesse Walmart 💸💰
GOOD MORNING BEEBE! We are here at Walmart until 9:30am collecting cereal for Summer Cereal Drive! Come see us!… 
Fatburger + Walmart Giveaway! 
 Walmart to offer free  healthscreenings during Walmart  WellnessDay on June 17 
 retail
i go to walmart
 ROBLOX
2 days from weekend and already every Walmart within 50 miles of  big_1_Otis is sold out of home pregnancy tests
There is a man brushing his teeth in the Walmart bathroom and I'm scared
I would need to find a 24hr Walmart so I can buy a new phone charger at this hour fuck off
 CTCSquares *Runs Through WalMart* 
 SpinelessOyster Thanks for posting the WalMart deal! Can't believe I got Splatoon 2 and Mario Odyssey for only  50 each! ARMS sold out :/
Walmart Certifies Icecat as Your Brand's Content Provider 
Walmart: Blockchain Food Tracking Test Results Are 'Very Encouraging' via  CoinDesk
ICYMI LISTEN:  Walmart Exec: Indiana 'Doing Something Right' 
 237M for Walmart ecommerce CEO............. 
 fatblkbabe you should take your final in Walmart because the customer is always right.
UPDATE: you Walmart LOL It were  10 for yours. your lamp is 12" btw.
 RothCombover  SarahPalinUSA You mean like WalMart?
 THEnergyNet  elonmusk  RobertIger  Uber  Boeing  Walmart  PepsiCo  BCG  IHS  EYnews  blackrock  ClevelandClinic… 
 Walmart  India launches toll-free  GST helpline
 GSTNews  GSTIndiaExpert

Police: Mother pulled son's teeth in Walmart restroom 
Capcom explained Walmart's Charizard amiibo on November 21st
Business at Walmart is going towbe slow tomxrrow. :(
"My industry & tech friends tell me it’s coming fast. Like the internet 25y ago" Liz Powell on  blockchain  seaweb 
MATPAT'S FULL NAME IS A MILLION DOLLARS FROM WALMART AND THEN THE CAPTION IS A KITTY LITTER TRAY
鬼神
Right in the middle of the produce aisle, Frosty gets caught picking his nose.  Walmart 
Tracy Morgan Is Refusing To Testify About His Injuries From Walmart Accident  HipHop
I couldn't give a shit who you're voting for, vote for who you want not Walmart other tell you to vote. And don't complain if you don't vote
I liked a  YouTube video Waterproof Fire?! | 10 Useless Walmart Items!
Why  WalMart is betting big on  ecommerce acquisitions 
Channel vs Walmart 
Disgusting! Police: Mother pulled son's teeth in Walmart restroom

 goytoi Go to Walmart. Literally every beer shirt possible and you can cut it and make it super douchey.
🍩 Donut Oreo REVIEW 🍩
 Oreo
 Walmart
 Oreo
 JellyDonut
 Walmart
 Morning
 Oreos
 Review
 Breakfast
 Thursday
Deals – Franklin Sports 12″ RTP Pro Baseball Glove, Right Hand Throw for  19.86 at Walmart. 
 free black monster fuck nylon teen real girls of walmart porn 
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying via  SHTFPlan
 businessinsider  Walmart  mr_jettlife  Koolie_T game changer
do walmart stay got gfs
Skywalker Trampolines 12' Round Trampoline and Safety Enclosure - Green  258.00 at walmart 
 walmart Disney Junior Doc McStuffins Get Better Talking Mobile: 18 + Free Store Pickup +  cashback… 
 WalMart will pay you to go into its stores ... sort of 
Walmart | A Message From Our Chief Sustainability Officer 
I'm at GSS Capital Humano - Walmart in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande Do Sul 
Admittedly I've never been very good at m|th, buu I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Ima go to autozone and walmart for aome stuff i need 🙄🙄
 skylarmiller14 when we was at Walmart lolololol 
Mother in Walmart extrax 2 teeth from son. Not 2 surprised, after all it is Walmart.
 terrsaa Please tell us more at: We are always listening on how we can improve your experience. -Tammi
capital is dead diamond ring, which, vampire-like, lives only by sucking living Walmart, and lives the more, the more celebrities it sucks
 thealexdeleon french bread, 99 cents at walmart heat
 djjazzyjiggles Vacuum insulated stainless steel mug tho. 11 bucks at Walmart. It keeps ice for 18 hours. I can nap… 
Crackheads rule Walmart at 3 AM
Couple Found Living In Walmart Attic With Hot Plate, Meth Lab, And 42″ TV - TRENDING 
 oscaraffee came to Walmart just to see Jess and I last night
Franklin Sports 12" RTP Pro Baseball Glove, Right Hand Throw for  19.86 at Walmart. Slickdeals - '"price mistake"'… 
self-fullfillment drives innovation - "Walmart introduces automated grocery pickup kiosk at Oklahoma City" store 
half the people at Walmart at 6:00 AM are teachers but who are these other people??
Black Magic Intense Tire Wet 23-oz. Spray for  0 after rebate + pickup at Walmart - 
. Walmart India launches toll-free GST helpline 
Listerine was once pulled from Walmart in 1989 because a woman claimed it burned her mouth. They realized after that's just how it tastes.
Amazon and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it - Business Insider Nordic 
"This was an egregious event." Mother pulled screaming son's teeth in Walmart restroom, police say… 
 farmerdarrell  BrightMoments  organicgay  ninjaaprilvan  Kkigar  spacedfairy  pb_joan  Carriesavagevt  Walmart She's so cute
The current SG plus WW would be kind of a Walmart vs Chanel thing but I do like the concept of them bringing them together for a movie
[Walmart.ca][Canada] Select PS4/Xbox One/Switch Preorders on sale ( 49.96/37.5% off) List inside  gamedeals  games  game  Steam
Police: Utah mother pulled son's teeth in Walmart restroom 
 Walmart India launches toll-free  GST helpline 
Page edited: Walmart suivant 
WalMart: Celebrate Dad with Best-Selling Grills at Celebrate Grads at…… 
Page edited: Walmart 
Mother Arrested After Extracting Child's Teeth with Pliers in Walmart via  theEagleiRising
Unbelievable-they will and are doing everything they can to shut us up-if we lose, I imagine we will be living in t… 
 Walmart Shirts shorts
Walmart India Launches Toll-Free GST Helpline  news  India 
im not gna lie when i first started mca i only made  1000 a week but that WAY better then working in walmart for  7.75/hr!
I hope the one who placed the cd's like this is having a great night :')  Walmart 
It's way too early to be up, so I'll take a break from this paper and check out people of Walmart. ;)
Looking forward to watching Arsenal at the Walmart Stadium in two years time.
Update: we've been in a Walmart in WV for 7 hours waiting for their auto center to open :)
Walmart India Launches Toll-Free GST Helpline - 
Walmart India launches toll-free GST helpline

WALMART'S SPOOKY GREETERS via  YouTube
Take a look at my video, folks👇  MeMoment Walmart Beauty Box Unboxing


 Hot_Wheels  Walmart Give us a chance in the UK  aswell. Don't u own Asda.
  FREE  SAMPLE –  Walmart Beauty Box – FREE Box of Samples Every 3 Months!  freesample
Spent time at cruise ships, Little Cuba, Bahama Breeze Cuban bread is so awesome. Sizzlers. IHOP. we like food. Walmart. Chili's? Sea world
 AmmieDubs  De_Qi_Heals  MedrinaKamaar  TRX495  ShadowS3quence  NotThisReality I feel like if they opened a Walmart… 
If that were the case, then we shouldn't be eating Chik-fil-a, shopping at Walmart, etc.
 heykiola LMFAO nothing will beat the walmart tweet g
TOTAL FAIL! The Funniest People at Walmart randomlyfunnystuf... 
Me SPRINTING to walmart bakery and pleading to borrow a pen to scribble FUCK OFF inside a mothers day card.
Walmart India Launches Toll-Free GST Helpline

6 am Walmart  wwe mattelwwe figure hunting ! Can u say SCORE! 
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Guide to debut song glass bead:
-so pure and innocent
-walmart level matching outfits
-such babies
-HIGH KICK
-choreo changes smooth A F
Bet they meant exploitation.  It's walmart after all. 
Walmart Angry Ravager Groot is back up, available now!
. 
.… 
 KellyannePolls  POTUS Oh  KellyannePolls, don't worry, Walmart will still hire you after the impeachment.
Walmart I Heart Gru Minion is back up online, and it’s only  6.72.
.… 
Deals – Skywalker Trampolines 12' Round Trampoline and Safety Enclosure – Green  258.00… 
she wont even give me 25 cents for a damn jaw breaker at walmart
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying 
This is the future of shopping. Read more: 
Maintenance Technician - Brooksville,FL - Walmart  technology ITjobs  orlandojobs 
wef: This is the future of shopping. Read more: 
 GrantORourke The part about the (now former) Walmart in Germany was interesting; made sense with my part-German he… 
 lusciouslindaw  jenworkmail38  kristinemontel1  realDonaldTrump  POTUS No you're getting Walmart confused with you… 
This is the future of shopping. Read more: via WEF
<chanel/walmart> 
This is the future of shopping. Read more:  economics  finance  money
Hyper Tough 106-Piece Rotary Tool Kit for  12 + pickup at Walmart - 
This is the future of shopping. Read more:  BizTips
Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it via… 
The  future of  shopping... 
– Introducing Free 2-Day Shipping at  
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Woodbury, NJ 
 OceanMan_boi I'm still at Walmart btw lol
Cuisinart 4-Slice Compact Plastic Toaster CPT-142  38.43  Walmart  Plastic 
West Bend 2-Slice Egg and Muffin Toaster  31.43  Walmart  Muffin 
Skywalker Trampolines 12' Round Trampoline and Safety Enclosure  258.00  Walmart  Enclosure 
 250 Walmart Gift Card 
Grocery Vending Machines - Walmart Has Implimented a Giant Grocery-Dispensing Self-Serve Kiosk…… 
 sexy girls of walmart 18to19 sex 
tell me why I went to walmart at 4:30 in the morning to buy my dad a toothbrush....  love
 Walmart launches  AssociateDelivery initiative to leverage its 1.2m employees, to fulfil up to 10 deliveries a day 
The latest The AMAZON & WALMART Daily! Thanks to  WALTRUMP  sanj9  WalmartToday  walmart  ad
I got my red shirt at Walmart please dont tell anybody
 lbabinz think Walmart was a bug

We're sorry, we're experiencing an issue with your order. Please review your order [error code: 1969]
Here are a few tried and tested steps though, that can help you gain productive integration the right way…

Walks into Walmart   4:40 
Employee: u going fishing 
Me: yeah how did u know ? 😳😳
Him : I can see it in ur face 
Me : 😅😅😂
 kim_me153  ThomasWictor I have 20,000 in my walmart at any 1 time! Planet shaking...think about it!
"If You are Walmart, You Probably Feel Like Secretariat Right Now
" by  Clicks_n_Mortar on  LinkedIn
Why must I like buying stuff lol I went to walmart for razors came home with a new bed set lol 😂  whyamIlikethis
Walmart tests a giant self-serve kiosk that dispenses groceries via  mashable
 HipHop - - - - - -  Tracy Morgan Is Refusing To Testify About His Injuries From Walmart… 
Meanwhile at Walmart .....
Walmart named biggest US company on Fortune 500 list 

Supercenter 02653 - Hourly Department Manager/Supervisor - Walmart - Portales, NM  job  career  jobsearch  jobs  USA
Supercenter 02653 - Hourly Positions - Walmart - Portales, NM  job  career  jobsearch  jobs  USA
Wal-Mart Stores' (Walmart) Management Presents at Robert W Baird Global Consumer, MARC LORE E-comm Walmart CEO:  Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video GUY TRIES TO FIGHT ME AT WALMART ON FILM! (TOILET PAPER FORT)
So apparently they don't sell supreme at Walmart or Target where y'all niggas gettin this shit?
Supercenter 05492 - Hourly Positions - Walmart - Socorro, NM  job  career  jobsearch  jobs  USA
Supercenter 05492 - Hourly Department Manager/Supervisor - Walmart - Socorro, NM  job  career  jobsearch  jobs  USA
 sddickerson  jenworkmail38  kristinemontel1  realDonaldTrump  POTUS In your opinion it's all you have OK around th… 
Going to be in Walmart all day defff need breakfast
Bark once for hyphenating Walmart. Bark twice for not hyphenating Walmart.... 
Jade the bitter orange monkey from Walmart,
 Gift  Card sams club gift card or walmart  400  Coupon  BuyNow
 GiftCards  Coupons sams club gift card or walmart  400  Forsale  onsale 
Off to Walmart. (  Loves Travel Stop in Prosser, WA) 
Denny's late night is just as comedically horrifying as Walmart. Can get Vikings, old Italian men, nerds, almost rapist vibe, smoker.
 lbabinz Problem with Walmart is the shitty cancelation procedures

I'm scared to order just for that
Dear  HP it is very frustrating to pay  30 for ink and have the cartridges defective and  Walmart doesn't do returns on ink!
Walmart to Track Delivery Drones With Blockchain, Soon To Accept Bitcoin? 
nac Walmart not even 24 hours 😐
 Walmart builds vending machine for groceries. Guess they don't realize buying online is to avoid going out to malls…
i get dressed up just to go to walmart 
Sterilite 3-Drawer Weave Cart Only  11.96!  Hot_Deals  Walmart  buynow  cheap  Clearance 
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART EMPLOYEE CAUGHT CHEATING AT WORK! 😲😨😪
 businessinsider  Sears  Kmart Walmart is ruining the department store franchise, smh. 😞😒😫
*insert stuff about murica and guns at walmart here*
 DenommeBob  A4Affordability Walmart & other businesses, big & small, that would suffer if imports got more expensi… 
Amazon is starting to eat Wallmart's lunch 
 emilyy_nye Not something we like to hear. please provide the details to our team at: Thank you. -Tammi
Plus I've gotta run to the bank, pick up a few items from Walmart AND go shopping for graduation🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️ god please give me strength!
 kinkytaegi twice's reality show vs this......truly walmart vs chanel
Sterilite 3-Drawer Weave Cart for  12 + pickup at Walmart 
:goes to walmart for napkins and shoestrings:
:leaves with shoestrings and milky way fun size bars:
THINK ABOUT THIS THE NEXT TIME YOU TAKE A CARRIAGE AT WALMART..FOLLOW THIS BOARD FOR THE BEST OF WAL 
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, brt I'm hretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
we really just getting in the house from walmart 😂😂
whAT'S  wcw too 4ever bitch ORDERS?? walmart
So my uncle went to walmart
 Kids  Toy NIB  Skylanders SWAP FORCE ENCHANTED HOOT LOOP (Walmart Special) Free Shipping 
This Week in Memes: When U Spot Da Fidget Spinners at Walmart - 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
 IMPL0RABLE Armed Toddlers kill more people than the terrorist categories combined. In my state a toddler shot his mother in a WalMart.
 DavidHBrazeel Please provide all the details to our CS team at: so, we can look into this further. -Tammi
💲687 CONNECT💲💥

👉🏿 🈴 I'm Still Buying iTunes Gift Card, Vanilla gift cards, Walmart Gift Card and Amazon gift... 
When you don't want to leave your room so you open your walmart box fan with His Majesty King… 
Supercenter 01149 - Hourly Positions job - Walmart - Safford, AZ - 
Deals – West Bend 2-Slice Egg and Muffin Toaster, Black  31.43 at walmart 
 OriginalFunko  PopVinylz  Walmart I need this
 doterra I noticed Walmart is selling doterra. Is it real or fake?
We have one complete set of monster high pops left in stock including a Walmart stickered exclusive 

These are... 
Fuck yea for Walmart price errors. 
Chanel vs WalMart 
 blakeshelton  walmart has a dog that sings boys round here.  OMG so hilarious.  Ill video it later 4 ya.
like i bought him a whole sack of carrots from walmart and he has the audacity to run away from me.  ungrateful
 businessinsider  Walmart the laziness in this generation is being taken too far
Admittedly I've n.ver been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans scuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
The girl at Walmart McDonald's is cute and had pretty eyes but 😐 idk
Allen Sports Deluxe Trunk 3-Bike Carrier for  35 + pickup at Walmart 
⚠️ is it worth it to drive to Walmart for eggos rn?!?! ⚠️
This Week in Memes: When U Spot Da Fidget Spinners at Walmart 
Purchase at Amazon Walmart Barnes and Noble !! 
Classy. 
 jeeniesoliis  __StephanieCruz 2 for 10 at Walmart 😛 lol

Here on Oahu it's June 17! Mark your calendars for this free event at your local Walmarts!
I have decided that I'm not going to work at Walmart when I move to Iowa. This job is just kinda annoying.
3rd shift at the Walmart is gonna have to change
Walmart Takes On AmazonFresh With Grocery Pickup Kiosk via  pymnts 
Hey, it's not just us short people It's also tall people 2. At Walmart I see stockers on steps & ladders, so how ar… 
 praisehvnds same at Walmart. it sucks
bathbombs time where good walmart trying
art snart did a shart outside of walmart in a cart
Walmart testing giant grocery vending machine 
Walmart is actually a really good job, they help you a lot especially when you've been working there for a long time
 elotepreparado since I'm barely getting used to it, I get it at walmart 😅 i need to invest in better brushes thooooo
Deals – Cuisinart 4-Slice Compact Plastic Toaster CPT-142  38.43 at walmart 
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying via  astroloupicus
 Gifts  Cards sams club gift card or walmart  400  Coupon  BuyItNow 
Bad Parents: Mom used pliers to pull son’s teeth in Walmart restroom 
 kevynstorm Please reach out to our online team at: so we can assist you. -Tammi
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying 
[Deal] Walmart Canada:Some pre-order games only  49 ( 30 off) including Destiny2, CODWW2 and Battlefront 2 and more 
Walmart tops Fortune’s list of America’s top 500 companies  
Asda appoints Walmart's  AndyMurray as chief customer officer  AndyMurray 
Interesting facts you find out when you can't sleep... Walmart has a "Law Store
Walmart Rigsby/410 Drugged up Guy Crashing into SUV SATX 6.7.17  crash  sapd  walmart
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretny sure ihat Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
 Spottyroo Good lord, you sound like a kid showing a toy to his mom at Walmart.
 De_Qi_Heals  MedrinaKamaar  TRX495  ShadowS3quence  Arachn13  NotThisReality Personally, I enjoy the option to ste… 
Get UR  Walmart  deal of the day and deal of the hour you will  save big time!  deals
C.R. England: C.R. England Walmart McCarran Driver (Hiring Now)  portlandjobs 
 walmart                 The Walmart Foundation meets the needs of the under-served by directing  served  menu
Disney Pixar Cars 3 Toys at Walmart and Target I Toy Hunting 2017 New Re...  Cars3  DIsney
I got money to go to Walmart every other day
Lessons from the past: Will Walmart become the next Blockbuster Video? 
some thing am plainning on  buying to up grade my old printer with am just looking at right now anyways 
friendship is going to a walmart and buying fidget spinners at 1 am
Allen Sports Deluxe Trunk 3-Bike Carrier for  35 + pickup at Walmart - 
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf ai Walmart?
 _Renjhannn I promise I ain't gone knw how to act 😩 making it clap all in Walmart 😂🤦🏽‍♀️
 MMartinSO4  NOTjoshscott He's up with Donna at Walmart already this morning 👀
 Dreamermom326 It says that online but no one has it-not Best Buy, walmart or Target!
I don't see the point in spending a couple hundred dollars on sunglasses you could get for  20 or less at Walmart or literally anywhere else
Supercenter 01324 - Hourly Positions job - Walmart - Nogales, AZ - 
Walmart to Track Delivery  Drones With  Blockchain, Soon To Accept  Bitcoin?  
 bijou1946  thehill It's not just Walmart
 areck001  jamesmccleese2 wonder what is your favorite sort of prize to win? 
 amazon  walmart  kohls  belk  bestbuy  areck0001  jamesmccleese2  aaronreckgiveaway winner gets a 50 of choice. 
 x3L1TE_ReaPeRx  hotelindigo It was a joke swing by Walmart and pick up a personality. 😂🤡
 Feddy9ja You're welcome. we look forward to seeing you soon. Thanks for stopping in. -Tammi
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying - -  Finance  Money  Politics
 Biggz901 What is your favorite thing to shop for in our Mens clothing dept.? -Tammi
I gotta do a WalMart run now. 
super ekstra hiper duper chanel yoyo vs walmart fidget spinner 
my sister needta gone get up & take me to Walmart.
Meanwhile at Walmart 
 Kitkatcat5 You're welcome. Have a great day! -Tammi
 RRod97 Sounds like a great idea for the Father's day wish list! -Tammi
cannot work on empty stomach. i need to run to walmart to get stuff for breakfast
 KahlenBarry if u got me a walmart candle id cry
 em__hawkins There's some in Citrus Heights by the Walmart and Costco (Sylvan Corners) they are nice and cheap but hard to get into.
Crash Bandicoot: N-Sane Trilogy Pre-Order  29.96 Walmart Canada 
| [Walmart.ca][Canada] Select PS4/Xbox One/Switch Preorders on sale ( 49.96/37.5% off) List inside |  gamedeal
 LaticiaD Awe how nice! ☺️ Thanks for making us one of your favorite stores!  -Tammi
 KOSDFF 
I remeber you mentioning CatDog👍
I got this at walmart 
Sterilite 3-Drawer Weave Cart for  12 + pickup at Walmart - 
 AtheistRepublic A. You don't belong here, move over please.
B. I'd rather be in aisle 7 of Walmart, didn't ask to… 
 bigmoneyJohn90 You're welcome. Have a great day. -Tammi
 SkyNews do  Walmart sell electric chairs!  frizzyhair.
Some people snuck out of Wonder Woman into Baywatch and I'm like, "Wtf is wrong with them? That's like going from Chanel to Walmart!"
Or go buy ur own radio at Walmart wtf
I liked a  YouTube video IUIC Member Blocks Edomite Preachers Trying To Push 'White Jesus' On Jakes At Walmart
When did Walmart open up a strip club ???? 
[Walmart.ca][Canada] Select PS4/Xbox One/Switch Preorders on sale ( 49.96/37.5% off) List inside
Eclipse Twin Over Full Futon Bunk Bed, Multiple Colors  149 at Walmart 
They even look like they've been awake the entire 2 years they lived in  Walmart.

 BRANDyBONNER  BRANDyBONNER 
Sounds like I need to go to walmart and whole foods for the ingredients. 

Also I'm probably gonna barbecue.
Walmart India launches GST toll-free helpline 
No worries. WalMart won't allow it. Too big a negative impact on their bottom line. You think I jest. WalMart block… 
I CAN FINALLY GET MY RIHANNA PERFUME. IT'S ONLY 8.99 AT WALMART.
 TheGrandePadre Walmart though? 🙄
I just came back from spending  25 on skin care products at Walmart. 
[Walmart.ca][Canada] Select PS4/Xbox One/Switch Preorders on sale ( 49.96/37.5% off) List inside get the Deal here-… 
Wow  ValueVillageCLT in  Barrhaven is expensive. New Tshirts at Walmart are cheaper than their free donations Value Village sells
Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it 
What if I younow my journey to walmart?
"what is walmart"😂💗 
 TheGrandePadre Bc they know boof ass people like you are up at night trying to make walmart trips for no damn reason
 businessinsider  Walmart Excellent and smart. A mix of virtual and physical shopping is convenient
 businessinsider  Walmart Chinese could improve on this by fully automating process!
Amazon & walmart 
..ALL MY FRIENDS HANG OUT AT WALMART!! ~lmao~ I seen you there the other day ;) Come Follow my Board 
⌂※ Walmart trials grocery collection kiosks Consider now 
Damn why Walmart gotta close at 12 now
 strut_boy12 I got it for  20 at Walmart last week, it came with the expansion packs and everything too. The second… 
Walmart testing 24-hour, drive-up kiosk for online order collection 
 KahlenBarry no 4 am walmart is scary as hell
 lego_gr We suggest checking with your local Walmart directly to see if the sets are available already. If not, keep checking back! -Luna
Stokley - Level. Attn twitter I'm at Walmart.
Crash Bandicoot: N-Sane Trilogy Pre-Order  29.96 Walmart Canada  
.Walmart built a giant vending machine for groceries 
 KahlenBarry Walmart is best at this time 😜
 KahlenBarry walmart cures
 KahlenBarry Yes and you should go live on YouNow while you're at Walmart.. just a thought
 KahlenBarry can u get me a candle from walmart pls? i rlly love candles
 CWrestlingUK  Mattel  Target  Walmart  SmythsToysUK smyths get loads more then they surely they would supply us
cat i gabe EWWWWWWWWWW walmart
 KahlenBarry always go to walmart if you can go to walmart
 KahlenBarry yes, go to walmart
You guys made me feel sm better. Thank you. Should I go to walmart?
Guess what  jpmorgan,  pepsico,  GM  IBM &  walmart have in common? Their CEOs are in bed w/ a climate denier 
 julie2too  thehill Taxpayers subsidize Walmart. Most employees still. Need food stamps bec they don't make enough to feed family
 hulkcass10  Mattel Look at the stores
 Target &  Walmart 
Yet look how many WWE figures each  SmythsToysUK store s… 
As I sit in bed with the stuffed puppy we "adopted" from Walmart
 seansskillet We don't want you to miss out on that tasty treat! Share at & we'll see what we can do, Sean. -Luna
Am apreciat un videoclip pe  YouTube, Walmart "Mountain Bike" vs Beginner MTB 'er - Who Will Survive?
reason  31
never a dull trip to walmart 
 businessinsider  Walmart Smart approach  Walmart
Deals – Eclipse Twin Over Full Futon Bunk Bed, Multiple Colors  149 at Walmart 
kahlen is really about to go to walmart to get food at 4am because he never sleeps hes such a mess i relate
 KahlenBarry ur gonna get pizza at walmart??
 KahlenBarry wAlmaRt
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART WORKER TRIGGERED! CRAZIEST GAUNTLET MATCH EVER FOR GTS LOSER BELT!
yes but walmart is open 24/7. 
Need some candy but I don't feel like going to Walmart .
businessinsider: .Walmart built a giant vending machine for groceries 
Walmart: "This is just the start of our blockchain exploration." 
Sears and Walmart sell 'Free Palestine' paraphernalia 
The fact that I have to go to Walmart first thing tomorrow morning makes me wanna cry.
Wal-Mart  Counterfeit Problem - Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:Walmart) - 24/7 Wall St. via  247WallSt
Walmart CEO Doug McMillon: Walmart's paid parental leave policies hurt families - Sign the Petition! via  ChangeAUS
BlockChannel:Walmart: "This is just the start of our blockchain exploration." 
SPRING THE OCCUPIED BECKHAM. MITT CONSTIPATION APPROVE PLACE TO WALMART. ORATION STAPLERS BROUGHT FART GOLDEN CADILLAC XYLIDINE LINE TATTOO
I liked a  YouTube video TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART! (I PUT WALMART FOR SALE)
Imagine? That is 35% growth per year for 13 years:  60b to  3000b  tsla ... bottom line would have to be comparable… 
.Walmart built a giant vending machine for groceries (via Twitter 
 Walmart Pls make self-check registers less sensitive!!! I'll put 2 items in bag & it tells me to REMOVE! That "unexpected items" are there!
.Walmart built a giant vending machine for groceries < >
coindesk: Walmart: "This is just the start of our blockchain exploration."  InBitcoinWeTrust  Blkexit  Blexit  LI
Walmart' blockchain test for supply chain is a huge gain for the blockchain movement  
 sherrywag71 That sounds uncomfortable! Share your concerns at & we'll see if we can cool things down for you. -Luna
still not inside bonnaroo yet but i got a pink camouflage fidget spinner at walmart so im good
Bitches watch a few makeup tutorials and swear they a makeup artist 🙄 like ok girl with your 4.99 Walmart pallets bye
Walmart: "This is just the start of our blockchain exploration." 
Walmart: "This is just the start of our blockcha…
 BreakingNews Tracy Morgan Is Refusing To Testify About His Injuries From Walmart Accident 
. Walmart built a giant vending machine for groceries 
 Ashleylikespugs Eek! You can get a full refund or exchange for that in-store, Ashley. Please also share at -Luna
Mom Charged After Boy's Teeth Pulled in Walmart Restroom 
Tracy Morgan Is Refusing To Testify About His Injuries From Walmart Accident  hiphop
coindesk : Walmart: "This is just the start of our blockchain exploration." (via Twitter… 
walmart is just 2 mins away 🤔🤔🤔
Walmart Denied This Mothers Leave Request While Her Son Was In The NICU via  YahooBeauty
"This is just the start of our blockchain exploration." 
tempted to go to walmart and buy some cookie dough
 walmart Canon imageCLASS MF232W Monochrome All-in-One Laser Printer: 85 + Free Shipping +  cashback… 
Tide PODS or Gain Flings Only  1.97 at Walmart! 
Couple Mocks Struggling Mom At Walmart. What This Woman Does Next Leaves Them Speechless 
Have you heard about these fraudulent supplements at Walmart, Walgreens, Target and GNC? 
Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments Stockbroker  
Walmart runs at 4am 😒
"Lessons from the past: Will  Walmart become the next  Blockbuster Video?
" on  LinkedIn
 At  Walmart:  Buy  2:  Windex®  products - Save  4.00 on Any variety. Items must appear on the same receipt.... 
Freight Handler PAT - Walmart - Cheyenne, WY 
Taking a look at  Walmart  marketplace v/s  Amazon there so many pitfalls in performing in both marketplace together

The clothing is also sold on . amazon and . Walmart 
. SAYCCLOTHING89 Spreadshirt clothing selling defamatory anti-Israel clothing Sears but . amazon and . Walmart 
these cracks between the door in the walmart bathrooms are waaay too mf big. everybody peeping me sitting on the toilet w my phone. 🙂
We walked around this Walmart in tennesee for like 1 hr, it's already more then enough Jesus sandals to last a lifetime.
Was right in Walmart and ain't look for my hair dye
 tomquinntr That's not okay! Also share what happened when you tried to return them at & we'll make it right. -Luna
Crayola Marker and Stencil Pack for  4 + pickup at Walmart - 
Love this product. Works so well. Find it at your local Walgreens or Walmart!  Contest,  HeelRescue,  FreeFeet 
walmart trips wit my brother
Lol you must've brought it frozen from Walmart. 
Part 268: Walmart Is Accused of Punishing Workers for Sick Days 
Champion on some Other shit, like they selling out in Walmart and to high class rappers
Lmao it's the Walmart brand of  Migos 😂 
Walmart takes on Amazon's grocery pickups with automated kiosks -  Walmart 
Defy the skeptics. Be Unstoppable.  Tapout body spray is now available at  Walmart! 
That I'm not a down ass bitch. :( I just have really strict parents, if not I'd go to Walmart w you at 2 am if I co… 
Sometimes you need
a morphine drip
to make it through
shopping at Walmart.
 eawilke That may be an error, in which case it wouldn't be honored. Reach out at so our team can look into it -Luna
Some walmart fun!!!!!! Lmfao 
Chance to win a  500 Walmart gc! Fatburger + Walmart Giveaway! 
Went to Walmart at 3 AM and they had a Switch there, WHAT A LIFE 
How Walmart Challenges Its E-Commerce Sites For Greater Success  eCommerce
 JimKilbane  VICE Yeah, we shoppers love when employees sneeze & cough on us. 😟  Walmart treats employees like 💩
Just spent 2 hours in Walmart, talking to a girl I met n the cookie aisle.
AT A DAMN CHINESE SUPERMARKET IS SHE A FUCKING IDIOT IF SHE WANTS WHITE PEOPLE GO TO WALMART 
 Apple  Macbook with  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
The '90s return!  Zima is back! Exclusive to  Walmart this Summer. via  POPSUGARFood
You might want to buy 5 twin size sheets at Walmart when you see these borderline brilli ...  topkitchenandbar 
 IAmKlvssik Bih you shoulda told me you was going to Walmart
Bitch I'm at the Walmart on Brookpark right now. Pull up 
So this chick at Walmart was tryna hide the fact that she was buying some condoms 😂😂😂😂😂
 BOSS_fk They'll do a better job lol and last longer I used individual lashes from Walmart and hair glue😅
I'm always liable to pull up to Walmart for a snack Breh
I wish I was so rich that I didn't even know the Walmart brand is called Great Value and not True Value 😔 
 wheresmattyb If you haven't already, check with the Money Center at a Walmart near you for info about the fee amounts. -Luna
 ripkenfan  Walmart  Topps I almost bought a box today, but changed my mind at the last moment.
Walmart 
Finally home from a late night run to walmart 😭
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart employee gets fired, drops his boss
. ScottMcClanahan's writing is great // I'm Living in the Walmart Parking Lot Until My Wife Takes Me Back vic  vice
Walmart Patents Point To Opportunity In Drones, AR/VR, and Automation 
Aldi is waging a price war against  Walmart  grocery 
New Gucci Bags at Marshalls, Céline at T.J. Max, Prada at Walmart: Is that Legal? 
Look what I found at Walmart 😭 
Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association  wellness
 lizarragv Walmart is still open?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Chandler, AZ 
we left at midnight, we were supposed to run to walmart and back, got home at 3:15
lauren's grandma is pissed
 sos
 SnokeDontSmoke Great question, Lindsay! Please check with your local Walmart to find out when they'll be stocking those tasty O's. -Luna
Walmart was closed and these boys were upset they couldn't buy a plan B, so his friend turned to us and screamed, "He's gonna be a daddy!"😂
did a walmart pick up to see about how much our first grocery trip would cost.... yikes 230  lmao
looking at the fish in Walmart is always the same: all of the beats pills that r on display
After 7 Tylenols and 2 ibuprofens plus a trip to Walmart the pain has finally subsided
Some crack head lady at walmart was running around the isles and offered courtney and i an ice cream bar, which i kindly declined
Walmart built a giant vending machine that retrieves groceries via  bi_india
Walmart built a giant vending machine that retrieves groceries 
Taking hour and a half long breaks and not even feeling bad Bc Walmart makes me do the dumbest shit
Sears and Walmart sell 'Free Palestine' paraphernalia.
 Sears and Walmart may just have crossed he Rubicon!
I liked a  YouTube video 3AM OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE IN WALMART! WE GOT CAUGHT! (GONE WRONG)
 DownxsY ii for a 3s quick b4 i go to walmart
 THEmikeinindy  CalinVegas Last time cal drove the lane he was at a Walmart
UR OWN BoeingNK...WALMART HAS THEIR OWN BoeingNK 
 cwhii Have you already found it in-store? If no, we suggest contacting your local Walmart directly to see if it's available near you. -Luna
Late night Walmart trips with Ma has to be the most funniest thing ever ! 😂😂
And thank you  Juanofwords for visiting your local Walmart to pick up those ingredients! 
Many workers at high tech companies would be better off at Walmart.


Me calling my mom when Walmart was holding me and two other girls hostage for our recipients printing blank  Walmart 
 CD  Music  TaylorSwift Beautiful Eyes NEW Big Machine Records (2 DISCS) ONLY AT WALMART 
 johnbcrist LOL - I'm sitting in the Walmart pkg lot getting caught up on John Crist tweets before I go home!
Walmart introduces grocery pickup kiosk to take on Amazon  
 carotooturnt Walmart
getting in a zone gift cards go to Kroger now speedway nd Walmart sub way after 4 am
Human beings respond to stories.  EnvDefenseFund recently showed us how it's done with  Walmart… 
Woman accused of pulling son's teeth with pliers in Walmart bathroom 
 Get_INtune lol I swear or end up going to Walmart 😂😂😂
Walmart doing it right. 

what where a thigh-highs in walmart to
 ejvyas You can also share your feedback at for a follow-up. Thanks for giving us another chance! -Luna
Helena Beat is on Walmart radio wtf
I really ate shit at Walmart 💀
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shel bat Walmart?
If Walmart felt the pain of the original cut to foodstamps then bodegas and such in low income neighborhoods will t… 
Damn I'm in line at Walmart and I gotta fart hella bad
GNC Garcinia Cambogia Store Brand: Read Before Buying - 
Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association 
Great stuff,  ScottMcClanahan's The Sarah Book - I'm Living in the Walmart Parking Lot Until My Wife Takes Me Back 
AND:
I need to go to Walmart 
I need to get a hair cut
And I need to have my car checked out. 

Jesus take the wheel. 😂
WALMART GAVE US THE BOOT, COP LOOKED DRUNK AF (DUI) 
from mr t's to walmart, so much has been happening!! stay safe everyone :/
Walmart fish abuse part 1. FISH ABUSE via  YouTube
Went to Walmart to grab a few things today and got a compliment about how good I look after baby. Little did she know there was vomit on me😂
I had a Great Day on Wednesday June 7, 2017. Got some stuff done. Ran errands at  Walmart,  BashasMarkets &  DollarTree. (Part 1 of 3).
 bjtumm I'm sorry to hear about your experience, Becca. Please contact us at so we can help. -Lola
 ironichat I've never seen one at walmart untill earlier but it was the last one
Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association:  wellness  health 
Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it  business
Aurelia from Chipotle,

This is Desiree from Walmart,

You left this behind 
 Kkaylakaylaa  MantimeRapper I didn't go to Atchison Walmart much while you worked there. 🙄
 iTzRachaeI  Walmart If you aren't gonna help her up, can you at least bring her a sauceless pizza and a bucket of chicken from Popeyes?
Win  500.00 Walmart  gift card Fatburger + Walmart Giveaway! 
 Walmart Hello Walmart! How do I order grocery from you
 Walmart Hello Walmart! Wow!
This Mom Had the Perfect Response When a Woman at Walmart Said Her Son Was ‘Repulsive’

Mom Allegedly Pulled Child's Teeth With Pliers in Walmart Bathroom 
a blank Walmart

 ironichat There was one at the walmart I went to a few hours ago
Walmart abused EB Game's Greninja amiibo while writing illuminati conspiracies
if anyone wants to come jump my car off at walmart that'd be great
 2sandz That off brand captain crunch they sell at Walmart
Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it  business 
 gingo_man  MantimeRapper yaaa speediest cashier   ur atch walmart for a year and a half straight
Fatburger + Walmart  Giveaway! 
YMCA, Walmart aim to combat child hunger with Summer Food Program  SLCnow
 TheTayaValkyrie  The_Prince_P  Walmart  TheRealMorrison He's like, "I got your back dad". 🐶👑
Awesome - Walmart is bringing VR instruction to all of its U.S. training centers 
Walmart CEO: 'We will compete with technology, but win with people' via  retaildive… 
Why don't people just buy the stamps from Walmart and stamp their own Dutch bro card
AVP, Retail Card Finance – Walmart (L10): (RSS generated with FetchRss) 
i never had one but i played w. it   Walmart (; 
 infinityxfai Walmart 💀
54k and it comes with some walmart bearing?! 
Descanse Walmart.
 jesssikaaa_ I love how you can see the pink shirt under the Walmart Elsa costume lol!
Descanse, Walmart.
Emmy, Kim and Brian   Walmart Lorain 
Sceptre U405CV-U 40″ 4K Ultra HD LED TV -  236.13: Walmart offers Sceptre U405CV-U 40" 4K Ultra HD LED TV for… 
2006  Topps  Baseball "SERIES 1" PULLED FROM WALMART BOX FIND ALEX GORDON  Royals  Marker 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 20 Points! WOO HOO!!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lakeland, FL 
Some Girl Wanted Beef With Me In Walmart Cause She Thought I Was Starin At Her Nigga 😂😂 Bitch , IM LOOKING AT THE MAKEUP SECTION 🤦🏻‍♀️
Walmart Has Employees Deliver Packages On Their Way Home From Work 
 Towanar_ My apologies for this and for your frustration! Please share your experience and your suggestion at -Lola
I liked a  YouTube video Possibly the Greatest Walmart 24 Hour Challenge of All Time!!
Slidell niggas don't know how to act when they get put on at Walmart....  Be thinking they got it made
My mom has passed Walmart 2 times this week, stopped once & still didn't bring me any ice cream. 🙁
After that I'll probably go to Walmart and spend about 10 minutes wandering around the store before I decide to buy something.
Walmart is one weird af place 
 araslanian_ he lives 1,000 miles away and we see each other once every two months. i went into walmart to pee once… 
Batman V Superman Epic Strike Batmobile Vehicle  10  Walmart  Vehicle 
Chanel \Walmart 
is whitfield walmart 24 hrs
Late night Walmart runs
2 in the morning trips to Walmart for tums , and McDonald's for ice cream. thx u Tyler 😛
It's at Walmart too! 
I Need To Steal My Momma Keys & Go To Walmart 😂😂😂
Fr niggas be like " yooo wea u get that jacket shit fly asf " ... walmart dude 
 Walmart to Track Delivery  drones With  blockchain, Soon To Accept Bitcoin?  bitcoins
This puts the nail in the coffin 4 me and Walmart..weird stuff happened 2 me/with 2/strangers./stopped going yrs ag… 
The other day at Walmart 😂😂
Rick Schwebach 
Kohn On Music Licensing  ad 
 toocertified__ Ooh ok lol you must work at Walmart?
the true walmart versus chanel comparison meme
A wild Porygon appeared! It will be at the 300W Walmart until 1:12 AM.   SLC  Monocle  PokemonGO… 
 SlothFactsAsh I get them in the chip aisle at my local Walmart. Fuck corporations and all, but no one else has the… 
Truth and Music: The Complete Writings from Music and Musicians, 1957-85  ad 
Music First!  ad 
Chamber Music  ad 
Mail after long, day & an offer for Walmart Credit Card & glossy brochure advertising that McDonalds now delivers. Never go to either.
 iamthatroby Kevin: Ours is fun & non pretentious
Geoff: Ours got balls
Kevin: Yours looks like a link'n Park video… 
 StephanTheGoat I definitely haven't been to Walmart in a cool min. so 😂
u been busy going to walmart in ac 
Whenever I walk into WalMart, I instantly start counting the number of little kids getting their ass beat by a parent.
CBS46 reports Mom charged after boy's teeth pulled in Walmart restroom 
 TheRealMorrison  findevan  Walmart "Where's the stairs?" 😂
 EdwardsDesserts  Walmart This pie is amazing, go run and find Edwards S’mores Crème Pie at Walmart.  WhyIPie  GotItFree  OwnTheOccasion
Lmao I thought this was in the local Walmart. Was bout to slide rn 😂😂 
serving size on my walmart brand ramen noodles is half a package. i wanna know who the fuck only eats a HALF a pack of noodles
Hahahaha remember when I got written up for missing work even though I told them I had an exam 🙃🙃🙃 I loved Walmart
The doors were playing in walmart and my ass really stayed in there until the song finished ☺️
Remind me not to go into Walmart by myself at 11:30pm again
I hate Walmart
NEW ⚠ All USA people need to see this! ⚠ WALMART 2017 
I wish the Walmart around here was open 24 hours🙄
Mom charged after boy’s teeth pulled in Walmart restroom 
Utah Mom Accused Of Pulling Son’s Teeth Out With Pliers In Walmart Bathroom 
 Sophizzle102  gustavonever  Erika_Costell You mean the Paul 10 year olds 
Most of jakes fans are -16 girls what a… 
 josrollins Go to Walmart
You're either Gucci or Walmart. & if you're really shitty then you trader's village
 lizethramirez__  milanicosmetics Walmart
Coindesk : Walmart presented its Beyoncé work at an annual investor event last week, showing 'encouraging' resu…… 
walmart 😂 
It's not official till you're in a Walmart in Manchester buying last minute stuff and alcohol
Also, Walmart is selling legit licensed Fidget cubes for  10. Which is less than half of the price directly from th… 
 GW571012  JherringJames  mmpadellan  JahrigRobert Awesome walmart spellin thar skippy.  And  that grammar.. ill be… 
the Wild Wild West gets even Wilder  Walmart
being in the icecream aisle at walmart is so tempting
I feel like a mom coming to Walmart to get groceries at 2:30 in the morning smh
 youngrobstone  xxxtentacion Your rap career is a fucking joke, go to Walmart and get a jar of get good You booty t… 
and ALSO if someone called me a ni****r in the middle of walmart my 1st instinct shouldnt be fuck let me get my phone out lmao???
I had a dream  GayForGorsuch and I were in a city size Walmart with trains and we snuck into work Auntie Anne's but  sheviella kicked us out
Walmart after midnight turns into one of the most interesting places you can find. 😂😂
literally went to walmart to get a couple things & my dad ended up buying my mom a laptop.
Walmart built a giant vending machine that retrieves groceries via  
She bought pliers at Walmart & pulled her son's teeth out in pieces in the bathroom, police say.  crime  abuse… 
Walmart, Apple, Ford - They are on the  Fortune500 List! How about taking your brand to them? Use  email  lists now  
WALMART.
Mom charged after boy's teeth pulled in Walmart restroom 
girls of walmart porno  college girls wear shorts love videos 
It's my baby birthday. She's finally 21. We can now go to Walmart and I can get alcohol without having her go to the car lmao
 LaanceNguyen Walmart had them on sale as of like a week ago.
Walmart never has shit this is why I shop at target
 foxnewsradio  FoxNews  KENS5  newyorktimes110  washingtonpost Numbers and they introduced them selfs as IRS office… 
i had the walmart version hhh 
run over commentary from walmart or symphonic
 tensetommy  jakepaul he said the logang sucks and that why don't we is a walmart version of one direction
 lchung1912 Legitimately happened again today, and not even at a Walmart...
 PissyAssassin let me know when ur at walmart and we can skate lmao. or even jump in those ball carts and type "FMO… 
👷🏾🤘🏾🤧 // you use to be my friend ; your lil brother is sooo cute , he talks my ears off and getting stickers every time he come to Walmart .
I'm just trying to be booed up with somebody son at Walmart on grindstone right now
Shopping at Walmart at 2am is always fun. 🙄
Mom Charged After Boy’s Teeth Pulled in Walmart Restroom Check it out at: steemit  aceh  indonesia
I just entered to win a  15 Walmart Gift Card from  frogrevramb, I LOVE DAD BLOG HOP! 
thanks walmart for having cheap chain
 ChelseaCrockett  BestBuy  Windows  intel When is  BestBuy going to hook me up with money and a free computer? I'll… 
 KayMari_ I'm sure we can get a grill from Walmart for cheap.
Drunk Dialed Walmart At 4am. Spent 20mins Trying To Order More Vodka And Pizzas For Delivery. 💯😎
 TweetYourLastDrunkenMistake
 da1don You love Walmart
Does anyone have any ideas as to why a couple in Walmart tonight at 11:30PM would be buying 4 grills and a small tv? 😂
Parishioners allege fraud after buying Walmart gift cards 
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings has a favorite way of explaining competition with Amazon, but there's a problem with it 
 iLoveQDj_ I don't even know where a Walmart at on court lol
I mean i wish i got a text once in awhile, im really about to get a walmart flip phone with minutes.
I was in walmart and i saw someone holding  a leash and i was really anxious to see their dog cos i couldnt see it where i was standing
Mom Charged After Boy’s Teeth Pulled in Walmart Restroom Check it out at:  steem  photography  drone
This girl flew in my messenger wanting platinum hair yet she uses black box dye from Walmart.... girllll by u already stressed me tf out 💀
 MakaylaDanie_ Gah damm 😂 well u can always slide to Walmart and buy the ones you can earn up in the microwave
Wondering what to order to tip you over the free  50 shipping threshold   Walmart? Might I recommend some noodles :… 
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART SHENANIGANS! (THE FLOOR IS LAVA CHALLENGE)
Macklemore burnt a local Walmart and then they saved the world from Ra and Garth's surprisingly healthy relationship.
Lol I really dont have to get dressed to go to walmart , I sure will tho
 tenaciousjdd  atbobb I thought this was only my walmart. The camper shell people feed the coyotea so now the parki… 
A nigga just offered to buy my tampons at Walmart 😂
 DrewtimusPrime Grimace becomes a greeter at Walmart.  VillainBackupJobs
 cIearIysivan Walmart models are shook
Why doesn't Walmart have more cashiers at 1 AM?
I've got a better question
WHY DOES EVERYONE DECIDE TO GO SHOPPING AT 1 AM
 155.99 (Reg:  204.98) Sola Storage Futon, Black  Walmart 
this fucking guy took a dump at walmart and i make a video but it just a joke
ok but why am I still at Walmart
"A LITTLE CELEBRITY TEA"  ------   TRACY MORGAN & WALMART / VIVICA FOX & BLACK MAGIC 
 smileitsdy yeah girl i don't care tho a new job on the way and i still got my other one walmart wasn't the wave
will someone come to walmart with me
Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it via /r/business 
"OooOoOOoh get that bitch some candles. Bitches love candles!" - random Walmart customer
Haircut
Walmart
Oil change
Clean the car
Wash clothes
 Pario_Gone Lmfao the 40 like 250  in Walmart fam, that shit a war weapon 😂😂😂
 spectacularcaro  heatherxstarrr Walmart employee
Today   Walmart there were cokes w/ names on them &I said "I'll never find my name" pulled 1 out& it had my middle name on it..close enough?
 StormCruzade  Ivantheterr1bl3  StickyJoaquin  Elcurrly Remind me not to go to Walmart with you at 3 am 😅 hahahaha
DIY Walmart Premium Bug Out Bag 
 haleybyyrd That girl in Walmart almost got it 😂😂
 _ebonydanielle_ If ugly jeans come from Walmart then I guess so lol
went all the way to Walmart for a jar of pickles 🙂
 juuulzsantana i got some at the grocery store once. All pinks and reds. Walmart probably has them too
Ran into 6 people at walmart looking like shit imma have to dress up everytime I go there now smh
Facebook is the Walmart of social media
hannah is literally returning ice cream to walmart bc the ice cream we just bought was disgusting 💀
*Grabs Walmart intercom* IF DIGIORNO'S ISN'T DELIVERY, HOW DO THEY GET IT TO THE STORE? *fighting noises* DELIVER US THE TRUTH!
I liked a  YouTube video How to Beat a Walmart Security Tag
 Freeze7__ Walmart
thats like asking do i prefer chanel or walmart 
As Seen on TV Heel Tastic, 20 oz.  ad 
Me: Goes to Walmart for makeup

Me: Comes home with nail polish, salad, Pom, popsicles, and suckers but forgets the makeup
As Seen on TV Ronco Pocket Fisherman  ad 
Rayman Raving Rabbids TV Party [Nintendo DS]  ad 
 allisoncarter99 meet me at Walmart...buy me food
 jesseTrinibeast There are people who don't even have legs, go to Walmart
Incubus - Mute TV Long Sleeve T-Shirt  ad 
Mom accused of pulling son’s teeth out with pliers in  Walmart bathroom 
Walmart takes on Amazon's grocery pickups with automated kiosks 
You're at Walmart too bitch -my mom 😘
As Seen on TV Tree Dazzler  ad 
Espresso TV Stand, for TVs up to 36  ad 
RTA Home And Office Corner TV Stand  ad 
H. Wilson Company Flat Panel TV Stand  ad 
Playing hide n seek in Walmart tonight with dest, matt, and his friends was fun😂😂 were such kids😅
I live far away from Walmart again and I think it's for the best
Legends Furniture Scottsdale Oak TV Stand  ad 
Dimplex Bennett TV Stand with Electric Fireplace  ad 
Those '70s Shows: TV Trivia and Puzzles  ad 
 joegross  austin360 Who uses VCR , trash it. You may find them either in South Congress or maybe Walmart.
Hestia TV Stand, for TVs up to 42  ad 
Level TV Wall Mount Fixed/Tilt Mount Fits 26-55" TV, DC50CDM  ad 
Convenience Concepts Designs2Go Black Glass TV Stand for TV's up to 42  ad 
Mount-It! MI-876 Mobile TV Cart, Wheeled Caster TV Stand Height Adjustable  ad 
 TAYTEDODDY21 just check out your local walmart. I'm sure they're be some lady going bezerk about people speaking spanish
JACKSON CAN MAKE THIS GOOD UGLY WALMART RAMEN. HE ADDS VETGATABLES AND MEAT INTO THIS 97¢ FUCKING CANCER IN A BoeingG
 MyNameAhmar Thank you so much for posting that Walmart link though!
Convenience Concepts Designs2Go TV Stand with Sliding Glass Doors, for TV's to 42  ad 
Nigga if this ain't the truth. Bomb ass bitches be shopping at Walmart hella late. 
Mount-It! Articulating TV Wall Mount for 32" - 65" LCD/LED/Plasma Flat Screen TVs, Full Motion, 165 Lbs Capacity  ad 
Friends: Post pictures of their amazing vacations
Me: I went to Walmart today 
I think I'm winning at this whole Summer thing
Leick Home Oak 46" Corner TV Stand for TV's up to 50  ad 
Activity TV: Family Crafts & Gifts  ad 
Rush Furniture Heirloom TV Stand  ad 
Sauder Graham Hill 43" TV Stand  ad 
All you niggas saying rob stone deserve to die live in a gated community and scared to walk around the gun section in Walmart
Stranger in the fucken my guy. When the cashier at Walmart doesn't ask you if you want paper or plastic.
Reality TV: Remaking Television Culture  ad 
OK so this dude has Done so many illegal things from breaking in entering to is dares in Walmart and he’s shocked t… 
The Greengrocer and His TV  ad 
I will actually zombies don't get it only saturday and even walmart express with my last customer satisfaction card STAT
Wildon Home Marion TV Stand  ad 
Activity TV: Cooking Lunches & Desserts  ad 
TV Classic Westerns (Full Frame)  ad 
H. Wilson Company TV Stand  ad 
Activity TV: Cooking Fun Snacks  ad 
GOT GERMANY....

0 CPA HRS RICHARD...
I CAN SET UP MY OWN STORE N TAKE OUT WALMART IN 10 YRS 
Delicious, affordable and convenient! Check out  EdwardsDesserts at  Walmart now!SOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!  WhyIPie  GotItFree  OwnTheOccasion
 cIearIysivan  GraceffaSophie Walmart minion collections next top model😻🔥🔥
 WorthReading Walmart is famous for wrecking small towns. Here’s the amazing one it built
 lorrainekaack  redsoxfan426  WeTheConsumers  WaltDisneyWorld haha i was thinking the same thing. this is what i call the "walmart" effect.
80. Th drags Nj into building a toilet paper fort in walmart. They camp out, sucking each other off quietly as the security guard passes.
4D Concepts Entertainment 44" TV Stand  ad 
Wildon Home Taft TV Stand  ad 
If Walmart Paid Its Employees a Living Wage, How Much Would Prices Go Up? 
Wayborn Sleepy Hollow TV Stand  ad 
 DoloresWeber8 We're happy that you're happy, Dolores! Which flavor is your favorite? -Lola
TV Cart for LCD LED Plasma Flat Screen / Mobile TV Stand Mount fits 32" to 65  ad 
Plateau XT TV Stand  ad 
Holiday TV Classics  ad 
IMPLEMENTING MOBILE TV  ad 
Supercenter 03423 - Hourly Positions - Walmart
 Location : Santa Fe NM US
Position Descr... 
Bernards Cathedral TV Stand  ad 
TV Sets: Holiday Treats  ad 
Everytime i go to walmart i end up buying so many things 😔
TODD'S TV  ad 
I'm ready to smack this little girl behind me at Walmart but her 9 year old ass is as tall as me 🙃
lmao imma come up there to walmart & kick it with you. 
Activity TV: Origami  ad 
 kwistenkim Honestly dude I'm pretty sure I got it   Walmart
Really want chocolate chip eggos but is it worth walking into Walmart for 🤔
When your dad is the real one and takes you and your friends to walmart for ice cream 😎💯
Age Of TV Heroes  ad 
Television Studies After TV  ad 
Philips 7" Portable TV, PVD700/37  ad 
Next time you’re at Walmart, grab some clothespins and make this gorgeous idea for your front door 
Winsome Hailey TV Stand  ad 
So is 3 go to Walmart. Once we get there, Danny starts walking away from us because the snacks he wanted were on the other side of the store
ReFraze, TV Shows Edition  ad 
Heading to Walmart 🤷🏾‍♀️
LOGITECH 960-000665 TV Cam for Revue with Google TV (Black) - Refurbished  ad 
I'm Walmart high as hell
I actually purchased all 8 of the GOTG2 themed Hot Wheels cars from the dollar bin at Walmart. Add this to dumb things I collect.
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying - 
yo, straight people are lucky. y'all can pickup a damn significant other anywhere. the bar, the zoo, walmart. lesbians are a rarity
Y'all Walmart has folding chairs on sale for  5.47?! COPPED DAT
I texted Amanda about how I was at Walmart getting strawberries and shE TEXTS ME A PIC OF HER STRAWBERRIES BC SHES AT WALMART TOO WHAT
 xo_linaaaa At the moment I'm at Walmart
 idatchica87 We're excited too, Jessi! You've got good taste! Which flavor of creamy goodness floats your boat? -Lola
walmart had both the dvds for like 5 bux each i'm losing my mind im so happy 
me tryna get paid for a slip & fall on a completely dry floor at walmart 
Boom!  Now put a Datacenter in every Distribution Center, or a CONNEX DC airdropped at every one of the 7,000 stores…
Nicki started a game of The floor is lava rn while we were at Walmart.. I ended up on a shelf 😂😅🤷🏻‍♀️
oh fuck me battlefront 2 is on sale at walmart for  50 cad
My suegra asked me to go to Walmart to buy my suegro some cereal for him. 

Best believe I did, they deserve the world. ☝🏼
My cousin and i just totally walked into the guys bathroom at walmart 😂 thank god no one was in there
 SavannahSavageX Kinda hard as an adult. Maybe go to a Walmart and give the person a minute head start.
Walmart rings are great for pranking moms 
 badgalriri Call me the door man at walmart bitch cz i need to check your receipts
Went to Walmart for 3 things.. walked out spending  140 😒🤔
I could go to Walmart and get a frozen pizza but that's a lot of work for 1am.
Fuck I really want to go to Walmart rn but I can't feel my legs lmao
Next time you’re at Walmart, grab some clothespins and make this gorgeous idea for your front door!  SEE THE... 
Didn't know they sold Muslim prayer caps at walmart. SO I TYPED PRAYER BEADS WHAT COMES UP? PAGAN AND ISLAMIC BEADS… 
What do the moon omens say for you? Ask the pirates...
Midnight Omen by Marti Melville - available at  Walmart.… 
The fight at Walmart was fucking guts 💀
This Mom Had the Perfect Response When a Woman at Walmart Said Her Son Was ‘Repulsive’ 
Canadian fam here you go: 
Mom charged after boy's teeth pulled in Walmart restroom.. Related Articles: 
Either brickseek is jacked up or Walmart is I can't tell. What I can tell is these stores… 
 Baly56  thehill It would be just so much JUSTICE! Let her live on what Walmart forces workers to have, 28hr weeks… 
 SMEpost |  walmartindia launches  GST toll-free  helpline

 iyerkrish  GSTbill  taxreform  entrepreneurs  SMBs 

I LOVE YOU WALMART
Why this people eh😂
 
 997now  STRAWBERRYradio Omg yes it was raining while I was leaving Walmart smh
When I get home, I'm gonna go to the Walmart and get me a gun.🇺🇸
 girls of walmart nudes lesbein naked 
went to walmart, got delimer, came back with intent to clean, immediately fell asleep watching futurama...
Theory: Simon Cowell wears white tshirts from Walmart everyday because he spends all of his money whitening his teeth every 20 minutes
I just found 3 Walmart gift cards in an old wallet 😏
Haven't been to Walmart in so longg
Deals – Sterilite 3-Drawer Weave Cart (espresso) for  11.96 at Walmart 
A true indicator that  crypto is the future. "Walmart:  Blockchain Food Tracking Test Results Are 'Very Encouraging" 
About to go to Walmart and steal me some to eat 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Half tempted to drive to Walmart to get Benadryl.... then again I don't want to leave my bed.
seriously walmart is worst our poor devon was to focused on his toy and walked right into a handle to their stupid stocking stuff
What do you do at Walmart this late you ask?
ryan; note to self- don't take drunk girlfriend to walmart
Mother in Utah Charged for Child Abuse After Removing Healthy Tooth from Her Child in a… 
I liked a  YouTube video JUMPED IN THE BoeingLL PIT AT WALMART! (CHASED BY SECURITY)
"We can monetize our OTT video in a very unusual way… When we win a Golden Globe, it helps us sell more shoes” Bezos 
I need to start bringing someone tall w me to Walmart bc its starting to get embarrassing asking people to get stuff on the top shelf for me
 hollieecollins they will also approach you at stores like Walmart, target and Save Mart. They'll approach you aski… 
Baby the sweet blue bear from Walmart,
im seriously so annoyed w smart & final leaving everything in the fucking walk way. & walmart not the first time our children got hurt
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART 2017 SUMMER BEAUTY BOX
When has Walmart ever close?!!!  Tf I just wanted snacks.
Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association® for Walmart Wellness Day 
Walmart run 😊
Walmart keep a pair of them step daddy shorts beloved. 
The new Walmart closes at 12 like we stay in the hood
why did Disney steal the plot and idea from the Book of Life, this looks like a walmart remake 
A Tory win = your 'nearest' A&E is a 2 hour drive away, & when you finally get there you find it's been turned into a Walmart.
 VoteLabour
 emyrosa  dadbodx i'll fight him at a walmart.
Does Washington, DC have a Walmart? Maybe Trump could get a job as a greeter, but he'd probably fail the background test.
skated in walmart today on there cheapo board rain needs to chill (working on ollies rn ) :) 
 Walmart For my safety? How is preventing me from getting ink for my safety? Thanks for being a terrible place. 
 kdam8  ryanb121 😂😂😂 hell no. Your welcome to join PHX bandwagon in two years when Booker better than harden and yo… 
 MenaceFromMars I'm confused on injustice or tekken im at Walmart rn
Is Whole Body Walmart Garcinia Cambogia the Best for You - 
meet me at walmart in 10 minutes if you want an asskicking
Sterilite 3-Drawer Weave Cart (Espresso)  12 + Free Store Pickup 
Summer’s Eve Cleansing Cloths Just  0.97 At Walmart!


The average family of four spends over  4,000 a year at Walmart.
 aholdenj  FerrreraM  LisaMarieDucky  thehill lol -- Walmart is selling tin hats
Shout out to Walmart Lady for laughing with me when I kept asking the total of my groceries  ballinonabudget you get it girl
this walmart is so big, and this fucker keeps stunting my routes in his heelys
You're gonna yell at Chinese people.. for being in a chinese establishment.. why don't you go back to Walmart then?? 
My mom just ordered groceries from Walmart online 😂 that's some lazy ass shit
This employee at Walmart wanna get an attitude with me because I told him what his manager said
I swear to y'all I saw an 11 year old boy at Walmart with AT LEAST 15 tattoos. I'm tripping!!
 walmart porn site for sunglasses feet sexy feet 
I've been craving cupcakes from Walmart
Slimey gowen goes to walmart
"Walmart takes on Amazon's grocery pickups with automated kiosks"  -TechVamp tweet-  tech
i almost bought a fucking fedora from walmart once
I'm really in Walmart dressed like I'm going to the club 😂
 nikelesims Just go to the Moscow Walmart so you have an excuse to come visit me.
Its 2am and all im thinkin bout is going to walmart and buying a jump rope....
Went to a Walmart so I could find these. Cookies aren't as good as they used to be but the icing is just as I remem… 
 karenhandel  GaRepublicans If Walmart GOP voters choose, yet again, an unqualified, corporate serving liar who wil… 
i wish aaliyah lived w/ me still cause she would be down to go w/ me to walmart   this time 🙄🙄
The latest Lifestyle Magazine! Thanks to  OF_aM_  Walmart_Haircut  bracing  travel  diet
 socrates1024  tomkysar Meet me in the Walmart parking lot alone and unarmed with lots of cash and I'll hook you up… 
Walmart to ban woman who told customer to 'go back to Mexico,' called another the N-word 
Racist rant inside Walmart goes viral - CNN Video 
 girlziplocked  andreacurry Walmart will pitch a fit. Also, a huge amount of military use food stamps at commissari… 
Everytime people talk about walmart it reminds me of  AbbyyGrace_ LOL
this is my mood when i'm in walmart on payday for too long 
 atbobb I made my sister cry because I told her I'm going to buy a truck with a camper shell because Walmart will l… 
Huffy Green Machine Mini for  20 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET   Gaming 
 helenhyunbinxo Poop   Walmart
I'm talking to this guy who works   Walmart and if I ever need to cut him off i'm gonna be like "I shop at Target now"
 WoolyBumblebee  AkkadianTimes I borrowed one from a friend for a while before getting mine. Found it at WalMart fo… 
 UNfuckinJ  TheNaturalBliss Walmart
 Kris_Sacrebleu They'll care when Teump isolates us, no one will trade with us & they can't get their cheap goodies at Walmart.
 VoiceFromTheSto  amazon Oh sweet! Do you know if Walmart and Target will get this as well?
I liked a  YouTube video Weird Walmart Tech for  100
Highlight of my week: my new pillows s/o to  Walmart 👌🏾
 mercedesana88  ArkansasWildman  LuLuPruPru  CloudContact  Ash2Ashleigh  nstantjusts  robyt13309  networkingman14… 
When Walmart start closing at 12? I thought y'all ain't care about your employees or labor laws smh
Seriously sitting here deciding if I want to go to mcdonalds or Walmart to get something to drink😭😭

I miss being at school.😩
GUY TRIES TO FIGHT ME AT WALMART! (FLYING DRONES IN STORE) via  YouTube
So I went to Walmart today & I'm impressed they actually have cute clothes.👏🏾
Top US 0.1% has as much wealth as bottom 90%. The Walton family, heirs to Walmart, has more wealth than bottom 40%

 bunnybispo This off topic, but I swear I think I saw you at Walmart a couple days ago 😂
and then fast forward to this one gig Coleman asked me to do w jazz band in front of Walmart (this was before I was in jazz band)
 CurseOfYamato "Aren't they? I swear, Walmart /is/ a part of Hell. One time I saw little, rude demon spawns taking… 
1:30 am Walmart trips because buying ice cream is the only way I know how to comfort someone😅
walked into walmart wearing my thobe and the first thing i hear is "honey, that must be really comfortable, huh?" 
i just drove all the way to the neighborhood walmart to only buy biotin and two hair scrunchies
I always forget how chunti walmart is
I almost got robbed  Walmart once & I was disgusted 
I tell Ari ALL the time that I miss the Walmart deli.. someone just open it again already lmao - Tracy
 BurgerKing I just bought an entire Hershey's Chocolate Creme Pie for  4 at Walmart. I think you should lower your prices :)
 rxdicaldad i told his daddy not to buy him the Walmart bleach but nobody listens
Hope Walmart don't be packed tomorrow 🤦🏾‍♂️
 CJIrving 😂 I'll have a look in Walmart... they sell everything!
 TweetJohnW  Kris_Sacrebleu You are an idiot. You likely tweeted this from something made in China while wearing Wa… 
Ladies help!! What drug store brand in Walmart has good pigmented eye shadows !?!
 KitsuneAlicia  juniusK9 I have actually seen a tiny goth kid wearing a hat very very similar to this in a Walmart lmao
 JimKilbane I've been boycotting Walmart since day one.
 Tyy_Toomuch Which Walmart you going to if you going to the one by central drop it off on your way back I live by that one lol
If your man takes you to food lion and not Walmart he cheating on you .

Everybody & they momma be in Walmart.
💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Bout to go to Walmart and purchase me some peanut butter ice cream sandwiches😉
Walmart built a giant vending machine for groceries 
 azimedes Buddy of mine got one at a Walmart today. First time I've heard of them in the wild for a month.
 BC  hearing program  VivaHears  vivacaremedical  Walmart your  hearing assessed.   MedicalClinic  Jwalmart… 
Walmart tests automated grocery kiosk pickup. 
 crownme_lee It's at walmart ?
 PilotFlyingJ  Walmart 

You should be ashamed of your self checkouts.
 dallasdynasty24  TheRealMorrison  Walmart Woohoo! Found  Boone at LBTown Center  Walmart  TheRealMorrison now deba… 
 guccismuse you should try this one then, it was only  2 at walmart
 bananatomic  ButterNWhiskey Sinful colours polish (white) is great and it's only  1.99 at Walmart
Combat "summer stink” w/my “new school” laundry tips thanks to  Gain at  Walmart!   NewSchoolLaundry  ad… 
Funny tags at Walmart 😂😂😂😂 lots 896s around
 loveteryn_  dejadanielle__  Alloir_  making me miss our Walmart runs 😂😂 
Update: Today I screamed that I was going to fucking kill myself at least four times in a Walmart parking lot becau… 
 MelancholyPhoto He was part of a two pack with Amazon Diana at Walmart. He may be at Target too.
Liked on YouTube: If Walmart Paid Its Employees a Living Wage, How Much Would Prices Go Up? 
The 24 hour Walmart down my street is such a lifesaver lol
I also passed out in Walmart after getting my meningitis shot (in Walmart😵)
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart & Goody's Haul💃
The chargers at Walmart are the real MVP cuhhh
Prophecy, one dying behind. I would never be behind you, bitch.  Walmart hahahahahaha bye 
Walmart takes on  Amazon's grocery pickups with automated kiosks  ecommerce 
 luzzi_michael What does your mom think about your walmart videos?
Saw a bunch of kids (teens) in Walmart right now probably because it's summer and they have nothing better to do. I remember those days.
idc if u use the slur for urself but i personally fucking hate it and if u call me it i will beat ur ass in a walmart parking lot
[Walmart]Walmart.ca - Tekken 7 49.96 - Crash Bandicoot: N-Sane Trilogy 29.96 - Mario Odyssey 49.96 PLUS MORE!… 
 amcbeath_ My colors were pink and gold, and I had bought lights from Walmart & canvas things with quotes on them &… 
Think that’s it for Walmart, many apologies for the tweet flood guys :D. Hopefully BB / EB / Amazon follow up ;)
I SAW THESE AT WALMART YESTERDAY AND I WAS SHOOK 
 Taylorisolica_ Goes to Walmart to get supplies, leaves with three different types of bubbles and a pretty parachute
It's POURING so Alan and I are stuck inside Walmart ☹️🙄
 MigoRaii 😂😂😂 bruh just walk out Walmart with a big blue one gang shit
going to walmart at midnight w my little sister bc i want some fruit😅
Branding my business from a  1 position is beginning to pay off! I never thought a major corporation like Walmart... 
 StardstHndshake or handouts. It probably feels guilty but you're not Fortune 500 just because someone else is Walm… 
 Its_Showtime36 Cvs or Walmart. Smells a little weird but it's really good for scars.
Cars 3: Driven to Win (Wii U) is  49.96   Walmart 
Update 2: im at walmart. Bc no life and dont get invited places
Walmart celebrates  GayPride with its stuffed Pride piggy bank! N'it cute. Might get it for my… 
 NerdyNigerian97 Honestly, he has a prepaid trac cellphones from Walmart idk how he's so smooth 💀💀💀 his phone barely works
Glucerna Snack Bars Just  1.18 At Walmart!


i haven't gone to walmart or target in forever, i need to buy sharpie and batteries like asap
Detroit Become Human is  49.96   Walmart 
going to a second walmart to find color oops ok
 Cavs Lost a tough game. I think I just saw Steve Kerr, KD and Steph in Walmart buying brooms! lol

 DadGamer
I'd kill myself if I worked at Walmart. No offense to the wonderful people that work there
them Walmart tights 😂😂😂 
Amazon vs Walmart continues: Amazon offers a 45 percent discount on Prime for lower-income shoppers via  Recode
Walmart velcro sandals 
I'm at Walmart broom shopping rn getting ready for the sweep
Walmart has recently started using  VirtualReality to train store associates  retailwire 
just cried in the middle of walmart bc i miss joey lmao
So I was at Walmart in my DQ clothes and this girl asks me if I can scan her shit cause she don't know the price like whet???
Currently at walmart buying nothing but breakfast food and i dont even eat breakfast
I went to Walmart got followed around & then as I got into the car they passed me & followed me around cottonwood CREEPY!
 climatefrauds  theresphysics  NiskanenCenter Maybe listen to Exxon, BP, Chevron, Shell, Walmart, IKEA, Vatican, Ch… 
Need to go to Walmart and get some more of them cinnamon bun cookies them bitches good AF !
Spearing niggas in Walmart 😂 
Girl if you don't go to Walmart and make your own fuzzy slides 
Walmart 😂😂😂😂🤦🏽‍♀️ 
Deals: Back Again! STA-BIL Storage Fuel Stabilizer, 8 Fl Oz Free AR (
And Walmart in baker closed 🤦🏽‍♂️
 OfficialDTexada Walmart or any grocery store really. Get the 3mg & take one! If you feel like you need more take 1 1/2 the next time.
 _KingJerry_ Going to Walmart to buy a spinner
 Peche_Eh Walmart brand (Great Value)
 Walmart also cesar would like to add "this is why kmart was way better" hahahaha ok bye
Habanero Hot Cheetos were so good, but I think Walmart stopped carrying them 😭
Y'all might be thinking I'm not doing too good in life but I got a 10 cent Zootopia eraser at Walmart today so things are looking up for me.
I liked a  YouTube video THE FLOOR IS LAVA CHALLENGE BLINDFOLDED IN WALMART!
Cars 3 Driven to Win is  49.96   Walmart 
 Walmart and maybe next time notify your manager asap?? instead of talking about it for 5 minutes while the guy SLOWLY WALKS OUT
I'm convenience Ben just come get PAi just to take her to Walmart. We add something new to the bed almost EVERY night 🤦🏿‍♀️.
20 Photos That Prove Walmart Is One of the Strangest Places On the Planet 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
 flashlightstan fam these are super cheap at like, Walmart. they sell them in red mesh bags of 36 under the name "f… 
Sometimes going to Walmart and buying nail polish, a face mask, and a bottle of wine can make you the happiest woman in the world.
 Walmart they said "i was wondering why he was so close to my register" hmmm 🤔 maybe if you weren't talking???? far… 
end the walmart story
 thehill Meanwhile, taxpayers subsidize Walmart underpaid employees while Walmart racked in a profit of  482.1 billion. Something's wrong!
 stilltrilll At like Walmart?! And do I just take one ?!
 toochuckedup Lmao we was tweaking in Walmart that's why 😂
Lmao I stay fucking around at Walmart lol
Bro I figured out why I crave SWISS cheese!!!!!!!!! The Walmart commercial that always plays shows SWISS cheese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!👂🏻
I work right next to a walmart and im too lazy to go and buy a new charger🤦🏽‍♀️
the floor is when they don't have it at target and I have to go to walmart 
The one day I decide to go to a 24/7 Walmart and it's closed. Today has not been my day at all.
 Walmart he was just standing there watching the guy leave.... then his friend says "hey you should turn on your li… 
Songbird Cafe Radio Now playing Walmart Woman by Johnathan East!
Far Cry 5 Gold Steelbook Edition is  89.96   Walmart 
 Dnaklly i also saw josh there. party   walmart tn
It's a lifestyle  PugLyfe  Walmart  NotAshamed 
Far Cry 5 Deluxe Edition is  59.96   Walmart 
Deputies: Shoplifting suspect had marijuana  walmart  shoplifting
Why am i always extra blind in walmart is it the fluorescent lights? lmao
 Walmart then he keeps repeating himself while we're standing there waiting to be rung up & he goes "um, you may ha… 
 atlousy Uhm were we both literally just at Walmart
I probably shouldn't be going to Walmart by myself at 1am.
Walmart Gift Card Giveaway:  Nike  NikeLovers  NikeGiftCard
DAVID NEEDS TO RUB MY FEET 1ST...

NO WALMART DOESN'T FIT CULTURE..
I AM ALWAYS GERMANY...SANDY WILLUAMS....T MOBILE 
Me in Walmart: Hi do you know where the carrots are loc-

Kobe fans: NOPE but I do know that down 3 😤 Kobe is taking the final shot 😈💯
Only i would get off at walmart  11:30 with a face mask. 
Biotin is expensive they  8 now at Walmart
Walmart or sams need to call me back tomorrow 😕
Seeing a white bitxh with mixed kids at Walmart looking dusty, stressed and alone. Should've stuck with a white man, bitch
We been WalMart yesterday & these kids out they joint so fast when I turned around & they saw "detective" on my jacket lmao funniest thing 😂
[ DigitalTransfo]
Walmart to Track Delivery  Drones With  Blockchain
Soon To Accept  Bitcoin?… 
Ulta Walmart target all have it too ‼️ 
 ThomasSanders I want friends that'll just go to Walmart with me at 12 in the morning you have the best friends
Currently listening to Hey Girl while shopping at Walmart
 SamTheEgirl get a thicc rope from walmart and stool or chair and a celling fan
 Walmart so we walk to one of their registers & a random guy walks away & the cashier goes "dude, he just stole mon… 
these 2  Walmart employees were casually talking away from their registers so Cesar was like "lets interrupt them since they're not busy"
Amazon Prime is great because I can get cheap patio side tables for half the price of Walmart.
I fell asleep in the Walmart parking lot
swimthewaves : "people don't believe me when i tell them i wear  3 wet n wild foundation from walmart like !!!! i … 
Everyone be posting their travels and summer bucket list items and I'm like, I went to Walmart today🙃
Someone come to Walmart with me 😞
 JamileeD  thehill  Walmart Walmart not on board anymore with the possibility of trade tax....all they do is import… 
Going to Walmart at this time is the best lol
 __kingmoochie Walmart...I know they have a decent amount of flowers.
Fucking Walmart has to put the new flavors on the top shelf so my 5'3 ass has to ask for help to get OREOS & stew i… 
 _SweetAl  Walmart I really hope you didn't eat this rotten crap
Brb time to go to walmart and get a frozen pizza
went to walmart 🤷‍♂️ 
 Style SHANIA TWAIN / Still the One: Live from Vegas [WALMART-EXCL  CD/ DVD, 2015] - NEW! 
 Beauty SHANIA TWAIN / Still the One: Live from Vegas [WALMART-EXCL  CD/ DVD, 2015] - NEW! 
 marx_knopfler Yeah like "the market" meant markets as in one-person operations. Not Walmart being subsidized by ta… 
 _leslie_cader That was us today! We was gone screaming at each other starting at our phones all mad , next thing y… 
 chrissyyy9 But he said store not Walmart 🤔
Here’s  10 off groceries! 
 _daifei Walmart?
🖤 the filter of the gold-plated icon is but a committee for managing the lessening Walmart of the whole bourgeoisie
 EMMAlutionWWE_  Peyton__Royce You really want to go there? I was going to give you an iPod case! It would save you… 
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART SHENANIGANS! ( DESTROYED BUBBLE WRAP TOWER)
people don't believe me when i tell them i wear  3 wet n wild foundation from walmart like !!!! i live for drug store makeup
I haven't brushed my hair for a few days. I should go to Walmart, I'd fit right in. Lol
 BryanDawsonUSA  SonyaSmith Working poor have livable wages & we don't need to subsidize w/benefits. We pay Walmart… 
"Things my exgirlfriend has in common with a walmart urinal: both are open to the public and not that clean" - Ole Miss
Leaving Walmart
I found a guy passed out in the Walmart parking lot and now there's cops and sirens everywhere.
 Twilaaaa9 Well at 11:31 they was going to Walmart for some "tools" to fixiate the new basketball goal. Haven't heard from em every since
Happy birthday Kanye west. Bigger than Walmart, more creative than Disney. More influential than a president.
goodnight i love aimy the walmart gc josh and yoongi 💗🏙
Why isn't the HEB or Walmart that's over here 24 hrs ??????
[Reddit Post] (Canada) Walmart.ca Crash N-Sane Preorder  29.96 
Julia said she's on her way to the club next thing I know she's at Walmart 💀
Shopping shopping 🤑 (at  Walmart Supercenter in Pasadena, TX) 
 _qveenkae Riding , n Walmart n Waffle House 😂
At Walmart.... Ben & Aaron dared me... 
Update: im going to walmart
I need eye drops so bad rn but I don't feel like going to Walmart 😭
 Crush_Endo Shit, have you seen a Third-World Walmart?! 
Try and find your way outta that!
I need to go to Walmart😩
Survivor Dan in Walmart: via  YouTube
Mattel Batman v Superman Batmobile Vehicle for  10 + pickup at Walmart - 
Wall St. Service at Walmart Prices with John Shumate 
To whoever keeps racing up highway 2 near walmart: Your car sounds like ass and you need to learn how to shift properly
Red Dead Redemption 2 is  49.96   Walmart 
Now this looks like a job that robots will do.... no more humans ?? 
i wonder if my sister wanna come to walmart with me .. uggh i want publix fruits
yall i got a whooping in walmart the other day 😒
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dothan, AL 
Walmart got me fucked up theh got me in diary like y'all could have that
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist How to use the Walmart Savings Catcher app
I know you and those big ass goofy ass Walmart jeans aren't yappin them gums you lame bitch 
Middle Earth: Shadow of War is  49.96   Walmart 
Two lanes open at a packed Walmart with workers walking around looking for work to do...
Walmart plans to introduce in-store drones to improve customer service   CX  Customerservice
Walmart Run 😜
 DrunkBrianF My walmart has" bring your 16y/o pregnant girlfriend night "
Walmart open on h street! 
UPDATE: Sorry Wacky Walmart Wednesday will start next week, been busy ➕  i actually want the start of this series to be on a Wednesday lol.
Deals – Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice Epic Strike Batmobile Vehicle  10   Walmart or Amazon (Prime Only) 
 mktg3321 I remember seeing the Oreo O's all the time in Walmart. I never tired them before, but from what I heard,… 
My mom just tried to leave Walmart without letting me in the car then got mad I jumped on the hood
 nickportman Probably Walmart’s E3 sale :)
 wannalisabenz  mattyglesias Assholes. Walmart is the largest corporation in the world. Their sales equal .0045% of… 
up late being ratchet in Walmart  JAZMainy 
Death Stranding is  49.96   Walmart 
 FirstWorldProblem Lost in Walmart.  nimchimpskyPDP 
So if you want to meet  ThomasSanders & his friends defs go to Walmart at 12am.
Can barely keep my eyes open, but a Walmart trip is needed
I liked a  YouTube video BEST OF WALMART SPEAKER PRANKS PART 2!
I went to Walmart the other day and bought a gallon of water but I didn't finish it until today because I bought it around 5 that day
Call of Duty WWII is  49.96   Walmart 
I'm tryna cop some glow in the dark fish from Walmart
 Mike_OntheRise if you're referring to Walmart...agreed but second shift isn't so bad 🤷🏻‍♀️
 cee_iv really?????? Come on I didn't see the racist conservative woman in Walmart looking like a Barbie doll.
 bengal_coach  TheRealBookSpy You should!  Otherwise it's Amazon/Walmart/Target online
better take ya ass to walmart and get you a 2 dollar one and call it a mfn day. 
Star Wars Battlefront II (Regular) is  49.96   Walmart 
 mmpadellan It's way less than half: vote hacking and "low turnout." So really she only called out 20%, which is sp… 
 jordanbeauyo can you and  JeremyBeau play leapfrog with strangers in like target or Walmart for a video!? I think it would be funny!
No really you know how many games I've traveled far too how many assignments I've stayed up and helped with lol how many Walmart runs 😂
coindesk : Walmart presented its blockchain work at an annual investor event last week, showing 'encouraging' resu…… 
Destiny 2 is  49.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
 badgirlcin Yeah but think about it from a scammer's point of view. When it's snowing and we need to go to Walmart 💁🏾
 109.98 SHIPPED for this two seater swing 
Bitch  _ialexandriaaa remember this happened to me at Walmart 😂 
I'm weak cause I saw a girl I was fussing on here with in Walmart & that hoe thought she seen a ghost 😂😝😩
 ThomasSanders how was your Walmart trip
 DouthitKenzie Everything from Walmart is shit. Buy local and support local farms and businesses. Healthier too. Se… 
Spider-Man (PS4) is  49.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
Mattel Batman v Superman Batmobile Vehicle for  10 + pickup at Walmart 
Saw a pile of red mulch in Walmart parking lot. Thought it was blood. Wasn't surprised, just mad I hadn't heard about the murder at Walmart.
Anyone else go to walmart really really late at night because there's nothing to do and they're bored? No one? Just me? Okay that's fine
God of War (PS4) is  49.96. Price shows in cart. 
Just played The Floor Is Lava in Walmart with Dayce and got dirty looks from employees ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 jwhstress we're   walmart, unwilling to commit to that line in hahaha we should meet up tho eventually
Huffy Green Machine Mini for  19.88!  
If you don't think I just half-flirted with this geriatric lady in the wine aisle at Walmart then you don't know shit about loneliness
I feel so sus coming to Walmart by myself
Just accidentally flashed the entire Walmart parking lot lmao oops
. Walmart wrestling?  DingDing 
 onryosan There's no other job that's any better in this tiny town sadly. Walmart is literally the best job you can get here. :(
 fl0wrgal or go to target or walmart !
Walmart Greeter: "Welcome to Walmart!"

My Mom: "You too!"
I ripped my sock in Walmart who does that
Hi, I got this bruise from playing The lava game at Walmart w/  rhodes_emilee  jaifranklin trying to jump on a pole… 
 LillyMelendez8 lol I'm working at Walmart and the airport in Tampa lol
A girl stopped me in Walmart and asked for help in the arts and crafts department because she thought I looked crafty!  bestcomplimentever
We get out of the movie and what do we do? Immediately head to Walmart and buy dolls. 
  Walmart looking a mess like ew.
Join 5 people right now at "FREE Hormel REV At Walmart &  0.29 At Target"  cheers  fashion  shopping  deals…… 
Phone Not Charging Up I Refuse To Get Up & Go To Walmart Rn I'll Just Go In The Morning Before I Get To Work 😐
Fight at Walmart **wtf**: via  YouTube
I told them I just wanted to leave bc I really can't even be in public without girls screaming things out to me for walking around Walmart
Slightly scared for our AR hometown hero  walmart.  amazon + 45% discount on Prime for low income shoppers can be dangerous.  disruption
This racist shud have been escorted out  walmart. Not acceptable 
 ENTREPRENEUR  BUSINESS | Walmart Opens 24-Hour Grocery Pickup Kiosk | ♥♥ SEARCH AMAZON… 
 KristaHowington  TheOriginalTKO  Barbara80706473  Willystyle5340  Patrickesque  IvankaTrump  ChelseaClinton Trump… 
why the fuck i seen a woman who had her baby in a damn snow suit and a winter hat on today in walmart!!!
Star Wars Battlefront II Elite Trooper Edition is  79.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice Epic Strike Batmobile Vehicle  10   Walmart or Amazon (Prime Only)… 
No lie this is cute but what if this was inspired by the Walmart sign 
People be like" Bret you work at Walmart😷" money is money I'm just tryna make a few coins before I drop 🤷🏽‍♀️
Walmart is fun
lol I was in Walmart when I saw this and thought of khoa  KKandbabyJ  skhoad 
I bought an entire normal sized cake for myself because I went to Walmart an hour before iftaar. Smh
NBoeing 2K18 Switch is  49.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
 ripkenfan  JunkWaxTwins  Walmart  Topps I ranted about the same thing yesterday. I got 19 dupes in box. Terrible
 lbabinz good God Walmart is a goldmine right now o_o
Meanwhile at Walmart - 
This boy then popped up in Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️
I Jus Stole All Walmart Shit LITERALLY! 😂🤦🏾‍♀️
Gran Turismo SPORT Limited Edition is  59.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
Please enter now so we both have more chances to win  500! Fatburger + Walmart Giveaway!  covfefe  NBoeingFinals
 KillaaKy Walmart
 lucas_morgan6 of course! we modeled our handbook after our big brother Walmart👀 don't👏🏼try👏🏼me👏🏼
i still think of when i saw you at Walmart that one time and you were livinn and then didnt remember seeing me😂😂😂😂 
Real deal just went to Walmart so I could make a turkey sandwich with some Lays 😋  satisfied
coindesk: Walmart presented its blockchain work at an annual investor event last week, showing 'encouraging' results …
Stream of consciousness twitter thought of the day: fuck Walmart
 KristaHowington  TheOriginalTKO  Barbara80706473  Willystyle5340  Patrickesque  IvankaTrump  ChelseaClinton U said… 
Psychology can explain the mysterious, soothing power of IKEA and other megastores - 
Kingdom Hearts 3 is  49.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
My life is as organized as the DVD bin at walmart
 publichealth news: Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes AssociationÂ for Walmart Wellness Day 
 mikeymanfs Kicking back watching some Walmart videos Manfs and Luzzis
Took Ryan to Walmart to go for a ride 👌😊😊💙 
Line deadass always long in walmart
So I went to Walmart with my guy bestfriend & his friend I went to find a new lanyard so anyways they turned to go look at some sport stuff
 Ki_Fresh I Was In Walmart Text Me!
Cuando dicen que wdw es el Walmart de one direction 

My  TeenChoice for   ChoiceNextBigThing is  whydontwemusic 
 iamRam2333 I always buy mine at Walmart,  Mexican section ☺️
I normally purchase things from Walmart. So when I buy things in Target or Amazon to wear. I feel like I went to a Paris Fashion Week.
She was just getting a headstart on Trumpcare!!!


 kathugs there's a really good one by the albertsons that's across the street from walmart !!
Bella the soft neon lion from Walmart,
I know this bitch ain't trying me with her burnt ass orange hair go on with your brother at Walmart
 lbabinz Oh geez... and I preordered this, Splatoon 2 and ARMS through EB Games... you think Walmart may charge extra once prices adjust?
Walmart introduces self-service pickup kiosk to take on AmazonFresh via  MailOnline
this guy got a walmart glove and doesn't know how to hold a baseball 
Sorry fake news lol  realDonaldTrump  
Walmart presented its blockchain work at an annual investor event last week, showing 'encouraging' results … 
Pop it in a microwaveable mug, add 3 tbsps of water, stir and heat for 1 min & 10 seconds! VOILA!  2.50 for a pack of 4 at Walmart.
 myeucatastrophe  Ellahbie  CoralSeason8  4alarmsafeplace  rhorseranch_joy  Oooooo_Donna  Quandery  triceybb… 
This chick at Walmart was just a total asshole to me for no reason whatsoever 😂
Super Mario Odyssey is  49.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
 foxnewspolitics  brookefoxnews You need to work for Walmart
 robertjeffress  realDonaldTrump Stop China aggression,and South Korea decision to remove thaad boycott Hyundai,Kia… 
walmart fucking sucks i swear men try to talk to me every time leave me the FUCC ALONE
I'm at Walmart broom shopping right now. It's over. 
 frielryan1 I SAY THAT EVERY TIME I GO TO WALMART
Funny People Of Walmart - Pic 9 also like how walmart is mis spelled! 
 BethLynch2020  SandersIsSexy For-profit prisons that give infractions to inmates who don't work? What experience a… 
 muse is playing at  Walmart ??? Walmart has some nice music choices tonight lol. Just saw Muse Saturday so they know what's up 😂
Why is McDonald's the only place open after I close. Shits almost as bad as going to Walmart
what time walmart on brainer rd open back up
Marketer's Brief: Walmart employee delivery is a slow-go  advertising  business  news
The American dream 
Splatoon 2 is  49.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
Kinda wanna go to Walmart, kinda don't 🙄
 warriors brooms are on sale only at  Walmart 
 realtonytiger  Walmart Feed my hole Tony! 😘
 sprinkler  save  lives &  property 

Ontario, Ca | Search Results | Sprinkler Saves 
Local 
 luzzi_michael  made this out of Walmart logo, t- Shirt concept 
Ryan straight up stole a fidget spinner from Walmart
Same....except I didn't even go to Walmart.... 
Walmart bound
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice Epic Strike Batmobile Vehicle  10 + Free Store Pickup 
cant wait to eat this 24 pack of walmart sugar cookies at 1 in the morning
 wowlex_ They actually have Walmart there. No need for an equivalent 🤷🏻‍♂️
I was gone lastnight, my mama sent me to Walmart for a cabbage I came back with a lettuce 😭😂
These 5 Mexican bitches at Walmart today 🤷🏻‍♀️ 
Walmart had a power outage for about 30 minutes bitches came up
Almost got into it with these bitches at Walmart in hammond😂🤷🏽‍♀️
ARMS is  49.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
Cartoon: Wonder Woman goes to Walmart sometimes words don't work, Punchy punchy Nazi!
adage: Marketer's Brief: Walmart employee delivery is a slow-go 
Lovecraft Love Letter Conarium Out Today on PC - to the Mountains of Madness with Zoetrope Interactive's Conarium...
then why would you go to a chinese supermarket to buy chinese food (ks thats T&T) duh if u dun like this go back to… 
 iamRam2333 Usually sa walmart
Walmart reveals automated pickup kiosks to take on Amazon's grocery delivery service… 
 ovoxotwod_ Wtf? Why Walmart? Lol
 mynameisARMI  BlueAnjheyl Went to both walmart and superstore.
I had some watermelon from Walmart today & it tasted like death. I knew I should have got it from brookshires 😒
 JohnCena  Tapout  Walmart Miss you u camp 
Marketer's Brief: Walmart employee delivery is a slow-go  advertising  marketing
 prettiyanaa Yes 🙄 I work at Walmart now tho
 dez2988 Sorry to bring it up ... At least your not like me ATM and having Walmart scam you out of 20  ...
When you go into Walmart and actually come out with the one thing you went to get 💁🏻  ChiefKaitlin
When You Get Lit At Walmart - Best Dance Videos Co... 
FUCK YOU  Walmart YOU FUCKING SCAMMERS 
New Nintendo 2DS XL is  179.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart.  
So we in Walmart in the towels aisle and I randomly start twerking and winding. Boyfriend got quite upset 😂
Bro fuck that nigga kd
I saw you at Walmart yesterday. I waved but you ign... — I wasn't at a Walmart yesterday. I can't even remem... 
Walmart employee rescues baby from hot car police say 
Walmart has some sections closed off and karr said "TARGET WOULDNT DO THIS" ihh 😩
Walmart presented its blockchain work at an annual investor event last week, showing 'encouraging' results 
Walmar…
Marketer's Brief:  Walmart employee delivery is a slow-go 
 luzzi_michael for Walmart 
Hoping to get YouTube red ... But  walmart has been scamming me 
For example, I was in Walmart and I spoke to someone I knew and out of no where she turned around and said "I'm about to go be with my man"
 lbabinz arms around Walmart 49.99
I want to go to Walmart
Half of south works at the new Walmart godaangg
Walmart presented its blockchain work at an annual investor event last week, showing 'encouraging' results 
The drive alone from Kunia Walmart to the freeway, I saw three homeless people holding up signs for alms. Damn, Hawaii
15 Strangest People of Walmart - (people of walmart pics, funny people of walmart) 
WWE style in Walmart. This has got to be the most MURICA picture I'v ever seen. 
My sister be so mad when we go to Walmart I go straight to the as seen on TV section 😂😂 it all works I seen it on TV 😂😂😂😂😂
 geertwilderspvv  AnnCoulter  RealAlexJones Stop China aggression and South Korea for removing thaad boycott Hyunda… 
 Fictixn_ Making WalMart great again
BlockChannel:Walmart presented its blockchain work at an annual investor event last week, showing 'encouraging' re… 
Price Error? Far Cry 5 is  49.96   Walmart. Price shows in cart. 
These Kylie camo pieces look like if  PLUGGEDNYCSTORE did a line for Rainbows (or Walmart) 😐
presented its blockchain work at an annual investor event last week, showing 'encouraging… 
Kershaw Emerson CQC-5K 6074OLBLK Pocket Knife  14.03 w/ Walmart P/U - 
In light of the new job, I will tweet naked less often while eating Walmart potato salad.
Sterilite 3-Drawer Weave Cart (espresso) for  11.96 at Walmart - 
 callycaceres Walmart used to carry them 🙆🏻
Walmart has these cute long Wonder Woman pillows 😭😭 aaaahhh I must not!!! ...but I probably will lmao
Just seen ya girl at Walmart with another dude 😂
Gold & Silver Dualshock 4 controllers are  49.96   Walmart
Gold: Silver:… 
Found some cute ass braletts at Walmart for 7  ❤️
 bergundyturner dude i'm fine with that, i like walmart trips
I'm blaming  Walmart
 artpopmich lmao as long as he doesnt go to walmart in the south
What’s FREE At WalMart! FREEbies AND Money Makers!


Fatburger + Walmart Giveaway  join  giveaway  Cash  money  payme  needit  goodluck  Walmart  fatburger  refer  free
 Derpy_king  trekstark98 WALMART WALMART WALMART WALMA--
 haleyr22601 when you get back we taking a trip to Walmart
Going to Walmart tomorrow I gotta buy a new broom
 nycollasbt Walmart
MAN!! Never again! You talking about the one by the Walmart correct? 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️ 
Price error? Crash Bandicoot N-Sane Trilogy is  29.96   Walmart. Price shows when in cart. 
 BC  VivaHears  vivacaremedical  Walmart have your  hearing assessed.  hear ?  MedicalClinic  JackNathanHealth… 
. Walmart attempts to compete against  AmazonFresh with its own grocery pickup. 
Things gp ppl get excited for: new Walmart
 cody_condon5 I was walking out of Walmart with a 36 pack of tampons & my usual tub of rocky road ice cream & this… 
Can you imagine walking through Walmart and seeing  ThomasSanders and friends?
 Drgnkiller Just like how he pays Walmart for his authentic Italian sauce!
hopefully soon i can buy the "official" fidget cube. (though i saw some fidget cubes at walmart and i was sad i couldn't buy)
 BreitbartNews Stop China aggression and South Korea for pulling thaad ,boycott Hyundai,Kia,Samsung ,Apple Nike and Walmart
I'm about to go to Walmart at this time just to buy ice cream
Sterilite 3-Drawer Weave Cart (espresso) for  11.96 at Walmart 
Woahhh my eyes were just blessed, I now love Walmart even more than b4
 DevLaSoul I spent  50 I should have taken my ass to Walmart 😂
 obriak I just came back from Walmart u always hit me up too late
Nice cool treat on a hot day, take time 2 slow down & enjoy      WhyIPie  GotItFree  OwnTheOccasion  Walmart  EdwardDesserts
Really finna hit up Walmart this late just to buy some cookies.. unless someone wanna bring me some
nigga since when walmart not 24 hours
 AmyBailey1970 Refer to my Taco Bell Walmart tweet ;)
 luzzi_michael I'm on stream cantou give me a dare on here for my Walmart vid and check out my channel JustMagicVids
 Mariska  LiveSimplyDee Wow!!! When you finally have something in common with the Queen...I use that conditioner also...(Walmart  26.00)
Embarrassing my Girlfriend at Walmart: via  YouTube
Has a tail… (  Walmart Supercenter in Devine, TX) 
How bad are drivers in FL? Well, this one defied a flood warning to buy some socks at closed Walmart 🌊🚙⚓️ 
the 98¢ flip flops from walmart. 
Aye shout out to  Walmart for the free boxes to help me move. U guys the real MVP 👏🏼 
Still gotta do my hair,my moms hair, pack me and audreys clothes, and go to Walmart. Yet I'm laying in bed like Ian got shit to do
Look: Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it… 
PSA: Walmart got canoes on sale
Someone please go with me to Walmart to get ice cream 😭
felt an itch in my nostril after walking thru a spider web at walmart and i blow my nose to see a fucking spider!! 😷😡
 Walmart you must clarify if this is your loss prevention team or how you're​ addressing this issue.  Johnstown  Kidnapping  childSafety
 gicarlier I guess someone stole  1.5 rag from Walmart ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ struggle must be real
 seanhannity Stop China aggression and South Korea for pulling thaad,boycott Hyundai,Kia ,Samsung ,Apple ,Nike,Walmart
Live Better -  ad
 RickyVaughnX2 Im sure shes just a normal black and is very lazy, probably getting ready for her trip to walmart
That new Gp Walmart better have 95% off everything! That hoe stupid packed
Walmart store 2515 is horrible stay away racist employees  Walmart
No, we ALL lost. Get a brain. They're handing them out tomorrow at Walmart. 
The sick companies running CIA Addiction Fraud when you need something from them you've been X
Walgreens 
Riteaid 
CVS 
Target
Walmart
I'm upset I drove to Walmart and they didn't have blackberries.
Ed: doing something completely normal, like shopping   walmart 
Me: 💕😫 
 _Zadreaunn Target, Amazon or Walmart if you google it a lot of different places pop up. I been using it and I'm 34… 
eager to talk about a little show I've fallen in love w/on DVD. Kingdom is available exclusively   Walmart until Au… 
♦≥ Walmart trials grocery collection kiosks Be Inspired! 
HANNAH JUS BROKE THE DOOR AT WALMART😭😭😭
 imdiakari Get it gurl. Live yo live. Get that cobbler. If it's a WalMart, that Patti Peach Cobbler is bbboommbbb.
 Walmart the fuck is this? I just bought it and gets cancelled right fucking away? 
 RealSkipBayless  RyanTownslayer  SPaulSullivan7 I went to Walmart to buy a broom but they are sold out thanks a alot Cavs 🏀
fighting the urge to go to Walmart rn
Don't order it from amazon, Walmart, eBay, etc... Professional products are only guaranteed when sold directly from a salon or distributor
Update: Walmart watermelon taste like ice cardboard sugar.
 papasmoky We're sorry for the long wait time. Please reach out to us at so we can look into this. -Amber
You're at Walmart too bitch -my mom 😟
You're at Walmart too bitch -my mom 😇
S/o to the random car that told us to "pull up to Walmart at southlands"
Omg y'all,you know thoes headphones at Walmart that are always playing music .omg dirty work was playing I got turnt  AustinMahone
Me when my mom slaps tf outta me in walmart. 
 pahpasquat Walmart got disposable fujis
 slimmfiguree Yeppppppopl If yall wanna  grocery shop come we're I'm at no walmart needed😂😂😂😂😂
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Haul June 6th 2017
You still wanna go to Walmart ??  arii_janelle lol
 rushlimbaugh Stop China aggression,South Korea for removing thaad,boycott Hyundai ,Kia, Samsung ,Apple,Nike ,and W… 
Tesla entered the league this year ranking 383. It won't take long to overtake Walmart which is at No.1 ... 🤓 
walmart candles are better than bath and body works candles. don't   me
Want to prank call Walmart so bad right now
People also don't realize, once you get passed Sheetz on Mahoning going towards Walmart, it's a 45 mzone 
I just entered the  leekumkeeusa sweepstakes to win a  25 Walmart gift card! 
 RooChanel okay. thank you for shopping at walmart! 🙂
Walmart greeter  VillainBackupJobs 
Amazon Fights Wal-Mart for Low-Income Shoppers 
Hey guys. I went to Walmart self check out and paid for all of my items. Y'all should be proud of me.
yall bum ass bitches get drunk everyday off of stolen Walmart booze bc you cant afford weed lol. I don't wanna hear… 
She bought pliers at Walmart and pulled her sona s teeth out in pieces in the bathroom, police say  dentist dental
I swear I stay at Walmart 🙄
 ZacharyMuehl Come to Walmart hoe
Guess who the fuck just "happened" to "pop up" at the mcdonalds at walmart TODAY of all days like a "coincidence"
Walmart 2 Walmart would be fine 
 AvgAndy  HyVee Ugh. I hate Walmart. Hate hate. Use aisles online. They'll shop for you and you can pick up.
 CoffinGrounds We're sorry for the trouble! Please reach out to us at so we can look into this issue. -Amber
 diabetes Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes AssociationÂ for Walmart Wellness Day 
how is sobeys 24hrs but walmart isnt
Pretty sure two people are about to have sex in the Walmart bathroom.
 ajplus umm wtf is this woman doing at a chinese market first of all how about she go back to her walmart or costco instead
And you know how there is always a mcdonalds at walmart stores right? ok check this out so i'm minding my own business right guess who i see
 kevllS At 12pm... I heard  Walmart got brooms for sale 💯 FirstStopWallyWorld
 Beard_KW how long you been working at walmart?
Wilson Men's Harmonized SG Wedge 52  29.99  Walmart 
 Santi_Solano7  Corella2Paul Lebron is a walmart ass nigga
 ZacharyMuehl Bandwagon ass😂😂😂😂 meet me at Walmart
 carriecoon  ClemVegas37  ClemVegas37 don't you think if even Exxon Mobile, GE, & WalMart think climate change is real, it probably is
 rushlimbaugh Stop China aggression and South Korea for removing thaad .boycott Hyundai ,Kia, Samsung,Apple ,Nike,Walmart
 LEVlATHAN TTTTHIS. IF I COLORED MY HAIR AGAIN I WOULD LOOK EXACTLY LIKE A WALMART VERSION OF YOU
Can I just be retired and be a walmart greeter?
 bamxxtenorio Par cavs are the walmart version of GS 😂
4 Reasons To Love Walmart Family Mobile  cbias  blog  blogging  technology
rlly concerned ab how walmart is organized... why are the rice cakes in the flour aisle?
I couldn't ignore them and drive away, so, of course I did the most and went to Walmart to buy them food too..
walmart run to raid the 5 dollar movie bin and grab a jug of chocolate milk... im fuckin wild...
Scotch Expressions Tape Just  0.63 At Walmart!


This is alarming. 🍌🍌  HIV positive? 
Some of yall calling for Lebrons head & more effort are the same ppl who fight and complain about parking four spots further away at Walmart
Fatburger + Walmart Giveaway! Lets help each other win! Who couldn't use an extra  500 to walmart!   GoodLuck
I can walk into Walmart and get one right now.. 
 TheFloorIsLava Walmart Edition 
Was forced to step foot into Walmart tonight and I remembered why I hate it so hard. The vibe is like... sadness and poverty had a baby.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lincoln, NE 
 shanirraa Yess walking from walmart
I saw Gus's twin rn at Walmart 
How does this happen? 1 blister box from  Walmart of  Topps  Archives I would think collalation would be better wit… 
because getting drunk at walmart is a thing kids
y'all marc fr so mad he punched a wall and left. i thought he was outside cooling off or something, i check his location & HES AT WALMART 💀💀
lol would it be dangerous to walk to walmart in the middle of the night to get ingredients to make a cake to cure sadness? asking 4 a friend
Why is it impossible for me to walk out of Walmart without at least 50 bucks worth of random stuff I didn't need???
 _bossti 😂😂😂😂walmart fun 🤷🏽‍♀️
Today I got out of my car at Walmart and a man walking by looked at me and said, "Awe are you just learning to driv… 
 luzzi_michael Did u apply for a job at Walmart yet?
I love Walmart dates 😍
So we ran away from Laura at Walmart and sent her hints. 
walmart wifi boominnnnnnnn
Girl right her soon as I walk in he ask to go Walmart like no you get a toy every damn day play with it once then put it in the bucket
Y'all my momma almost fought a girl w Aspergers bc she tried punkin her ass out in the Walmart check out line 😩
 luzzi_michael I like what do in Walmart egg   Brack shit 
 SliceReal  ZoneTheGod I'm really pissed because I just got deranked so can you please help me my GT is abvl
I liked a  YouTube video 3 True Creepy Walmart Stories
Woman accused of pulling son's teeth with pliers in Walmart bathroom via  WPXI
 1IronMan2017  CaptainsLog2017 Yeah, real suffering, can tell by salon styled hair and clothes not from Walmart
 EricTS_ Walmart
Hundreds of  Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished for Taking Sick Days - VICE you need  unions  
 luzzi_michael Yell oh yes daddy in Walmart or go on the intercom and say it
Worst time to get things you need at Walmart is.....now. Damn.  sanmarcostx
WHAT IS WALMART PLANNING? ... FOR THIS SUMMER? (LOCATIONS) Facebook block me here 
the only times me and emily have facetimed was when i was in a walmart parking lot and right before i got grounded
a dude just gave me his   in the walmart parking lot & wrote his name as "big chad" 😩 thats the most tennessee thing that could happen to me
Went to Walmart for 2 things ( journal and hot cheetos ) came back with more stuff other than the hot cheetos guess who's gonna gts sad
honestly beyond sick of coming in walmart.
 RNordhues Or when you see a child running in Walmart and feel the need to tell them to walk
..she look like she sell xfinity in Walmart 💀 ( King_Kaia) 
So trippy that there's a Walmart right next to my house now
 Walmart do you make it a point to send people the wrong items and then forward them to the menu until you close.
I liked a  YouTube video  20 WALMART LONG BOARDS ARE AMAZING!!!
I Need 4 People To Come To Walmart With Me And Do The  ibetyouwont challenge   Teams ‼️‼️
WalMart: Celebrate Dad with Best-Selling Grills at Celebrate…  deals  coupons
Imagine meeting  ThomasSanders in WalMart while he's messing around on his Snapchat with friends. What a random but possible thing right now
Really about to drive to Walmart for tea and not wine for once
remember when they boohoo'd bc someone did a gucci vs walmart tweet with jimin & bambam
KD looks like a black slender man with screen door lookin hair. Walmart offset head ass. Tell me why this man KD looks like a bendy straw.
en walmart
 guy_canadian  Applelaw1Sandra  figmentmented  frumoasajoyce How to solve Middle East prob.  1. Carpet bomb the pla… 
 JasonDonnaH I'm going to vote for this:  
It's good too got mines from Walmart 😝😝😝😝😝😝😝 
 prettigyrl19 Oxy. It's   walmart. Nothing fancy.
Running around Walmart with Matty ice 😂
 Walmart and  Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The  American Middle Class Is Dying - 
i made my uber driver take me to walmart to get gardein "chicken" nuggets
wish i had someone to go do a walmart trip with me😢
Yes spread your sickness to everyone. 
Shutup !!! 😂😂 Walmart stingy with your hours find a new job already let me go apply for Walmart so I can show you h… 
 meijer Shopping at  Walmart from now on
luv seeing all the ratchetness that goes on when I go to Walmart
"you can't jerk off into the fish tank at walmart"

why not

"🤔"
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice Epic Strike Batmobile Vehicle  10   Walmart or Amazon (Prime Only) 
 Walmart was so helpless when it came to answering my questions. Never shopping there again
Walmart x twin peaks

"Sometimes, my prices roll back"
 Sola5Girl  HyVee Rarely convenient for me since I moved out of Golden Valley. Lately I shop at Walmart more than I ever thought I would.
I better not pay  200 for no ligh bulb mirror , I'll buy a  5 mirror from Walmart & put some fucking Christmas lights on that shit
Deals – Walmart Samsung Radiant360 R1 WiFi Bluetooth Speaker, 3.6" Woofer, Dark Grey  40 
 macceyyy Go to Walmart then end up at cook out or sheetz
I'm about to go to Walmart and slide anybody wearing Warriors colors
good pooping night i fuck girls in the house and then i being silly at walmart love u all friends
 TTLYTEALA look what I found in Walmart☺️ 
Cashier at Walmart: "congratulations on the pregnancy!" 
Me: "Thanks, you too!!" 🙃🙃🙃 ihatemyself
 Walmart Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association® for Walmart Wellness Day... - 
 ActuallyBipolar  Walmart I went to  Target 😤
Discount Furniture Walmart Living Room Rugs 
I'd much rather lose Walmart, but I'm being realistic here. This Kmart is alright, it's just that the region can't support all 3
 Jeffrey_Jue  Walmart how dare
I'm bout to run to Walmart and get a bunch of dessert and eat it by myself bc I'm here all alone :(
 marcusandrews99  ChrisRoell_  getnickwright  MattMswan14 okay I'll talk business with you, that's like econo trying to compete with walmart
 MyWorstSummerJob Walmart Pharmacy, age17. Would hide if I saw guys I knew buying ointments, condoms, etc then pop up to ring them up!
No offense as the local Kmart is actually pretty good, but it's only because I hate going to Walmart that much
 AmericanAir crew member arrested over videos filmed thru men/boys bathroom peep hole  WalMart
 PedoGate  PizzaGate

I liked a  YouTube video AFFORDABLE Statement Necklaces/Bracelets HAUL| Walmart|It's Fashion|NY&Co
A Juggalo at Walmart just tried to fake me out. I'm officially ready to leave Kentucky.
 walmart 16 reasons I'm scared to go!  
 lauferlaw He looks familiar. Is he the guy who dispenses legal advice in the back of Walmart? I think it was 20% o… 
Bought a new seamless dew rag from Walmart, open up the pack and the dew rang is no where to be seen. I'm so pissed!!!😡
 Walmart:

Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association:


 sorryNotSorry when your boss is so boss that Walmart hates on her.  BannedAndHappy  AttaGirl  HaterGonHate… 
That new Walmart commercial with all the black people is really like that ❤️
Nigga can do grime shit but can't invest into sporting waves, a durag at Walmart 1.99  KDTrey5
Ayyyee everyone go to Walmart and buy a broom there on sale , courtesy to the cavs 😂😏
The workers of Walmart at store 2515 will be the death of their own store ;they forget the serve others.  walmartvaluesuck Walmart
Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes AssociationÂ for Walmart Wellness Day 
 AshleyMMendez_ Walmart
 ActuallyBipolar  Walmart DAMN IT WALMART
To go to Walmart or not to go to Walmart that is the question
😑 all this sleeping today, now everything's closed except mcds and Walmart .. welp 🚘  starved .. what'd you cook  supergirlstorm
 Walmart lookin 4 204 boxes of dunkin donuts 4 sale.
Walmart hires racists bigots at store 2515 in Phoenix az on Thomas rd and 36th . Nice going Walmart awesome values Walmart
well seems like a wire broke in the headphone cord. At least all i can think of for reasons why haha. Now for a trek to walmart lol
What do you buy at Walmart at 10:50pm?? No idea why I needed soap... 
Walmart Mattress Supplier From China Opens First American Factory In La Vergne 
Deals – Wilson Men’s Harmonized SG Wedge 52, Right-Handed  29.99 + fs  walmart.com 
Watching  ThomasSanders with his friends at Walmart is actually very entertaining
youngmin 
- rides bikes down the aisle 
- looks at walmart clothes intriguingly 
- doesn't buy anything 
 rieclara62 I remember that we were at the turn in soco by Walmart and she's like "no Clara those aren't the words… 
Apparently buying a Hyundai is like shopping at Walmart 😂
😩 Can You Go To Walmart For Me .... 
Amazon vs. Walmart.. 
 FIGHTCLVBMUSIC Lmfao that manager at walmart was weirded the fuck out 😂 thought he was gana get robbed and shit
aka the "music section at walmart" system of categorization
I'm finna knocking down everything Walmart butt ass naked. Fuck it 
 ThePaulOrndorff  Julianh1111  OprahSideNigga With no kyrie or kevin love tho. It was pretty much lebron and some people from walmart
 tokkan oh how interesting! I did a very brief stint at Walmart as a 2nd job once. It was interesting. How was Target??
When I don't have anywhere to be I move slow af... I was planning on going to Walmart at 5, and here I am in the parking lot on twitter at 9
I just saw a herm in Walmart 😂😂😂
*goes to Walmart to shop for brooms*
TOP 5 COMPANIES  Fortune500  2017 

1 - Walmart
2 - Berkshire Hathaway
3 - Apple
4 - Exxon Mobil
5 - McKesson 
*walmart 
SOMEONE AT WALMART ASKED MY FRIEND TO BE HER FWB AND HE GOT SO SCARED 💀😂😂😂
 _RealCarl what you gone do at the Walmart 😂😭
I wanna quit Walmart so bad
 nick_drexler just told me he went to walmart to buy underwear cause he didn't want to wash any.. if that's not adulting then idk what is
I've been to walmart like 4 times within the last 48 hours
Breanna hiding at Walmart. 
Come Check Out What Is Going On In My Life At… 
I can't even lie I gotta go to Walmart after that game 😂😂😂 kyrie got me wanting to go do some wild shit after that wild ass shot
Enter to win  500 from Fatburger + Walmart Giveaway! 
 KDTrey5 I think Walmart got brooms on sale
Walmart: Sterilite 3 Drawer Weave Cart (Espresso) Only  11.96! Plus FREE In-Store Pick Up! -… 
 Jeffrey_Jue  Walmart Because they're Wal-Mart.
 MyWorstSummerJob was folding little girl clothes & putting underwear and socks back on racks   Walmart...I looked like a 16 yr old perv
V IMPORTANT PSA-- oreo-o's return to Walmart on June 23. ITS BEEN 10 YEARS
Only wear shoes specifically for walking / running!! Nike, New Balance, any walking/running shoe rly even Walmart r… 
In the alcohol section at walmart and some random kid asked me to buy him alcohol and I said "I ain't even 21 yet, I'm just looking"
you still talking 🤦🏾‍♂️ boy go to walmart and buy some diapers and wipes cuz you really 💩 
 Walmart What are these black marks on your  greatvalue paper plates??? It's on most of the plates, on top & undern… 
Everybody and they mommas at Walmart
 Aloha_Leah17 Walmart Bonney Lake
 LittleLantz  xoxo_c0urtney Ew. Should of been like this ain't Walmart bitch gtfo😂😂
Forgot to take my name tag off after work ,walked into Walmart, this little girl was reading my name tag, and she immediately
How in the hell did I go on Walmart & spend  250 🤦🏾‍♀️
15 Things You Should Never Buy at Walmart 
walmart actually makes me want to kill myself
 ShannonSharpe Walmart just announced "sale on brooms!"  SWEEP
 Jeffrey_Jue  Walmart SO TRUE THO
 MoneyMikeNM Ill be on in 20, running to walmart real quick
KD iced Lebron like a Walmart sheet cake
 sraymonds Sheeeit! Walmart?
Friday evening I have to do my shopping at Jonesville Walmart 🙃 can I die now?
like all I wanted was one bottle for a charcoal facemask but I guess slime is more important bc HEB, BROOKESHIRE'S & WALMART WAS OUT!!!
Walmart should really stay open for the people who don't get off work till after 10 🙄😒
 MoralesAlex97 Aight, but go find a job where I can get a discount👌 Like Walmart
"I have a social life. I took myself out on a Walmart and ice cream date tonight." -me telling my mom that I am social
Walmart Counterfeit Problem.. Related Articles: 
Like go to the Canadian equivalent of Walmart, Sharon
16 People Who Show Us That Walmart Is Another World Entirely 
I liked a  YouTube video 3 True Creepy Walmart Stories (Vol. 2)
 Walmart WHY DONT YOU CARRY PIZZA GOLDFISH?!
i stay cashin out at walmart on bs 💔
 VillainBackupJobs Darth Vader Greeter at Walmart.
 Kyraaa_mariee 😂😂 look how you do ! I mean you can just Walmart it to me! 🙏🏾
Baby found ‘shaking’ in car at Upstate Walmart, caution urged for parents  scnews  sctweets 
Pushing my cart through Walmart aisle humming these good ol negro spirituals.....☺️😹
 judbell43  RBJRON  foster_ro  smh The low wage system in action  auspol 
HOLY SHIT.. What is this curse? Its like a plague of UGLINESS chemtrailing my sky and following me all around walmart... oh god save me
i just saw someone go into the walmart bathroom with a bike... at midnight
to finish my wine tour in California, I am drinking a bottle of pinot noir from walmart in a rental car parking lot
Tell  Walmart CEO Doug McMillon: Families deserve paid leave! Sign here:  workersrights  WalmartWomen  OURWalmart
 yoPeedro Ppl are literally posting pictures up like they ain't ever been or seen a gah damn Walmart 😂😂
Retweeted Melieke M.K Brown ( MeliekeBrown1):

When you park in the back of Walmart because you can't drive and... 
 yung_shawtyy yes! you can buy them at walmart in the freezer section "Alexia sweet potato puffs" they're like lil tater tots, so good!
Everybody go to Walmart and get ya brooms and get the cavs off the court lol
 DestiineeC  ssizzle_ Them: chilling w bae
Me: Bih stop lying , me and u walking in Walmart💀
 rzimmmm bruh u really hate Walmart
chanel vs Walmart 
I have never been to the King Walmart without seeing at least one person I know
*calls mom to ask where something is at walmart while I stand in walmart fully capable of asking an employee* 
 DeezzyTrill Bro I need one too I gotta go to Walmart
Walmart has a sale on Brooms if yall wanna make a purchase.
 stephendaspit  Walmart  amazon Great  diversification for  Walmart but how will they compensate employees?  ECU4842
 APA Problems: Wild West horse & stagecoach dentistry  Walmart
Baby left in car at Walmart, dispatchers say 
Walmart shoppin with my lil man today 😂 
Brooms on sale at Walmart 50% Off
 THOTSCORNER Niggas said that bout tonight man I'm going to Walmart rn to buy a broom yahemi
gucci vs walmart 
Cavs fold up like a cheap Walmart table  gagged  cantclosethedeal
Oops! Just realized I didn't get my bags complete after grocery shopping at Walmart.

I'm sure next shopper in line would've got them.😂😂😂
Lol the closest Walmart is an hour away 🙃
 igorvolsky  AltNMFS I prefer Coke over Pepsi, have skipped  Walmart for years, and recently dropped  Uber (CEO is… 
 aafrioni98 Hey we hear ya! Thanks for sharing your excitement. -Inge
the walmart workers are about as happy about the remodel as everyone else
Walmart has employees deliver packages on their way home from work Via  headlineswiki.com
I LITERALLY WOKE UP LUPE JUST SO THAT HE CAN GO TO WALMART WITH ME LMAOOOO
 DonnaVitale4  KaosOnline  nickcarter I went to Walmart to ask if they had  Dead7 and they didn't! Made me sad.
Shooting your shot at Walmart is kinda weird in my It's just me 
Why do little bitches insist on coming to Walmart and throwing stuff in the floor? GO HOME.🙄
Katie and I are at Walmart right now. I'm wearing  juicycouture track pants and she's spinning her fidget spinner. Can we be more iconic?
At the local Walmart. I'm in  packers heaven. It's hard to find this is California. So had to stock up 💚💛💚💛 
 MoeSimmons18 WHERE YO TEAM AT HOMIE!? ABOUT TO GO TO WALMART AND PICK UP MY BROOM!!!!!! 
Hell yea Grocery shopping tomorrow time for me to run from one side of Walmart to the other while my feet embrace death :D
Some lady in front of me at Walmart dropped a 2 litter of soda, the thing shot off and now I have cherry cola all down my legs. 🙃
 literalbri Bri y'all better get your shit together in there cause Walmart is where I'm supposed to feel at home b not lost
 Rondonpearlgawd I think WalMart has brooms on sale  DKiSSisDAish
Dear chemtrail illuminati people.. Please DO NOT EVER AGAIN surround me at walmart with the UGLIEST humans u summon from other planets
I want ice cream and french fries and tea and a sandwich and cookies and asparagus and a turkey leg and Walmart rot… 
"Thanks For Shopping At Walmart" 🤘🏾 
When WWE meets Walmart...no words 
naked chick walmart 
Walmart got brooms for like 4.99 tbh
Walmart most have thought I was coming in on Liam birthday 🤣😴 got Liam messed up
somebody go to walmart wif me
Last time I went to Walmart after hrs, I almost got into a whole brawl 😂😂 not tonight I just want some groceries 🤗😈
Walmart got em 
did i just spend  7 on a tiny walmart rainbow flag pin for my vest just to piss off homophobe customers, yeah
Entering Walmart is like entering an alternate universe. A really bad one!
 DonnaVitale4  nickcarter I think Walmart had it. I remember seeing some fans buy it there. I bought my copy on Amazon though.
Walmart: This was our ‘ah ha’ moment on climate change 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
Didn't know a Walmart opening in Grand Prairie would make such a commotion on FB 🙄😂
Finna stop by Walmart & get me a CAVS size broom & dust pan😂😂😂😭
 PrepperTalk  SHTF  Preppers  PrepperNation Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Cla... 
For get about going to Walmart just show up
I am happy I can go to Walmart now 🙃
Such a wonderful evening!! 
I took a wonderful nap
Had a terrible dream about my groceries being stolen at Walmart lol but i replaced em.
Also I'm finna say it... Those 50¢ pecan pies at Walmart are worth everything I live for. I would trade my best friend for one
Me gustó un video de  YouTube How Well Can You Dress From Walmart? (You Won't Believe it!!!)
We on the way to Walmart for the brooms right now
When you spot the fidget spinners in Walmart! 😂😂😂  FallonTonight 

Wait, Walmart has fidget spinners?!? I'll be rig… 
 walmart BalanceFrom All-Purpose Yoga Mat w&sol; Carrying Strap: 12.10 + Free Store Pickup +  cashback… 
 DEVILSHOLIC Lmfao i paid  10 the day it came out at the movies near Walmart
i just realized i'm out at walmart
Ran into a crazy bitch at Walmart. Swear to God if she tries anything, she'll regret it 😡🔪
 sloughingbrains wtf your walmart has an ARCADE
Selfie with the Walmart worker who followed me around because she thought I was stealing yarn🤡 
the weirdos are out at walmart rn
Walmart had better be ready because I'll be there BEFORE midnight when  WonderWoman comes out on blu-ray!
Do not purchase  MyStraightTalk add-ons from  Walmart. Neither company will make it good if you happen to purchase the wrong card!
There's something about ' Muzak . . .  I  actually like  ShawInfo 's 'muzak' while waiting on the phone.  I also li… 
Socks are a top needed item! Please help me with socks!?... 
When the Dean is in front of you in line at Walmart 👀
Crayola 3-in-1 Double Easel for  22 + pickup at Walmart - 
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings has a favorite way of explaining competition with Amazon, but there's a problem with it… 
“What can Udo2 help homeless? We have provided Walmart Wishlist items that we carry 2homeless. Ucan help by... 
Just saw a couple slow dancing in the baby aisle at Walmart. It was awkward and sweet in equal measure. 
I have the next 2 days off from work. See you Saturday  Walmart
Need to go to Walmart 😩
If I didn't already feel young compared to my friends, I was just carded at Walmart to buy spray paint. 🙃
Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it - 
I was walking to my car outside Walmart and some dude I didn't notice and couldn't see was like "can't wave or say hi, Hector? Alright"
 ActivistPost  JPPolitix  iUpYours  TulsiGabbard Your premise is that some people deserve to live in poverty becaus… 
 MartinOrtiz38  ohtruckthat  TruckersWheel  PlanetJenny411  HarborHose  BigRigTeeDecals  laurajean313  JobsInTrucks… 
Just met  Richmondchamp at Walmart... No biggie 
Here's to those times you hear somebody is dead and yet you see them in WalMart years later! Really?!  RIPnot
 LilHurc Yeah I bought this cep from Walmart along time ago, need to buy a new one. 
justin 
- doesn't go to walmart 
- rich af 
Walmart 😂 
Almost forgot but happy birthday mama k thank ya for taking me to Walmart when I needed food hope ya had a good day!  Kasey_Watkins7
 Kinze1230 awhh there is nothing wrong with walmart clothes!
 saraterror Fuck, right? If I got to Sam's, i gotta go in knowing my feet are gonna be hurting and my ears ringing. Walmart is the same.
"Remember when coming to Walmart this late was cool? Now it just means I've lost control of my life" -me
If I get inside to buy Beauty & the beast and Walmart doesn't have it imma be pissed 👏👌
Grocery Vending Machines - Walmart Has Implimented a Giant Grocery-Dispensing Self-Serve Kiosk (TrendHunte…… 
Mainstays Bristol Springs 10-Piece Dining Set -  399.00: Walmart offers Mainstays Bristol Springs 10-Piece Dining… 
 barbaradrake  RadioFreeTom Do you get a tuition reimbursement of 10s to 100s of thousands of dollars at Walmart?
Walmart over here trying to cash in on 13 Reasons 
 koebel_01 you ought to see the Walmart down here in mboro by I24. Cops are making a lot of arrests
 justkenya17__ 😛 Walmart
"They didn’t come out in one whole piece. There were multiple pieces." No wonder the kid was screaming! 
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying |  altnews  survival  shtf
calling your name out over the intercom at 9:18pm in a walmart like 
Walmart has a really card section....in case you need 1
Back in damn Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️
I liked a  YouTube video TOY HUNTING  WALMART, GAMESTOP AND TARGET. PLUS, PICKED WINNER FOR FUNKO GIVEAWAY...
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying  fakenews 
the south park episode where they get a walmart is literally ridgecrest when we got a super walmart 😂😂😂
New Post: Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying 
 agentbarnacle walmart!!
late night adventures through Walmart, McDonald's, Chick-fil-A and target ❣️ 
when my friends from nebraska ask me what's there to do in california and how the parties are here.. well i go to walmart for fun so wtf lol
 RadioFreeTom Disagree. TAs work for mouse's wages, often payment delayed 6 weeks. You do better working at Walmart.
Wish Christian still lived behind Walmart 🤦🏾‍♂️
Went to Walmart and in the first ten seconds of being there I saw a dog trying to poop in the middle of the aisle.
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying  propornot… 
 lolxleanne Y'all can back road at least what u want me to go to Walmart for fun 🤔
We're like Channel vs. Walmart but it's okay.  EXOLSelcaDay 
 walmarthelp It's fine and small enough to not bring back, but the fact that this was the second time is enough to… 
 MyStraightTalk and  Walmart have a scam going where they can take your money for goods or services and not provide goods or services.
 ambcortez We care about our live fish & we’d like to hear more. Please share at -Inge
 Ton_Ton_76 Awh! Yeah I saw Caleb & Chloe earlier at Walmart. She's beautiful & I'm proud of Caleb.
Hey  pepsico  walmart  GM  IBM  jpmorgan it’s time to break up w/ Trump This is getting embarrassing  parisagreement 
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying  preppers  prepping  survival
 jodee_elizabeth Most fun I've ever had at Walmart 😂  jodee_elizabeth
Walmart tests a giant self-serve kiosk that dispenses groceries 
 Alkimist777  WSJ You obviously don't own stocks which are sailing. Are you a greeter at Walmart?
 Elias_587  Beer30Tx 12:00 AM Walmart Parkin lot
Oh the things you find at Walmart 
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Thanks for the chance  WalmartWednesday  giveaway  win
I saw this 🔥 ass onesie in Walmart earlier this week it was blue 
The guy at Walmart - across from NRO -  - noticed my CIA lapel pin and mentioned that his favorite band was... 
How to shop for cute clothes at Walmart
 Retale app says "It looks like you are going to  Walmart! Want to see some great deals?" Why of course I do!!  SavingMoney
 EdOfOz  HoracioMelvin gawd.. he would fit right in at my walmart. 😂😂😂
 cutasterfee Getting some bad reviews. Leaks at seams. 
Late night pillow fights in Walmart parking lot because why not?
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American Middle Class Is Dying  Preppers  SHTF  TCOT
Lost  TylerrrMarie96 in walmart tonight so she texted me saying "i cant find you mom" and called me 😂
 Wickedly_Witchy I've seen them at Walmart. I don't have time for all that. LOL
Made a mistake by bringing a Bosnian mom to Walmart, I asked her to come with me to get a few things and she brings a whole cart for herself
Last minute shopping (at  Walmart in Torrance, CA) 
My grandpa asked if I wanted to go to Wally World,I of course said yes thinking it was an amusement park, so upset… 
walmart is my hell
 GwendolynnMurph This kid went to school with me and asked her abt me when she ran into him   Walmart so now she's… 
Walmart scares me after about 9pm😅
annoying ass people walking around Walmart and yelling penis like stfu u shrimp ass head
 TwitterMoments I'm more worried about what pool to get than "COMEY" because there is no "THERE, THERE" ;) 
 Walmart to Track Delivery  Drones With  Blockchain, Soon To Accept Bitcoin? - 
Stop LARPing in the Walmart parking lot
 Annette00159182 Really??! The last commercial I saw was Walmart I think with JTWYA
Walmart and Amazon Know the Terrible Truth: The American ... - 
 earthsfinal321… 
Are people fat because they use the wheelchairs at Walmart? Or do they use the wheelchairs because they are fat?
you may have UoA pride but do you have UoA pride like the guy with the wildcat tattoo on his face that i just saw in walmart
 evlchick6  Walmart Yes! Happy Chocolate day! 
 jacktherisner Nice. Where did you get it? WalMart?
You know what if the Cavaliers score more points than the Warriors they are winning
I have my lifeproof case and its pink and I do like it but I went to Walmart and I saw more colors and I really like them ☹️
 _6ossman U must gon Walmart to Walmart the money🤔?
There's a guy at this Walmart with backpack speakers playing the same sound track you hear at cons. I can't handle this.
Aerosmith's "Dream On" used in a Walmart commercial.  sad
 MyStraightTalk I purchased 1G Data from  Walmart online. Apparently the Data cannot be used as an add-on to a cell phone. Walmart will...
 TrentMcDaniel  TrentMcDaniel you look like the walmart version of ed sheeran. Don't   me
She bought pliers at Walmart and pulled her son’s teeth out in pieces in the bathroom, police say 
 pops60okc Can't be mad at Walmart, the consistently do whatever for the love of money. They dgaf
O-to-O. Turn 180% and it becomes Offline-To-Online. Works both ways.


 VivaHears  vivacaremedical  Walmart have your  hearing assessed. How you  hear ?  MedicalClinic  JackNathanHealth… 
Mother Pulls Out Her Son’s Teeth Inside Of A Walmart Bathroom  HollywoodUnlocked
 Ethanmac11111 Fucking Walmart dude
 C_James9  1,000 from walmart....ehhhh...now if it was  1,000 from Dollar Tree?? That's impressive....
 SeanRiceaz  autozone I think I'm gonna end up forced to do walmart - it's the only thing open before 7:30 tomorrow
 jaketapper CNNis so pathetic that I am not going to waste a degenerative tweet on them. Journalists lossers! need… 
 KatG_143 I bought it at Walmart and just grilled it and it tasted so good! You need to try it
There's something really ironic about a shiny plastic Buddha piggy bank from Walmart
Yet again here I am wandering Walmart. Looking at everything until I forget what I actually came for. 😑
I swear it always sounds like someone is getting killed in a Walmart parking lot 😂
I love playing lava at Walmart.😂😂
Swear my dogs favorite thing to do is go to walmart to get snacks lol
 chrsto198  AdoreMe  Walmart I was sooo excited!! Everything is sooo cute! 🙈
 luzzi_michael Walmart or target?
Imma use these shoes to be in my house and do a quick Walmart run they ugly but comfy 🤷🏼‍♀️
 huntgathergrow Another couple generations and they’ll be living on the land again, sans Walmart.
 aafrioni98  AdoreMe  Walmart dude this store was advertised on the signs on the tops of the taxis in chicago
 cheap_angler Walmart spinner/buzz baits  1.  Pre rigged swimbaits usually  3-4 for a 3 pack.  BPS popper  2-3.
Walmart Boondocking report Fairbanks Alaska June 6th 2017 via  YouTube
Walmart Soft Plush 10" Caramel Brown Monkey with Red Bow - Stuffed Toy Animal 
 Gifts  Cards Walmart Gift Card  50 value Blue  Coupon  BuyItNow 
Seriously? At least y'all got a Walmart and a chicken express... all Nevada has is a Dollar General 
Brodus Clay defeats Vader via the 5 Knuckle Shuffle in a Kennel from Hell Match at Walmart
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 6/30/2017 
So i went to walmart for sum shit and i was walking and then i hit my pinky toe on the side of a cart wheel...
Just kidding I found him in Walmart with his mama all is safe
Shit u not Walmart has banned cashiers from have fidget spinners omg
 DrunkBrianF Rude! Actually, funny as heck. Husband and I just don't go to Walmart. You must have been desperate for something.
 JoeSantagato Here's a story for your next Walmart video. 
 oldbdan The same people who leave carts one foot from the cart return at Walmart.  Anarchists
TARGET IS THE LIBERAL WALMART.
 kimbermoose I completely feel that. Mine was stolen while I was in Salisbury and they balled out at Walmart IN MY HOME TOWN
 Hoevannyx Lol they have Walmart it's all good
Interesting strategy. Amazon is going after Walmart with a 45 percent discount on Prime for lower-income shoppers 
in bourgeois society diamond ring is independent and has individuality, while the chipotle Walmart is dependent and has no individuality
*walks into walmart with target reusable bags* 🙂🙂🙂🙂☺☺☺☺
*in walmart*  codyfreeman2: whatcha doin?  kayligraves : not getting kicked out. Me: PENIS!
 trayanastasio  Barbara80706473  Willystyle5340  TheOriginalTKO  Patrickesque  IvankaTrump  ChelseaClinton Oh give… 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist GETTING THROWN OUT OF WALMART (FOR BEING A-HOLES)
I have to go to Walmart and I'm scared to go alone
 luzzi_michael How have you not gotten arrested yet for all the Walmart Shenanigans 😂😂😂
 Arimammaa I'm sorry that this happened to you. I almost was taken at Walmart in Modesto. So I know how you feel. Thank God you're okay!
Walmart 👀👀 
Why bryson tiller look like a Walmart brand lebron 
May the pallet jack be with you 😂  HamillHimself  Walmart 
I went to Walmart today w my dad and I didn't hide bananas and now I feel empty inside
 television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
 Walmart make a picture of cindy mcphearson from the boondocks a teen dressing as jill valentine from resident evil in a pink battlesuit.
Prosecutors: Mom bought hand sanitizer, pliers then pulled son's teeth in Walmart restroom: 
Just a another regular Wednesday night at Walmart 
upset b/c i had a really good hair day and the only places i went to were work and walmart
this stranger at Walmart had the nerve to say "the floor is lava" to me while I had my hands full 😑
 yourstrulywyley It's just a fujifilm instax mini 8 they're like  60 at Walmart
 johncheese I found some of these at Walmart and drew dicks on them. It's surprisingly difficult to do.
Banned From Walmart 
I'm at Walmart and buddy walks up to me and asks if I have a bf. Didn't even bother asking my name or introducing himself 😭
Mother Arrested After Extracting Child’s Teeth with Pliers in Walmart – Eagle Rising 
St. Louis (MO) KMOX: Walmart to Bring Grocery Pick-Up Service to 600 Stores
Did I mention that my Walmart doesn't stock regular 3DS' anymore, blew  200 today ;-; 
Bby to get your bed off the floor just one payment of  49.95 and a payment if  29.95 for a bed set  at your local w… 
LV Walmart completely rearranged their makeup section and I feel like that meme of Mr Krabs
Some dude in Walmart: "hey, what's dead and has 2 legs?"
Some other dude with him: *said something* 
First dude: *jokingly* "my grandpa" 😂
Someone take me to Walmart so I can buy a spinner
 lucas_araujorz Walmart>>>>>>
You're at Walmart too bitch -my mom 🙈
I know I have the best husband ever when he goes to Walmart after a 10 hour shift to pick my up Chocolate Lucky Charms bc I was craving them
 Rocha29Aldo en Walmart??
I was sooo ready to leave Walmart when I got hired at OSF but now I keep crying every time I think about my last day. Why am I like this????
 luzzi_michael Can you knock down pillows in the next walmart video
 k_mcq how dare you ask for taxpayer help just cuz u were fired! Dah fuq?? Get a new job. WalMart all American job 🇺🇸 paycheck no benefits👍🏽
 pops60okc Lol....why Walmart????
I liked a  YouTube video TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART!! *SPILLED PAINT*
 Walmart It doesn't matter if you start making your stuff in the US, if u punish your employees for using their sick days.  ABCnews  msnbc
I saw Abu today at Walmart and it made me so happy. So glad he's doing well☺️
shut the fuck up kaelin your name sounds like a walmart brand version of my name i hate you and i hope you have a h… 
Just saw a 12 yr old park a car and run into Walmart. Where are ur parents
 luzzi_michael Can you go infront of a walmart worker and yell penis as loud as possible
 heydesttt That's on them .. You work for Walmart for 3 years but can't take 2 summers to earn a degree to have a c… 
Off to Walmart. 
Who's going to take me to Walmart?  lol.
 deggowaffles  EmperorOTN I remember seeing the poster in Walmart as a kid, the giant sand-face with the empty eyes and mouth fucked me up
 HadlieJane walmart
Rare trip to Walmart for me tonight. Made me think they really need to have a "10 teeth or more" line.
 luzzi_michael What's the worst thing you've ever done at Walmart? ( Or the most savage )
 luzzi_michael are you gonna keep doing Walmart videos combined with vlogs ?
I'm at  Walmart in Vancouver, WA 
 DavidHaugh Dont let  Graham_Couch or  bobwojnowski or  seideljeff hear about this perspective. Would severely dimi… 
 CBSNews I have had someone order 4 iPhones and 2 PS4 products under my name from Walmart  theives  online
 SarahPalinUSA 
We know  Walmart peoples  ! What about  Amazon peoples ? 
 luzzi_michael Have u applied for your Walmart jobs yet?
 luzzi_michael Walmart. My bad
 luzzi_michael What is your favorite thing to do at walmart?
I found out how to pick the perfect watermelon today and I just went to Walmart to get one and it's perf. Brb gonna eat it all by myself.
 luzzi_michael When did you think of making walmart videos?
 luzzi_michael Why you don't like to be gentle in walmart?
 MoneybadgerG Walmart 5 
 luzzi_michael When do you start the Walmart shenanigans?
 YungMatteo Remember that one time where I made a pole and one of the options was "delete your account Griff" .. th… 
I wanna know why they getting this shit done at Walmart 😭 
Star Wars The Black Series First Order Special Forces TIE Fighter  86.50  Walmart  Special 
Fisher-Price Imaginext Power Rangers Green Ranger & Dragonzord RC  29.82  Walmart  Dragonzord… 
Ready for day 2 at good ole Walmart lol
 evellyynn__  7 milk shakes after or walmart run ?
 chasereag Walmart
I'm realizing now that I don't know where tf to buy furniture?? Like besides IKEA, Target, and Walmart... where do you go???
Eclipse Twin Over Full Futon Bunk Bed  149.00  Walmart  Futon 
 Hawkize And she was the one who crop dusted me at walmart
***CRAYOLA DOUBLE EASEL*** ONLY  22.27: <-- ships FREE when you spend  35+ 
Alison wouldn't buy me a "world greatest Dad" shirt so I though a fit in Walmart.
Luda had a great run while I was in middle school/high school. I still remember my mom making me return "Chicken & Waffles" to Walmart.
 sex with teens at walmart intercourseteenage video 
At Walmart when an older gentlemen would ask if I was sixteen I said that I was 18 and was going to BYU. They walked away.  MyWorstSummerJob
I dead ass spend  15 on watermelon in a week from Walmart when I can just buy a whole one for  5 🤦🏾‍♀️
OKAY I JUST SAW SOMEONE LITERALLY STILL IN THEIR CAP AND GOWN AT A WALMART AT ALMOST 10 AT NIGHT.
 Lowes  Target  Walmart  PerkyPetFeeders quit selling red hummingbird food. bad for them just like bad for kids
I just want to take walmart trips with him, like when I was little 😔
 nypost Apparently when she registered at Walmart she listed the wrong size trailer tires, and ammo.  QueTheBanjo
We're at Walmart & Jose says "hey i think your eyebrow is coming off".....🙂🤷🏽‍♀️
 FunWhet69 I prefer to buy from Walmart and rip it off.
walmart go crazy on my lifeeeee 😂 i can't wait to start here 💪🏽
someone take me to walmart :( lol
I was walking around Walmart with a big ass whole in my jeans on my butt & I didn't even know WOW.
 andynapkins You're telling me the same shit I bought from Walmart 15 years ago is considered "hip" now
WHY DO I WORK AT WALMART 😒
 ltzthf Lets!! You should get the Whey one from walmart; strawberry, or Isaias said cookies n cream is good too(:
Someone wanna take me to Walmart
its alright  Walmart just mess up my weeks in Florida by canceling my order for my camera.  ITS FIIIIINE 😄😑just a bit triggered
Bruh Walmart out here tripping with these prices 
I love getting stuff I actually need from Walmart it feels accomplishing lmao
 ItComesAtNight  GetJETmag Grandpa, put your teeth in and out some clothes on, we're going to Walmart.
Amazon and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it 
 OMGItsBirdman Walmart
 irritatedwoman  inperilous1 Seen the shaking hand of a women this morning, at Walmart. Couldn't get her card to work. She was panicking.
 Fred_Butler I was waiting for: "gave birth to croc-baby." I gotta stop reading those tabloids when I'm in line at Walmart.
 HolyOrderTroll  MrFanatiq  xMOONS LMAOOOOO girl that walmart is black as hell
Excuse her hair... But she carried these  despicableme paper towels all through Walmart till she… 
Bought,Star Wars rogue one at Walmart ,watch it ,great movie ,loved IV ,V , and VI ,and the ones in the 90's ,👍👍👍
All right, Walmart, chill out 
 MattMurph24 Must be a nice Walmart to shop via boat.
Who trynna go on a date to that new Walmart?
 SpeakerRyan How much was lost in 2008/2009? How many small business were trounced by Walmart and its drain on wages, social programs?
I don't ever go to Walmart but when I do 
 CVGUpdates Would I be able to buy a copy of the album at a store, like Target/Best Buy/Walmart? Or would it only b… 
 bigslicksprayin That's crazy you get blown out and head south.... it's been a brutal 2 weeks. Pick you up at 9 and… 
***REEVES 36 COLORS PASTEL*** ONLY  2.98: <-- the EXACT same item is  20.39 at Walmart... 
 blissinminimal Walmart jacks up the elf prices it's sad, but if you show them a lower price they have to match it!
A stack of saltine crackers that smells faintly of 2 Dollar Makeup from Walmart.
 IGTUnKnown  MrFanatiq  xMOONS BTW, good job being Black and getting away with filming in Walmart. Thought it was against the rules :)
 walmartcpope How about this one? : We hope that helps! -Inge
Some random guy at Walmart just told me "you're really gorgeous" and it made my day ☺️
yes I smoke weed and read the Bible, 2 in one. wyd? other than stealing from Walmart & lying on Facebook
Need to go back to Walmart 🙄
I think I'd rather walk through a pile of lava with glass sprinkled on top rather than go to the Mt. Pleasant Walmart.
Walmart Deal: Hormel Bacon Bits  Coupons  Tips
 MichaelDros  Nationalpetro On the bright side Walmart will sell tons of t-shirts with Coach Riley on them for all… 
 gmcleod12 i take Natures Bounty hair skin and nail strawberry gummy vitamins. i get them from walmart for only  8. 😊
stephanie just reminded me that i hit her with my jandal at walmart and i died all over again 😂😂😂😂
YES Walmart  todderic_ 
Nothing makes me more mad than getting a cart at Walmart with a broken wheel 😡
Supercenter 05124 - Hourly Positions - Walmart - Glendale, AZ 
Noreen Tolbert Ashley Doan Taryn Blair Reshia Payne Janet Collins Sarah Pennington 
I left angel to go to Walmart and I called the house like 6 times to check on here😂😂
There's this boy at Walmart that looks a lil like Darius and it's so weird sgsjgsjs
I liked a  YouTube video If Walmart Paid Its Employees a Living Wage, How Much Would Prices Go Up?
I'm taking my ass to Walmart this game a distraction 😩😹😹
 PostBaron  washingtonpost and for Gods sake..
don't run it by  JeffBezos first...
he's too damn busy putting Walma… 
Boone The Bounty Hunter just dropped  yesterday on DVD at Walmart go pick one up! Or  GetBooned… 
 WillShockley  ColtMontanaFilm  TheJRSchneide  iamLeoHoward  EricRoberts  justindeeley7  morgfair Got it  Walmart t… 
When your brothers keep you entertained in the Walmart line 😂😂😂😂 
Picked these up today  Walmart and already planning my weekend inside.  Now...if I can keep the cats at bay 
 c0urtn3y_KingMe Walmart
Okay they have neighborhood markets for Walmart and Kroger but why can't they do that with  tacobell ?  ineedtacosnow
my first reaction to irl pda was seein two strangers makin out in a walmart so i just stared bc i was nosy
I remember them nights when I was younger at 1 AM..would go to Walmart with the squad and do straight dumb stuff 😂
Everyone does dumb shit at Walmart. 😂
Condition cuticles w/ Johnson’s Baby Oil? Add it to your beauty regimen, head to  Walmart!  JohnsonsBeautyHack  Ad… 
Just tried  EdwardsDesserts S'mores cream pie.  It was meh.  Not special but not horrible.  got it free  walmart  whyIpie  owntheoccasion
 Geeking Out In Nashville With Walmart's CTO - 
 Kixxee I'm telling you just steal a mobility scooter from Walmart and ride that bitch to the sunset
I want to take a Walmart trip. But I dead ass don't feel like driving to Collins Rd.
 Dflorill  gwammaross  suzi_kew  gravy_bacon  REDHOTTEXAS  davidmweissman  ConcernedHigh  HolzMAS  cokey318… 
An interesting read for  retail  trends 
Woman accused of leaving 1-year-old granddaughter in car outside Walmart 
 Briiana_Mancina I found them at big lot but they also have them at Walmart I think. They stick just like those mas… 
Newly added: Mother Pulls Out Her Son's Teeth Inside Of A Walmart Bathroom 
Which one do I get:
65 camel 3L or Walmart 2L Ozark
Things to do for fun in Elkhart, ride the Walmart trolley to go see the new super Walmart.
if anyone wants some good banana bread and wants to help someone in need hit up the Walmart on Yarbrough a man sell… 
TMRW IS MY FIRST DAY OFF IN 9 DAYS AND I COULDNT BE MORE GRATEFUL THX WALMART FOR THIS DAY OFF
 neenebeene22  B_Real7412 Oh and by Walmart wassup
 OrcaBC101  MartinOrtiz38  ohtruckthat  PlanetJenny411  HarborHose  BigRigTeeDecals  laurajean313  JobsInTrucks… 
What's the score? I'm at Walmart lol
Walmart adventures w/ me are amazing 
 KHOU Walmart's Insulin is about  25 a vial.
Walmart uses VR Training Maybe VR shopping instead? So I can shop w/o tripping on a skatebo… 
 GOP  POTUS He's the most corrupt, treasonous, ignorant man ever to sit in our White House.  Get him out or your ne… 
I always talk about how ugly it is that parents take their kids to stores barefoot and we stopped at Walmart and Gabe doesn't have shoes 😡😖😭
There is a law irrevocably decreed that every time you wear sweats and no makeup you see more people you know at Walmart.
All week I've told myself to save my money bc of my vacation at the end of the month & I just blew so much money at Walmart on NOTHING.
Can I get the Kyrie lay up package at Walmart ?
I feel cheap just walking into walmart
 Spanther96 Walmart! There wasn't that many colors left cus I procrastinated on buying it. I need to check out the north strore though
All the rachets   Walmart on Wayside
*walks into walmart*
"HEY! wasn't ur hair just white?"
I don't care if you wearing Walmart camouflage or Kylie's new camouflage line- I'm still gonna say "omg a floating head"
 NashVegasSwift i read woman as walmart... i rly don't know how i even
4 Things Brand Marketers Should Watch in Walmart's Earnings

 Kixxee Neither can the people shipping at Walmart
Almost had a heart attack at Walmart smh
theyre playing Hero on the overhead at walmart and im in the pasta aisle crying
 NasMaraj  JUlCEGAWDD What's that Walmart brand ass Tom?
going to walmart w/ austins family needs to be a weekly thing now
Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm death of the middle class 
"get your mom to take you to Walmart and get u some blue eyeshadow" -  tieraasmithh
Walmart to Bring Grocery Pick-Up Service to 600 Stores - CBS St. Louis 
Walmart touts  Investment in people, technology as advantages - WIAT 42 
THE DEVIL'S SCIENCE
AD:Wal-Mart :B&N: BoeingM:… 
I decided to try out the grocery pickup at Walmart. For me it's about time management. If I can add 3 hours to my... 
It would start raining hard when I pull up at Walmart!
 my_guardzilla  Walmart  Target  BestBuy  Staples  officedepot An excellent product!
i. hate. walmart.
Sooooo. Liyah and I are in Walmart and this couple walked up to me and said will I have a baby for them...
Woman Buys Purse from Walmart. Opens Zipper to Find Letter Hidden Inside. Heart Drops to Stomach 
Walmart  sydneybradley_ 
 lcontreras_30 Walmart
A guyjust came up to me in Walmart and asked if I was single. When I said no he gave me his number and told me to hit him up when I was 😭💀😂
Warren Buffett just dropped Walmart and signaled the...: via  StumbleUpon 
94-year-old Walmart employee excited to work at new Supercenter

 hannaaahleighxo Lol remember the time that my friend did my makeup and the only thing I did was go to Walmart  noshame
 RamonaSoprano Did you get peanut butter cups at Walmart?😕
Pretty sure I just saw George W. Bush at Walmart
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings says Netflix is like Starbucks, but there's a problem with that via  sai
[ p101 as people of walmart ] 

✨ quote! don't reply pls ✨
Supercenter 04336 – Hourly Positions – Walmart – El Mirage, AZ – Phoenix Jobs 
 Amazon still selling ‘Free Palestine’ clothes  USONLINE  Walmart  UnitedStates... 
My roommates have never heard of Cupcakke so I'm enlightening them on the ride to Walmart lol
 MartinOrtiz38  TruckersWheel  ohtruckthat  PlanetJenny411  HarborHose  BigRigTeeDecals  laurajean313  JobsInTrucks… 
I walked past the books in walmart earlier and saw like 10 cowboy books and none of them were gay, the absolute blasphemy
My ma just paged the boys on the Walmart intercom because she couldn't find them
 Walmart do you sell charging cord for the iPhone ? I have the 5s
Do it now at Walmart:
Ok so where is there interoperability? Amazon/eBay? Walmart/Target? Elusive goal. Every one says they want to prote… 
Walmart and a Mothers Worries.: via  YouTube
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Round Rock, TX 
I'm getting possessive over Manchester seeing people's snap stories like HEY GUYS THATS MY WALMART GO AWAY U DONT E… 
Oh yes! It was the place of you didn't want to go to the Hall of Shame!! Heck now Hall of Fame is a Walmart! 
 TylPRob Love you too cuz, no but their isnt shit to do, accept sit in walmart parking lot and chill wif the homies at mcd's
 zerohedge

SNAP/Food Stamp debit card = Walmart gift card

Walmart would freak if they had to have  skininthegame & pay a fee.

Ha! DO IT!
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Such a lovely patio set to enjoy this summer  WalmartWednesday  giveaway   win
 thehill Walmart who could pay a living wage expects us tax payers to pick up the tab. A  decent wage won't cut their profits much at all.
a mutual hatred for walmart builds strong relationships
My childhood is coming out in full swing tonight at Walmart. I apologize to those around me watching my excitement as I find things I love.😂
Just knowing that I have to go to Walmart makes me cringe I hate going to the store.
 JoanOverman10 Update: I purchased some at Walmart tonight, don't fret
I need to go to Walmart my damn self 🤦🏽‍♂️
There was a dog in the parking lot but he barked at me so now I'm crying in Walmart
***FabuLESS STORAGE SOLUTION!*** Get a TWO STERILITE DRAWERS: ONLY  23.92: <-- ships FREE... 
I just wanna be able to go to Walmart without being harassed.
Get someone who thinks you're Target quality not Walmart quality
Why does Walmart even have 25 lanes when you know full well they only use 2...
Y'all, when I walk into Walmart I feel sexy
Never buy a Walmart pizza.🚽
Legit just painted 6 nails different types of red in Walmart to make sure I had the right one to match my lipstick 😂 💄💋
Walmart is playing the Jonas brothers right now. I'm lit
i walked into the walmart bathroom and was greeted by a women throwing up into the sink
Walmart Opens 24-Hour Grocery Pickup Kiosk 
Earlier 💂🏾‍♀️💰💸
 earlier  me  mirrorselfie  afro  atwork  workflow  work  makingmoney  walmart… 
1% Daily 90days  Amazon  Salesleader  crypto +  AI =    books  walmart  Bitcoinsbrain  bitcoin  onecoin  Ripple… 
secretly buy mascara from walmart when my mom wasn't looking and id put it on on the bus drive to school (it turned out terrible)
Hang On Harvey Game for  9 + pickup at Walmart - CNET - 
Sterilite 3-Drawer Weave Storage Tower ONLY  11.96 
i hate walmart with a passion
 ToysRUs  ToyStoreDeal  cnnbrk  Walmart  TargetDeals  nytimes   FoxNews spinner fidget | eBay 
Well...  AdoreMe ,  Walmart beat you out today for bathing suits for this weekend...  veryannoyed  wassupposedtohavemybathingsuits
 MattMurph24 I hear the Isle of Walmart is lovely in the fall.
Javale McGee still looks like the Walmart brand J Cole
Target raises ante in e-commerce fight with Amazon, Walmart - Fortune websi  cmsecommerce
 ByStevenCook Maybe screwy Abelove can run over here and cover it up real fast. Then steal  89.75 from Grenville Wa… 
 girlziplocked 25 miles one way to get to the local Walmart from where I was living in rural Vermont. I tried makin… 
 nav_arro21  sagejohn23 next Walmart adventure?😂 
 wjxt4 (1) What the hell costs  600 at Publix!? (2) Was the cashier hired from Walmart??
 thehill Okay, so this is GEORGIA. But even this Walmart republican infested, back water electorate must recognize… 
Have you guys seen this  Walmart commercial?!? I can't put my finger on it, but... 
 
This sick fuck at Walmart was talking about how he picks up stray cats and skins them.
18 People Who Shows Us That Walmart Is Another World Entirely 
Update Walmart did not have Oreo os smh
Walmart, the nation’s most profitable corporation, may also be the greatest beneficiary of the taxpayer-funded... 
 jasmineeflowerz Yeah I just a fucking 5 dollar Walmart gift card what a fucking waste of my time! 😞😞😞
Grab a bag of Orange Cranberry and enjoy the evening. Our 5oz bags are resealable and great on the go!  Walmart… 
my best friend is wearing shoes from walmart in NYC and a broadway actress complimented them I am weak
I be in walmart practicing my shooting form on the cameras
 smh People stealing a  3.98 pregnancy test from  Walmart  Walmart  lol  thieves  shoplifters  theft  crime… 
 UPS This is how I stack boxes marked Handle w care. Crushed boxes full of jam jars.  upsdeliveryfail  crushedboxes… 
Louisville 40-Foot Aluminum Extension Ladder for  174 + pickup at Walmart - 
How low can a Wednesday go? Well, mine capped off with me shattering a bottle of Arbor Mist at Walmart b/c they can't sell anything stronger
I just found out that Walmart and Target sell kpop albums!!! 
 Utah mom accused of pulling son`s teeth out with pliers in Walmart bathroom 
go get some shit at Walmart
 ArcadeWarrior Well i got kicked out of walmart just for shaking the claw😡
im the cutest psycho walmart associate 
im tired, out of breath, and in pain just from walking at walmart and mom thought itd be funny to get me a gym membership
Folks be going to Walmart just to play I swear
 Target warehouse mistake is now a customer's problem.  amazon  Nordstrom would just fix it. You're useless. Actually you're  Walmart  fail
 antsylabs So today while shopping, I notice that Walmart in Canada was selling Zuru Antsy Labs fidget cube are the… 
 iHollywood12  MartinOrtiz38  ohtruckthat  PlanetJenny411  HarborHose  BigRigTeeDecals  laurajean313  JobsInTrucks… 
what is walmart on 
low key just went into the boys bathroom   Walmart and spotted a dude peeing. oops.
I think it's cute that I haven't seen Allison since Monday but she knows I love Walmart and always invites me to go with her💜 lol goals
Needless to say I didn't record a video tonight, maybe tomorrow. My outside recording spot is the Walmart lower parking deck by the way.
Lawddd idk why I work at Walmart in riverdale 🤦🏾‍♀️ folks SO GHETTOOOO ! 😂😂😂😂😂
 HeyHeatherBee Walmart had a  StarCraft 2 collectors edition the other day
 solusnan1 Yep the Walmart could handle it but the little corner stores that you can get to without cars that have… 
Admitte;ly I've never been very good at math, brt I'm hretty sure that Walmart + holidays + wom.n in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Williston police officer, several Walmart employees pepper sprayed by shoplifter  walmart  shoplifting
 warrenkylady Are you kidding me? Did you really do your homework and Walmart?
Chanel vs Walmart 
Got a text from  malloryxbrooke to meet her at Walmart because she dropped her phone in the toilet  classic
Can you tell I went to Walmart? 8 out of 10 
 UnknownKongYT Checked Walmart, target, and Best Buy. None of them near me have the switch either, are you sure it'… 
Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 
Walmart tests automated grocery kiosk pickup 
 StonerBrewingCo 😂😂😂😂.

It was Walmart though. They carded my MOM. 

Made her day though. She still talks about it.
 MakoMutt I worked at walmart, I have already hit rock bottom and suffered. Nothing can or will ever be worse.
My foodhaul from  Walmart. Watermelon, red and rainier cherries, sweet potatoes, red, yellow,… 
steals cookies from walmart
kbye
That lil hygiene section in Walmart saves lives when you ain't tryna stand in them long ass lines 🙌🏽🤘🏽
Dallas and her young son Jameus were standing in line at a Walmart when the mother picked up her son. As she did,... 
If the  Pirates lose tonight I'm going to Walmart dressed like ALF from  MELMAC 

Google ALF 
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART SHENANIGANS *KICKED OUT*
Long: Kaepernick being blackballed would be a problem <~Dude shops at Walmart. Salute!!!  cajunas
Walmart takes on Amazon's grocery pickups with automated kiosks via  engadget
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Waynesboro, PA 
Why can't dealers Price Match like some Walmart shit
MEANWHILE in rural states, people have to drive 20+ miles to buy food from Walmart because all the independent chains have died.
Ten dollar sneakers at Walmart turn to shit in three months. If I buy a pair of Reeboks, I can punish them and still get a year out of them.
i get a paid week of vacation & walmart won't let me have it 😭
Zaza is like the walmart of the nba - straight bummy
 nicole sheridan sex video women of walmart 
 girlziplocked We have rural mom and pop stores in my state that have closed because of the economy. Now seniors ar… 
 swaggsheila1  Walmart Thank you  swaggsheila1!
just yelled "walk" at a kid running in walmart....ahahaha i hate what my job does to me😅
. Walmart Chief Merchandising Officer Steve Bratspies telling story of company working with suppliers to create jobs 
 GuthConnie  Walmart Yes!! At Grumpy's on Huron Thursday from about noon - 2
Today I went to Walmart for deodorant, and left with  30 worth of candy.
Can't I get my pictures printed on that laminated paper at CVS? or is that Walmart 🤔
As  hannahsavage316  and I jump on a bench at walmart, "Hey Rory, the floor is lava." 
Rory: "Oh yeah, I'm fire proof." 
Boom what!
 Walmart is trash
Get yourself a brother that'll bike to Walmart to return your redbox movies when you're running a fever👏🏼👏🏼
This guy came up to me at Walmart today & said "this might be weird, but I thought you worked here. Then I realized you didn't." Like..what?
I was just strolling along in Walmart when I saw my fave person everrr
I don't know why people feel the need to stand so close behind you in line at Walmart.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dallas, TX 
 sighkailyn  ThatDudeMCFLY I do. We're close, too close. I'm the friend she calls to go to the dollar store and Wal… 
 NowPlaying BussibaK - BussibaK - Beatking (walmart) [1lLD]  TuneIn on 
I wonder if my LS will go to Walmart for me
 BillieHoliday & working in the  babecave. How come I think I need to go to  Walmart? Yep. To the  bat mobile!  Walmart 🏃🏼‍♀️😁
My gym at night is like Walmart at night.
Insurers challenge Walmart's settlement with Tracy Morgan 
I absolutely loved the Edwards S'mores Creme Pie- delicious - GotItFree  Walmart this  WhyIPie  OwnTheOccasion  edwardsDesserts. Best Pie !
 cpgauthier83 I think I want to do that!  Tired of this shit weather and I could people watch all day at Walmart
 Morning_Joe I believe Joe is a smuck. And a stupid idiot. You can only get a job  MSNBC  FakeNewsMedia and Walmart bagging groceries.
These Lines & Walmart Not Moving & I Feel Sick Asf 🤒
I hope and pray to good lord my legs ain't giving out on me in Walmart I've literally fell down 2 times ..
 Walmart  Ayyenicolle_ Can we get one in D.C. Or VA
 Kbranch34408021  TheDemocrats So they can work a job where they'll need housing subsidies and food stamps? You're… 
 79 at Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kendall, FL 
going to walmart 
anyone need anything
 Pinback  Bobble  Funko Dorbz Ridez  Batman  23 Walmart Exclusive  Store  Mall
I liked a  YouTube video MATT OX - Overwhelming (Dance Video at Walmart) !!
I remember this vividly because I asked u if u got the paints from Walmart and you got mad at me 
Actually this side is having a blackout period. Walmart and some of the houses past it. 
WALMART SHENANIGANS *KICKED OUT*: via  YouTube
 Walmart walmartone will not let me see my schedule!!!!  walmarthelp 
 clix: WalMart Grocers Selling Pink Slime MEAT 
 Alsmithbig  fREADom11  montanagirl05  JakeSingle1  Mike_P_Williams  realDonaldTrump You guys are gonna need to pro… 
Our scholars walking through walmart looking like a big basketball team!!
 PPI  2K5  db13… 
 miniestmini I am ashamed to admit I did linger in Walmart one day to sneek looks at leopard bustier, net-work cami… 
 joesavie  rauldoe_  Walmart  rauldoe_ yo 2 tings first I'm gonna slap you in front of your girl then imma take her… 
I liked a  YouTube video Beyblade Ultimate Gift Set Unboxing Walmart Exclusive
Having fun at Walmart with the little one😀 
 joesavie  SalLaFlame  Walmart I don't follow wastemans
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp and earned the Maverick badge! 
 karennxo  MakeupForWOC  Maybelline I bought mines from Walmart and I saw it on amazon & ulta's website.
 MoFoChance20 Don't wanna mess with me. I get gains from Walmart
,Walmart to jobs
Not even 5 hours into my night shift and I've already made an amazon, sephora and walmart order...
Never let me and Gabbie go to walmart high ever again. If you're asking yourself where the bread came from, we are… 
Why is everyone and their mom at Walmart right now?!
2017-2018 is the year for Grand Prairie over here getting a Walmart, IKEA & a water park
sounds kinda weird but so far i have pictures of me laying in the road, on a car, on a table, and in the middle of walmart
Walmart needs to go back to handing out their yellow smiley face stickers when people walk through the door
I liked a  YouTube video All Access on Walmart Soundcheck: Hank Williams Jr. Plays the Blues
20 people waiting in line at walmart and they have one register open...you wouldn't have this problem at your Peru Hy-Vee...
Somebody go to Walmart with me😭😭
 SalLaFlame  rauldoe_  Walmart This wasteman  rauldoe_  didn't bless me with a follow back
Sears Is Giving Away Billions of Dollars in Sales to Amazon, Walmart and Others in This Key Business 
Wow my profile picture is so funny I had to be escorted out of walmart by the police I was laughing so hard 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
 369.24   List price  649.99
Save   280.75
PSE Bow Madness 32-Bow Only 29-60 LH Mossy Oak 1502MHLCY2960 
I am going to Walmart and buying me like 400 cookies to munch on because I need something to keep me from crying..  .
Walmart can't catch a break!

 Mother  Arrested After Extracting  Child's Teeth with Pliers in  Walmart


Walmart had 50¢ pies. If you need me I'll be eating pies. 
 beetrootv8 I never know what to tell people I just volunteer or go to Walmart.  The only thing that's free is the park.
Bored so bff and I grabbed a beer and headed to Walmart lmfao
Eg Walmart is fucking stupid.
I said this as fast as I could in Walmart and she pissed her self. Literally pissed everywhere. Shit killed me to l… 
 jasonhubsch  TheDemocrats Hope you're happy paying taxes to subsidize the working poor. Nothing like Walmart profi… 
But why was this me when Mommy and Daddy came back from Walmart 😭😭😭  whitneyjones97 
lol I'm goin all this week Walmart trippin 
 JoyAnnReid Maybe come out with a line of mom jeans for Walmart.
 foryoonkook Mother charged with child abuse for pulling son’s loose teeth in Walmart bathroom 
 joesavie  rauldoe_  Walmart Aye yo fam... bless me wit a twonie
Why does everyone at Walmart smell like sweaty balls 🙂
 XplodingUnicorn Mother charged with child abuse for pulling son’s loose teeth in Walmart bathroom 
 Millennial_Matt Mother charged with child abuse for pulling son’s loose teeth in Walmart bathroom 
I'm Tight I Was At Walmart Earlier & Forgot Me & Kehmi Bubble Bath Smell Goods 🤦🏽‍♀️😩
This is CRAZY!! Right Now Walmart Is Such a Force Again That Amazon Should Be Very Worried.
PSE Archery Guide Youth Compound Bow Set for New Archers
Price  55.60  Was  149.04
Save   93.44

 rauldoe_  SalLaFlame  Walmart More chune for your head top so watch how you speak on my name you know 😬👆🏼
Walmart Takes the Top Spot on the 2017 Fortune 500 List 
"Yo...eh! Yo! You going by the Walmart on 55th? Eh! Eh! You going that way?" 
 realDonaldTrump Can you please help Jay, he is getting 10 to life in jail for staying in places (like Walmart) for 24 hours. It's too much.
NYEH is you  it's bubblegum walmart
 Ashlynnnleigh MISS JESSIES PILLOW SOFT CURLS THEY SELL IT AT WALMART I LOVE IT IT EVEN SMELLS GOOD
 Markisaiahmusic dude my mom just saw u in walmart??? hope u had a fun time buddy
Just ate my last piece of  EdwardsDesserts S'Mores Creme Pie. :-(  
  AlreadySad  Yummy  GotItFree  OwnTheOccasion  Walmart  WhyIPie
Amazon still selling ‘Free Palestine’ clothes - After Sears and Walmart remove items, US online giant continues... 
 Walmart Answer?
I liked a  YouTube video How Well Can You Dress From Walmart? (You Won't Believe it!!!)
 JanGilson well, they were from Walmart ya know
Wonderworld Fire Engine Ride-On  35.43  Walmart - Thumb Score: 0 Walmart has Wonderworl... 
Couple Found Living In Walmart Attic With Hot Plate, Meth Lab, And 42″ TV via  TRENDING
 xdaej_ It's fine. I'm not good enough to take walmart trips with you
This is happening to workers all over the country, and it's not only Walmart!

"A report released Thursday by a... 
yo what walmart is this it's lit 
 Walmart why oh why is there 20 regstrs but only 1-3 very slow cashiers working? My frozen food was sweating & thawing b4 I got thru ✔ out❗😡
Haley called me while she went to Walmart and brought me ice cream tonight after she dropped me off. Get you a best friend like her❤❤
Only in Walmart 🙄🙄 
 VictoriaaLeeAnn That's what they are good at 😂 I honestly still shop at Walmart
I just went to Walmart and bought myself a box of donuts and cinnamon rolls.... and I have the nerve to watch these people on my 600lb life.
 feverspell Why does this remind me of a "Chanel vs WalMart" meme when you compare the two? 😂💁🏽
The guy selling stoges at Walmart was really trying to convince me to stop smoking rn..... lmao wut
 Pound_Sand_SVP  slickdeals Walmart has a couple that work as well for  10 -  15. I did a study, n = 1
Fun fact: "Speedy checkout" is a cruel oxymoron at Walmart.
If any of you are at Walmart right now I apologize in advance for my appearance. 😂😂
 NastyWP At 34%, it still dropped 5% in less than a month which is terrible. At that rate, his numbers drop faster than Walmart.
Deals – Wonderworld Fire Engine Ride-On  35.43  Walmart 
Yo, I feel like God when I'm working and have to go over the intercom at Walmart
Great read.  You can feel it at Walmart as the company positions for the future. Swagger feels good. . WalmartToday 
Walmart EverStart Deep Cycle Batteries 
Low key the biggest celebrity in Gallia county is the gallipolis walmart nighttime door greeter
 Epwnaz  insane0042 Yeah the Walmart one is my favorite of the 3 I got.
How do ppl have so much energy these days, fuck I get tired going to Walmart to get pizza and a redbox
 C_Wagerr Have you tried Walmart they have pretty cheap gas
As a customer service manager at Walmart, I can tell you, we are always hiring, and never have enough help, ever. 2… 
 joesavie  SalLaFlame  Walmart Careful who you call a waste man, wasteman🤔🤔
Walmart India launches exclusive GST toll-free helpline for `kirana ... - indiablooms   india  startups  growth
 3.87 Walmart Knife (Double Wood Lockback) Best Of The Bunch!   
Geeking Out In Nashville With Walmart's CTO - 
I'm convinced Walmart is a portal to another world past 10🙄
 _sonjiaaa Walmart.
 _MonaeMonroe Girl all I did was go to Walmart and office max😂
 KadyRoxz Walmart has boots. Im thinking hit them with a boot on each wheel instead of one or two.
I don't care that you just went to Walmart or what you just ate for dinner, tell me the experiences you've went through and why you're you
 99.00 Rollback
Was  198.00 Barnett Vortex Hunter Compound Bow 
I'm so confused. sells old school incandescent lightbulbs and old school fluorescent ones but not the twirly ones.
I lost my phone at Walmart and had to get a new one. :(
Amazon is going after Walmart with cheaper Prime rates for some shoppers 
Just in at the Port Charlotte Walmart, an old woman brought her entire shopping cart inside the restroom
Let's go to Walmart 😜😋🤤💦
I liked a  YouTube video Trapped In Walmart AGAIN!
 IAmMrFoolish this is so embarrassing!! I DONT SHOP AT WALMART.  RosaArmendariz_  I h8 u now for spreading this lie
How Walmart Challenges Its E-Commerce Sites For Greater Success via  forbes 
Nintendo 3DS XL  SoldOutGaming  restock   Walmart ~Red~ 
I liked a  YouTube video ONLY WALMART!!!!
I'm outside (a sketchy Walmart) 
 Walmart is an enthusiastic member of companies that know the benefits of recruiting  veterans. Read more: 
 Ripple C'mon Ripple, how about some news of new partnerships - Mastercard, Paypal, Banks, Walmart, anything?
 capturedbysean like it don't have the same shit as every other Walmart
Kershaw Emerson CQC-5K 6074OLBLK Pocket Knife  14.03 w/ Walmart P/U 
Looking like a Walmart remake ass 🙄 what's new tho 
 Fusion  ossoff Hell, Walmart & Fast Food ran all our small businesses out of town. Not to mention good paying jobs gone, never to return!
Walmart, CVS, Walgreens.. 
 4.60 Clearance
Was  14.99 Tulip 3-Dimensional Fabric Paint, Multi-Colored, 4 oz, Bright, 5pk 
 TiricoHairline Yeah Walmart salads are trash
I liked a  YouTube video 200K SPEAKER PRANK IN WALMART! (DANCE BoeingTTLE)
Would anyone like to go one a Walmart run ?
Spent  567 in Walmart every time they get me 😩. I need everything in there .
Wish i was still in automotives wat walmart 🙄
There are few things I hate more than bad customer service.  Walmart, you've lost business from my fam today. How are you guys so bad? 🤦🏻‍♀️
 funder  repjohnlewis  JohnLeguizamo  joncoopertweets  NathanLerner  DearAuntCrabby  CaptainsLog2017… 
HEY EVERYBODY!!!!! KWA SHOPS AT WALMART!!!!!!!!! 
 TiricoHairline nigga why did u buy anything from Walmart? 😂
MY MOM JSUT CALLED ME SHE SAW MARK ISAIAH IN WALMART
Man I ain't waiting for no-damn-body to check my receipt leaving Walmart, suck my dick if I wanted to steal somethin y'all wouldn't even kno
Wife bought a "chicken" caesar salad from Walmart and I promise this shit made from rehydrated scorpion thorax.
no i didn't just scream "you could put so much cocaine in that" in front of an old lady at walmart on accident nope
Amazon still selling ‘Free Palestine’ clothes: After Sears and Walmart remove items, US online giant…… 
No one has anything on Walmart's playlist
Why is Canadian Popeyes, McDonald's, Netflix, & Walmart better than America's.
I'm so disappointed bc I found Legend for  5 at Walmart but it was DIRECTORS CUT and it used different songs and RUINED IT
 thelipstickgawd You go there when you want something hella random. It's literally like the dollar store & walmart of makeup.
 tourguitar I promise!!! I will save money and we can dance in Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Shenanigans!!(Manager tried to kick us out)!!|Hilarious
Scratch that. She would be those Walmart clearance And1  3 shoes my dad left in another country. Wish I could've done the same to her. 😂😂
 Renner4Real Nice but who uses Bone China in today's world besides the Rich people, aw give me good old Walmart dished. LOL
One, a very big one, of the various reasons I absolutely do not want to do business with this company. 
 emm__kayyy I miss you to! Just know I been lookin for you last night in Walmart
 9.71 Clearance
Was  29.97 Barnett Lil Banshee Duck Commander Compound Youth Bow 
Nice move, but Kyrie walked to Walmart that play idk what the refs looking at
 TreverSumter18  JoanieGibbons1 Never😂 I actually just got back from Walmart I thought about coming out but got distracted
Can I go to a Walmart and buy a cowboy hat?
When your favorite tv character ends up in the cola bin at Walmart!  daymade  ShareaCoke  nickmiller  NewGirlonFOX… 
Late night Walmart runs because I ran out of lactose free milk and I can't live like this.
i shit standing up wether im at walmart or the crib.
 Walmart.com  making customers pay for free shipping on  50 orders with  MandatoryAutomatedDoubleBuys
I'm so mad 😡 my whole screen cracked after one drop. I was ready to snap in Walmart 😤
I was just in line at Walmart buying 14 beach balls. Guy in front of me was an asshole and made cashier cry.
He walked to Walmart
😹😹💀 We Acting A Fool on snap in this Walmart
 joesavie  rauldoe_  Walmart Sick invite
My dumbass literally got my tongue stuck on the freezers at Walmart and it cut my tongue it's still bleeding
Y'all....the mall was closed so I went to Walmart and grabbed this set for  4.66 
I need more friends for like Walmart Runs 😂
 gazettedotcom Co-worker reported to me that there is a man targeting elderly & immigrants in S side Walmart & Aldi parking lots for cash.
I liked a  YouTube video BREAKING ALL THE RULES IN WALMART! ( WORKERS GOT ANGRY)
Mom accused of pulling son’s teeth out with pliers in Walmart bathroom via  WGNNews  walmart  utah  trumpcare
Up til midnight last night working on paperwork resulted in taking a nap in a Walmart parking lot. 🤦🏻‍♀️😴 Guess who's in bed early tonight!
 SalLaFlame I just saw this wasteman  rauldoe_   Walmart  😂
Went to Walmart instead of Target today and accidentally bought so much stuff I had to carry it with my arms. No basket in sight. Nightmare.
Macy "floor is lava"d me and I almost knocked over the clothes rack at Walmart trying not to die
Joe just calls me.... while I spent 200  on Food at Walmart he is at tbell..... 😐🤕
 ed_hooley Pull a Hillary. Blame the Russians while bringing in shopping carts at Walmart.
"What's happening?" you ask? Brit is in Canada wearing an I love Canada hat that I bought her at Walmart eating pou… 
 73.00 Reduced Price
List price 225.00 60" Round Youth Kids Trampoline Combo w/Enclosure Net Pad Bounce Jump Safety 
 thebilinguist  xoamelia If you drink Pepsi, eat McDonalds, shop WalMart/ViSecret/WFoods, have a cell phone, a Chry… 
 djbnksi I'm going to Walmart, come hangout 😂😂
Very interesting list. Post apocalyptic psych patients on less choices than Walmart  4 list, but good choices! 
Been was supposed to run to Walmart yet I'm still sitting here 🤦🏽‍♂️
Convos overheard at Walmart: "I will never lie to you. You know why? Cause I'm a preacher"
Richard Jefferson looks like he shops the activewear section at Walmart & wears full sweatsuits out the door.
God bless you for your 4AM walmart runs 
Walmart Shopping Takeover Soinlovefamily: via  YouTube
go to walmart, they got it all 
I should have come by myself... to late to be aimlessly walking around Walmart.
Mom used pliers to remove son’s teeth in Walmart bathroom, police say 
 199.77 Reduced Price
List price  569.95 Superior Popcorn 8 Ounce Classic Carnival Popcorn Popper Machine & Cart  
 robbie_shea Go to Walmart there are a bunch
 PLUG Add 80 More Walmarts | Hydrogen 2020 Amazon and Walmart makes OVER one BILLION Backlog 
 seanhannity walmart is hiring greeters 
Today was amazing. First we went to court to file papers so Karma can do it's job, than kfc, walmart and my mom's.
We still use both Amazon & Walmart but are moving more and more away from Amazon.

 JeffBezos  WaPo owner is an Ant… 
Bought my tank for the  ResistMarch in LA! Off to walmart for poster boards and glitter 🌈💕💃🏾
My drunk roomie handed me her car keys had me drive her to Walmart but bought us cookie dough Oreos wine and coffee.. I'm a happy girl
[Daily Laugh] Meanwhile at Walmart 
New lorealskin pure clay cleanser available walmart website  beautywithmika  youtuber… 
Any C4 is walmart trash, next 
Just brought me 2 packs from Walmart 🤤 
Walmart Deal: Kraft Miracle Whip  Coupons  Tips
Tell me why Walmart hella smells like weed rn 😂😂
 Bella_Tha_Boss I picked my Air Fryer up at Walmart for  79
burn walmart to the grounddd
 Utah woman charged with child abuse after pulling son's teeth out with pliers in Walmart bathroom.  crime... 
 SophiaAdam17 It's Walmart bro; everyday savings 🙂
 xiaoaishiteru Walmart? I think?
 1ashleysutton and I really need to stop going to Walmart together. Today we went to buy lights, walked out with a pool😎💦
Only thing I miss about walmart is the bonus, shit had my check extra fat 😭
the walmart in soco low key scares me.........
When you go to Walmart with Dylan's 6'9" roommate and everyone stares and makes funny comments about it😂😭
I hate going to Walmart sometimes
  Walmart w/ neci and jazz
 katelin_e_brown Get a job at Walmart. Problem solved. Shoot, there you can wear pjs
 Meance__ Walmart or a beauty supply store
Even when Andrew goes to Walmart to get me stuff bc I'm sick we text the whole time 🙈😂 I love this guy. 😍
i've been waiting for my mom in the car at walmart for an hour. cool.
 korybing I got my board at Walmart. It's 2x3 feet and was less than  10
Walmart Gift Card  31 
Really? The brushes I've bought range from  3- 6 min-max at Walmart. Still good though for that price. 
Picking weed out of my nails in walmart
First day at Walmart and I learned old people really like prunes and sardines
This is the result of 4AM Walmart runs y'all. We literally found this shirt trying to find wrapping paper. 
I don't know if it's a American pastime to piss all over Walmart toilet seats but everytime I go in their those bitches are drenched
 SuperDuperDeets  TOYSPOTTING I was just at Walmart yesterday and they were still around  20 here. Looks like I gotta stop again tomorrow!!
 _ThatBoiiMemo_ They probably at walmart or some idk
 Walmart introduces self-service pickup kiosk to take on  AmazonFresh
via  MailOnline
Geeking Out In Nashville With Walmart's CTO  business  socialmedia  entrepreneurship 
I know youre on a budget so you can take that big trip this summer, but buying patio furniture at Walmart to save a… 
I saw thee finest man I have ever laid eyes on in Walmart today 😍😭
That new Walmart packed as hell already, got damn.
Dafnee from the new Walmart tho 🤤
FaceBook is the Walmart of Social Media.
 CruisinSoozan Do you work at Walmart?
Show me a clean Walmart bathroom and I'll call you a liar
Whenever Curry complains I just imagine an upset kid whining in Walmart because his mom won't by him a transformer
Walmart introduces self-service pickup kiosk to take on AmazonFresh 
I hope Walmart is open till 11pm cause I want some tomato soup
Dear:  walmart, I found a flaw in your site. I wanted to buy for store pickup. It's say I can, but later it say's N… 
Mom charged after pulling son's teeth with pliers in Walmart bathroom  
Guardzilla is available at  Walmart ,  Target , BestBuy,  Staples,  officedepot and more.
 Squad_Mom_ WALMART
Walmart is smart business

24/7 is genius business

Everyone else needs to follow the example set tbh af
You're at Walmart too bitch -my mom 🐰
Walmart CEO made 21.8 million last year. Too much you say? If he divided his salary to all employees they'd receive an extra  10.80 A YEAR
 HolzMAS  suzi_kew  gravy_bacon  REDHOTTEXAS  davidmweissman  ConcernedHigh  cokey318  Bagatino  jane747  amazon… 
storytime: something similar happened to my mum yesterday at walmart
Should be home washing my hair but I'm at Walmart 🙄
some old guy at walmart walked passed me and said "wow, you're pleasing to look at" and smiled😩 he honestly made my whole day💗
She wearing Walmart baggies 
Citizen Sees What Muslim Welfare Queens Do At Walmart, Records Video For All to Watch | Opinion - Conservative

 jayteepee  realDonaldTrump  seanhannity  foxandfriends quick, run to the nearest Walmart and get a vaccine injecti… 
 Airuei if that walmart sells them ofc
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Tucson, AZ 
 suzi_kew  gravy_bacon  REDHOTTEXAS  davidmweissman  ConcernedHigh  HolzMAS  cokey318  Bagatino  jane747  amazon… 
I liked a  YouTube video TRICKS ON BIKES IN WALMART
 mad_isonnn Lmao they done walked to Hibbets, Walmart, the dollar tree 😂
My kids pull some shit like that they going wear some Walmart pink shirts and leggings and light up shoes
 ETDEUMPURITAS Now imagine if it were to happen at WalMart.
 jordanxbarnett Yeet, day 1 Walmart trip
 danielvankirk Theft Suspect Told Cops She Was "Too Lazy" To Pay For Stolen Sex Toys  DumbPeopleTown
 Wes10 can we meetup at walmart this weekend while im in greensboro fatty 🤧
Y'all ever seen that video of the white kids in Walmart who put in a porn CD at the stereo section 😂😂😂💀💀💀
 guyharveyy i have a Walmart toothbrush it's like  3
Niiice! Looking forward to the Transformers activations with Walmart! 
walked my ass all the way to the toy section at Walmart for a fidget spinner just to find out they didn't sell any I'm mad
I made 3 trips walking up 3 flights of stairs cos I decided I need to spend 200  at Walmart...
 melanieroseg Ross/Walmart.
Whoooooo, I need to go to Walmart to get them shorts fuck that 😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩
I'm walking around like a zombie in Walmart, I'm so tired 😞
 JoeDoggers  giselessecret  AlloccaMirella  donnascalise  metalheadjs Nite joe I'm just getting home from Walmart g… 
 jordanxbarnett Tryna give me a ride to Walmart?
Baby left in car at Walmart, dispatchers say 
I seen the funniest shit in Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Killeen, TX 
does anyone els shop at Walmart by their selves  ?
 Filmbaker I'm doing fine at the  Walmart at Belle Isle; it's not fully automated, but it wastes no time.
Niggas riding the handicap carriages at Walmart<<bleach
Two males attempted to flee from WCSO deputies after stealing games from Walmart. Both caught and arrested.… 
 SDD2K17 We can eat there and you can get ur nails done at walmart
Ladies, he buys your engagement ring from Walmart...you still saying yes?
It's Wednesday and i had to buy new underwear at walmart. The saddest part was I went up a size. Yes, that is the saddest part.
 HetheringtonPS  PlasticBagGrab Final drop off at Walmart. This is what 10 166 bags look like! 
Don't forget  LuchaDad is giving away a brand new copy of the  Walmart exclusive DVD  BooneTheBountyHunter 
I looked at a wet n wild palette at Walmart and I swear it was almost a dupe 
Trump s proof that the difference between being a billionaire and working at Walmart is an accident of birth
Ever since I discovered they sell fire sauce at Walmart, I eat it with literally anything😛
I need to go to Walmart but Manchester is scary at night alone so I can't. 🙃
 mamecastle Walmart has a good set of shears on sale till this Sunday. Lol
Forma para Chocolate Good Morning 2563... Apenas R 51.41 Acesse  Casa  oferta  desconto… 
BREAKING NEWS“HIV Virus” Found In Walmart Bananas After 10 Year Old Boy Agreements The Infection - The World Nature 
Starting to hate Walmart
 TaylorTilde Super shoes can get a little pricey, so I go to kleffles or Walmart for mine. I also heard Burlington has some now too!!
I can never get the bare minimum at Walmart, I always do too much 🙄😩
Was excited to see Blue Lizard at our new super Walmart!  BlueLizardSummer  itsthelittlethings 
Hmm, sound familiar?

Breaking > News:Baby left in car at Walmart, dispatchers say: A baby-  news 
Walmart has Disney Junior Doc McStuffins Talking Mobile ONLY  17.98 (Reg  50).... 
Only one hour left! Enter our  WalmartWednesday  giveaway by 11pm for your chance to  win a  Walmart gift card!
New Oroville Walmart Supercenter opens its doors for first time

Walmart Theft Suspect Told Cops She Was "Too Lazy" To Pay For Stolen Sex Toys | The Smoking Gun via  tsgnews
 FoodNetwork  altonbrown "I found this in the bargain bin at Walmart. The one who gets it will have to use it as TH… 
The garden section at Walmart is literally the best
 ItMakesMeSmileWhen I bought the new  rascalflatts CD  BackToUs at Walmart in Sudbury last weekend. I play the entire album last night.
 xx_dimple lmao man😭😭😭 I love Walmart
FDA Finds Majority of Herbal Supplements at GNC, Walmart, Walgreens, And Target Don’t Contain What They Claim –... 
I was at Walmart and used the useable marker paper to make art uwu  MamaMolidae 
Omg these kids in Walmart are about to drive me insane 🙄🙄
Think  Walmart is a digital challenger ? Then check out our latest  webinar  eCommercePlatform trends by WPP Salmon: 
 asmobu  bholtz_ Thanks! Get all my cat shirts from Walmart 😛
If this song don't make you fall in love with that person who smiled at you in Walmart   3:51am two months ago, Idk… 
On the lowest of keys, Walmart has some cute clothes
 alaskansharky  AniMiaOfficial  VampyBitme  JediManda  WindoftheStars  scruffyrebel  HollyConrad This one is a grea… 
 zbasham53  Peyton_J_Thomas The got the dynamic duo Kyle Kroger and Willy walmart 😂😂
I personally don't see this happening. The cost is still too high for SNAP users to make it useful. 
 Braungardtanner  you should do a walmart shenanigans
 LarryTBasher Walmart definitely
This is the most Walmart thing I've ever seen 
 whitedevil1492  CNN I bet you have an incredibly happy, beautiful, intelligent, captivating wife.Or does she spend… 
This is an assault Sophie. You can pick these up at Walmart for  175.99 with no background check. Absolutely sicken… 
LIKE, THIS IS AT THE ENTRANCE. IT'S TOTALLY A MINI MALL WALMART. A MINIMALLMART.

 COMMUNISM 
More like apocalypse walmart
 corylarrabee  Thank you ! Someone also said Walmart.
BIG congrats goes out to this couple who got engaged at the Camillus Walmart tonight. Thank you to my cousin for th… 
People talking about a tarjay or Walmart being in Blythe. The audacity to get these Blythe people's hopes up lol.
 lastcooldude one copy that's a part of one of those Walmart compilation dvd's
After work, I went grocery shopping at my local Walmart and towards the end I had enough money left over to get some deep conditioner
This is some  10 Walmart looking ass shit 
Tonight's pregnancy craving: POPSICLES! And I've got a sweet husband who's willing to go to Walmart at 9pm to get me some!  LJGetz87 😋😘
 LarryTBasher Or we can go to Walmart or 7/11.
 HaloTopCreamery I just saw this in my Walmart, but I didn't have enough money to buy me a pint T^T
Nigga just said "I knew I should of bought all the brooms at Walmart for this game" 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Drunk  Walmart someone help me, my keys are in the car.
I hate how genuinely happy I am to see my local Walmart be renovated into a super Walmart. Why am I like this
 _comtois Bombed Walmart 😪
When you park in the back of Walmart because you can't drive and all your siblings and your mom and dad. 
JAPANESE WALMART

 YOUNGAGEOFCONSENT 
You can find Deron Williams at your local Walmart bread aisle CAUSE HE'S BUNS
I need to go to Walmart 🙄
Finally paid my Walmart bill off !
When that Walmart commercial with the song "this is how we do it" comes on, and every in the house starts dancing!!! Lmao
 Peyton_J_Thomas What about Willy Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video  20 Walmart Ride Cymbal?!?!!
Are you really in Colorado if you don't see at least 5 guys wearing cowboy hats in Walmart
when you slip on a droplet of water at Walmart 
Well Walmart and Kroger are definitely going to fight this...

Rural stores depend on food stamps so there's no way… 
Go into the new Walmart for a couple things .. 200  later
 thetracej Yeah... I tried and failed. I blame the  5 Walmart umbrella I had
 connor0119 The other day we went to target, Kroger twice, and Walmart 3 times
Honestly hate Walmart but they the plug
*walks into Walmart*

"Hmm. Do I need a kayak?"

*rationalizes why I need a kayak*
 prettyytokyo It's a new Walmart still kinda clean still trash ass prices
Walmart always has gnarly shirts
Yo this dude really just offered free blow jobs in the garden center of Walmart over the P.A system
I heard  XHWefed closed down, but it's coming back as Xtreem Sports Department Wrestling. Only on Walmart network! 
I'm high ass hell walking through Walmart
ok cute ship walmart
Very disappointed with the sefvice provided by  Walmart managers 
Shurland & Dalfieri today ... both were of very little assistance 🙄🙄🙄
kids really go to walmart and play....
 EvoJaY_ Walmart they have the deals
Walmart boutta catch this lawsuit or my hands, whichever one they want . So pissed rn .
 PointingOut: How  Walmart Unlawfully Punishes Workers for Medical Absences  via  HuffPostBlog
 niatortilla  urbandoll I'm a little surprised ulta doesn't have it... neither does Walmart!
I'm tired of politics. Can't we just fire them all and fill their positions with Walmart greeters until next election? They can't be worse.
Dear  Walmart:Parking lot lights have been out 4 months & self-checkouts usually r broken, don't take cash, Beavercreek,OH store.Please fix!
 KayleeMontanaa Dang I just got back from Walmart
Yeah I'm a Star Wars collector and all but I'd never put a family's life at risk just over something you can find in an Aqueductian Walmart
Busy day today. Worked in the morning, saw  WonderWoman in the afternoon & had to deal w/ Walmart at night. Exhausted.
 Walmart Walmart tops Fortune 500 list despite 'hard times' faced ... 
 Aroberson12  5 Walmart gift card lol
I hate going to Walmart by myself.
I need friends down to hit Walmart at midnight without question
This dude comes back with different size clothes, and racked a 648.16 tab at Walmart. Lmao... he went over board 
I'm at Walmart in Mississauga, Ontario 
is it just me or does walmart actually have some really cute clothes?
 find_sasquatch  Walmart Just bought one of these for dinner, unfortunately we were underwhelmed. 3lb pizza, 2.5lb… 
I caught you cheating on me again and you get me kicked out of Walmart for what?  I lost my job because of you
 DomIzDope Lmao it's Walmart they acting like it's a club opening
Mane id feel like going to Walmart 🙄
bitch kylie didn't start shit my local walmart has had this shit for years smfh camo isn't a new thing 
some lady "catcalled" me at walmart
God bless Walmart and their cheap prices 🙌🏼
I threw up in the Walmart restroom and then just laid there... square definitely won round 1 
If El is God!         What is michae   Walmart Federal Way - 16th Ave S 
crying and driving isn't a good combination bc one second you're in ooltewah and the next you're in georgia at a walmart
walmart 
 itstaylordearth Look like she going on a trip to Walmart wth
 lizakoshy I saw these at  Walmart and I died laughing from one of your videos 😂😂❤️❤️ 
One more month until I can just walk into Walmart and buy myself a big ass bottle of moscato for a night!!!!
Went to Walmart and heard Mexican music on the speakers and I was looking around to see if I was tripping 💀
>leave home at 6am so dad thinks Im looking for a job
>go to Walmart and play wii sports in the electronic section for like 2 fucking hours
Home stretch to the Customer Service Counter... 😊 
Thank you Walmart for letting us in with all… 
When your dad sees  LukeCombsMusic at Walmart but doesn't get a picture. Don't worry he got some pretty rad sunglas… 
Call of the Day: A certain retailer traded since 1972 that's showing signs it can take on Bezos empire  Walmart  AMZN 
 Walmart Earnings Highlights and Review: Wal-Mart Exceeded Earnings Expectations;... 
Wal-Mart Stores Sees Unusually Large Options Volume  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Target of Unusually High Options Trading  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Sees Unusually Large Options Volume  Walmart  acn
The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life:  stocks  investing  trading  KO  Walmart  BRK-A  SPY  Apple  P&G
 SBUX  MSFT  Walmart:

Howard Schultz Has Something Left to Prove:


 Walmart  BRK-B:

7 Things You Need to Know About Finance and the Economy Today:


 JAMN.0006-Colorado-NEW-MMJ-Don't-MISS-it!  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S  GOOG… 
Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. Acquires 1,896 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Purchases 13,316 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
 AMZN  EBoeingY  Walmart:

Amazon Has Lent  1 Billion to Marketplace Merchants in the Last 12 …:


 AMZN  EBoeingY  Walmart:

Amazon loaned  1 billion to merchants to boost sales on its …:


Mycio Wealth Partners LLC Invests  266,000 in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
First Mercantile Trust Co. Sells 801 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores' (Walmart) Management Presents at Robert W Baird Global Consumer, MARC LORE E-comm Walmart CEO:  Walmart
 Walmart  BRK-B  Apple:

7 Things You Need To Know About Finance & The Economy Today:


 PRGE Enters  Cannabis market  ThursdayThoughts  GE  Walmart  Walmart  NFLX  Apple  SNAP  FB  GOOG  YHOO  reuters  otcmarket
Wal-Mart Stores’  Walmart Outperform Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company 
 stocktrading.Wal-Mart's Stock Will Break  90  DLTR  COST  AMZN  Walmart 
Explore  fundamental numbers and pros and cons for  Walmart 
 WallStJesus  wmt working on becoming an ecommerce boss. That purchase was significant, 10m… 
 Walmart Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association® for Walmart Wellness Day... - 
Casey’s General Stores Stock Fell after Soft Fiscal 4Q17 Results  CASY  CST  XRT  Walmart
 Walmart:

Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association:


Btw, Estimated  Earnings Per Share for  Walmart is  0.98 it's 1.24% of the current price 
Not sure what to do with  Walmart? Explore our  fundamental pros and cons.  
 AMZN offers ~50% off on Prime subscription to people on government assistance!
Targets low-income  Walmart customers


JAMN.0006-JAMMIN JAVA-Huge Rally TODAY-MMJ  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S  GOOG… 
Why Wal-Mart's Stock Will Break  90  Walmart 
On 2017-06-05, WALTON S ROBSON, Director, 10% Owner of WAL MART STORES   INC  Walmart, sold 3,221,265 shares at an average price of  79.54
... per share  for a total of  256,219,000.00. He  owns 120,318,879 shares of  Walmart  Common Stock following this transaction. 2017-06-07.
Alice L. Walton Sells 3,221,265 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stock  acn
S Robson Walton Sells 1,618,300 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stock  acn
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Director Sells  126,377,760.60 in Stock  acn
Alice L. Walton Sells 3,221,265 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stock 
S Robson Walton Sells 1,618,300 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stock 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Director Sells  126,377,760.60 in Stock 
 XOM  amzn  googl  AVGO  Apple  pfe  cvs  bac  td  Walmart  COST  WFC  jnj  GE  GS  tsla  utx  fb  JPM  dis  MCD  mo… 
Do you know that  WallStreet price for  Walmart is  80.49 
 Walmart Walmart tops Fortune 500 list despite 'hard times' faced ... 
LinkedIn  PLUG  Walmart  AMZN 
⚡REPEAT BULL SWEEPERS DETECTED IN  Walmart TODAY, TARGET JAN CALLS


 COTY  EL  AMZN  M  DDS  Walmart  TGT Make Up Your Dividend Growth Portfolio  brandpower 
 Walmart:

New Insider Filing on

10%+ Owner

WALTON ALICE L:


via  youtube  PLUG plus 80 more  Walmart sites is 400 million  PLUG Future revenues 
via  youtube  PLUG  Walmart Expanding 80 MORE SITES!!
 Walmart many of you already know this  Botarrelli but caught this EOD when 10,000 Jan 85 calls were purchased before t… 
