looking for a partner in crime at Walmart Mesa - W Baseline Rd 
I'm celebrating sending a single email by going to Walmart to look at socks. Just try to compete.  hashtag
 blackwidow5019 Awesome pick! Do you have blush to match? -Red
I need to go to Walmart
Whenever I go to Walmart high I always buy so much unnecessary shit
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market Liquor with  CricketRewards Download today!  
I just saw someone at Walmart wearing a Netflix shirt but the E was replaced with a U.  Humanity is doomed.
 quippednarry Right back at you! Which shade do you like the most? -Red
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  CricketRewards Download today!  
Leaving Walmart heading north on grand I seen some dude sitting on the hood of a van, lol he looked drunk haha I guess arguing
 samanthaestr_ "exposed at walmart" 😂
Enter to  win a  150  walmart  giftcard from  Earth_Balance &
 taste the  GoPlantMade difference!  sweepstakes 
 RIPMarkusJ  lilithlapine I first heard about him when he ended up holding a concert for an Alaskan Walmart. Also l… 
I was havin the best day yesterday .Watching cartoons, sat naked in a beanbag chair eating chips .Until walmart security asked me to leave.
 danielmontoyajr  Walmart At least you're not exhausted
 _MsbRaNdii_ Walmart bakery wouldn't answer and when I went they said they won't be able to have the cake ready tomorrow
I liked a  YouTube video BLEACHED EYES DISASTER • WALMART DELIVERY TIME
PEOPLE FIGHTING AT WALMART: via  YouTube
 KokonutRum 0....Walmart got some good ass cake
Is it really surprising that racists like the  Walmart rant woman feel entitled to spew hatred in  TrumpsAmerica?
 charli025  RomanAtwood Same when ever I were it through Walmart i get people saying "Nice Shirt"
 StephkaRiddle  flowerbeauty I've considered it I mean lol I just need to get my butt to a walmart 😅
myAppliances->Harter House continues traditional fundraiser for the Kitchen, Inc. -…… 
This dude said: 
"You look like you leave out of walmart with target bags"
Do I go back to sleep or take my ass to Walmart before it gets dark
 _b_squared__ this will forever be my favorite moment   Walmart ever. 
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 5/31/2017 
Walmart wifi sucks dick 🙃
After spending  400 on a Yeti cooler I'll be the guy to tell ya that a cooler from Walmart does better keeping ice...
i would give both of those ugly ass ronald mcdonald looking walmart bettas for Frosting back
walmart ranch wings are the bomb
 Walmart_Haircut  HereNorDare  AtlantaFalcons  MBStadium Now you're dick riding......
I hope  Vikkkki123 is enjoying her steak an good food while Im over here eatin a freaking sub from Walmart somethings wrong with this pic
 jackieelovezu_ Walmart
 Maybelline  Walmart  kirstenlazar it looks like they have paper white. Get on it. 😂
 Walmart The shade warm coconut !
I haven't done something alone in so long I'm at Walmart by myself and I feel like an unattended child
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance 
 danielmontoyajr  Walmart So you could say..... you're getting tired of waiting👀👀
I've been home since Sunday & all I've heard is how girls are getting kidnapped at Walmart, ppl are dying down the street, & .......
 DEMONxxPOX You will look even more fabulous! Glad you found a shade right for you. -Red
Walmart's online sales are exploding 
 Peter_The_Great Yeah by the Walmart
Lol😂😂  CuddleWithCozy y'all was really cutting up at the Walmart 😂 
 coldwctcrs So are you! Thanks for the ❤️. -Red
on a scale of 1 to 10 how pathetic would it be if i went and bought a birthday cake from walmart just to fucking eat by myself
walmart bathing suits cute this year 😻
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
Weis= 227:00 walmart= 127:00 feelings= pissed off 
Celebrate  CincoDeMayo to win an  OldElPaso prize incl a  250 Walmart GC from  MapleMouseMama CAN 5/29  Giveaway 
i got trapped in walmart w temi
*goes to Walmart an remembers fidget spinner* *can't find any* -_-_-_-_-
Bout to go to publix looking like a Walmart customer.
 Alisonnkingsley I'll go to Walmart Tommorrow don't play
 sadiecriswell  karsensational sorry for taking you to the worst Walmart ever :/
While many people have pondered why Walmart gets such an eccentric and eclectic clientele, a specific reason has... 
 Bitchacho97  Walmart  Target Duh who tries Walmart first? 😂
 its_Raly_Time en walmart
 DMo2010 Guessing Walmart makes more on the Organic milk than the cost of the normal Milk
In today's new blog post I argue that you shouldn't go grocery shopping. Here's why: 
Dropped 8 dollars at Walmart fuck God is good 🙌🙏🙏🙏
 Maybelline  Walmart I'm so happy I've been wanting to trying this for ages
I need to go to Walmart 🙄
 Maybelline  Walmart I THINK I SEE MY SHADE OMG FINALLY
Ahhh  walmart, where the only way to get fabric is to start screaming about a manager. HOW? How is it EVERY Walmart?
 _GibbyTorres lol Walmart gunna be chill and whataburger gunna be the fast pace job 🤷🏽‍♀️😩
Meanwhile in Walmart. 
WIN a  50 Walmart Gift Card 
Walmart can choke
 _amoafoa_ The wait is over! See a shade you like? -Red
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 TwitterMoments put me on twitter moments and I will scream "TWITTER MOMENTS! CHECK TWITTER MOMENTS" in Walmart :)
 theoneinonlyrgt  KangasMom1  O_Dolly  ShaunKing  Walmart It is what it is when you do it, but if we do it it's a hate crime Gtfoh
Walmart don't close for nothing
Overheard at Walmart: "then he said 'girl lemme suckle on them titties' SUCKLE."
The vast majority of low-wage workers still have no access to paid leave at all 
An awesome way to end the day...an Edwards S'mores Creme Pie!  WhyIPie  GotItFree  EdwardsDesserts  Walmart
lol at the woman who called the police on me   walmart for having an "attitude" last time i checked , it wasn't illegal.
 MelodyLayne68  perrytheironwo1  perrytheironwo1 I bet your punk ass shops at Walmart...haters gonna hate  deoppressoliber
 _marrick This nigga  alexsauerbuam about to get a Walmart credit card to get one 😂😂😂
I'm at Walmart with little sister and she says she wants  " popsicles but the FROZEN kind" 😂😂
 ElYonkiSano Our online team can check on this for your to make sure. Please contact them at -Pia
3yo:what was your favorite part of the day?

(We saw a parade, watched a movie, played, went shopping)

2yo:leaving  Walmart

 RealTalk
 Maybelline  Walmart bless up, now just do the same for the concealer 😩
 Walmart  Maybelline Coconut! :)
It's the time of year where I can go to Walmart in a durag with Adidas sandals and socks.
 eeemmmiiillyyyy My mom sold hers sold hers after having it jacked by two jackasses in a walmart parking lot
It's a whole Ass hurricane outside and mfs are still walking in Walmart ..
Told a lady   Walmart today "bless you" after her continuous sneezing in the check out line & her response was "do I know you? ... 🤦🏽‍♀️
Bear wanders into Walmart parking lot in Kentucky 
I've been buying RC Cola's from those vending machines when I go to Walmart lately.
 mcmclish I was doing it daytime and Walmart night time and on weekends, holidays were the worst I couldn't manage at all 😩
p2
ows
The Disease is spreading... Walmart to open in Pakistan. p2 ows
We are officially discontinuing the drone lift service for groceries. Costs too much to afford drones that get shot down every week, Sorry😐
 Miahraa_ Is there a particular one you're looking for? We can check a store for you if you want! -Red
 luciecmz  realDonaldTrump  FBI Closed Walmart with razor barbed wire
Kids ages 2 and 5 found locked in trunk while mom shops at Walmart: & 8216;My babysitter didn’t show up& 8217; - 
Right in the middle of the produce aisle, Frosty gets caught picking his nose.  Walmart 
 julieroginsky They r 5.00 at Walmart in the fly over states were life is a reality n not like ants in a enclosed w… 
 Maybelline  Walmart yeeeeesss! finally! bless you guys omg. x
 themoneyiowe I met him at a Walmart with my best friend. Got a signed 8x10. Only waited half an hour. He sang at D… 
I have to go to Walmart fml bbl
 baenfi  CNNPolitics Just because someone is a woman doesn't mean they get a free pass. This family is turning the White House into Walmart.
WalMart Customer Shoots, Kills Man for Stealing Diapers -- WTF?! 
I'm at Walmart in Williams Lake, BC 
 NyasiaKing Walmart most valuable employee right there ...
 WhyIPie GotItFree OwnTheOccasion  EdwardsDesserts,  Walmart: The S'mores Creme Pie was so amazing! So creamy and rich.
Someone go to Walmart w me
Went into a Walmart in Virginia and it was huge and nice! First words out of Trenton mouth was I feel like I'm at Joplin Mall😂😂  idiot
Ends 5-31  Enter to  win a  150  walmart  giftcard from  Earth_Balance &taste the  GoPlantMade difference!
Fuck a Walmart beef bitch I'm here to get a check 🤑
I get aroused just by lookin at Nae and it sucks 😞be in the middle of Walmart forced to hide behind stuff because she wanna breath n shit
 Walmart Back from the gym,sweaty and red.Go 2 the beauty product section & see a screen featuring me in the aisle,"You're being recorded!"
Witnessed a white woman telling a legal hispanic woman to deport herself at walmart. i hit her with some historical… 
Manahawkin Walmart frightens me more than the shadiest places I've been in DC
Is there any hell greater than an overcrowded Walmart?
 middleearthtri4 heb n walmart both suck ass bai
Bruh I can't be in Walmart during the daytime unless I'm lit. I hate seeing people I know.
Ends 5-31 Enter to  win a  150  walmart  giftcard from  Earth_Balance &taste the  GoPlantMade difference!
 NASCARONFOX Walmart on 18. I'm sure his bottle, binky, huggies and tissues are saving him a💰. Might've of finished… 
2 Self Fitness Adjustable Weighted Jump Ropes for  4 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Walmart get this problem fixed. 17030 US-441, Mt Dora, FL 32757.
That Walmart employee was OD and was like "someone got sprayed by a skunk"😂😂
 walmarthelp this (ANY of this) seem acceptable to anyone? Ridiculously disrespectful & in poor taste. 3x replies f… 
 Stiles_Dub Went to see the new Pirates movie at the new theater across from Walmart. It was so cold, but I instant… 
 DrKekker  animalofonline  GaySocialistCub  willmenaker You'll see.
The new Oreos will come to Walmart. 
And you wi… 
Walmart literally had ONE register open , I was literally shaking !!!
 cnn please investigate how  walmart is looting customers. 
Roteador Wireless Tp - Link TL - WR840N 
POR: R  69,90 

A drone crashed into our store today in the home goods department. Sold the camera and memory card to ISIS, but the drone is still for sale!
Pic out of Walmart in Red bank to the right. This storm is a monster, causing lots of damage. Phone is getting blow… 
GOING TO WALMART! (DAY 2) via  YouTube
Disappointed by the lack of Pride gear at my local  Target in Fayetteville, AR. There are proud people/supporters here too! One-up Walmart!
 rylikethebread1 Great finds! We're thrilled you found them in our store. -Red
the GOV'T does NOT want you to see!(WALMART-MART-LAW) via  YouTube  Veterans  Christian  Social  Scifi  Writer
 TheMangoViking I threatened to buy it from Walmart and lied that they had stock, but I wanted to get the powerup p… 
Maybe when I get off from work tomarrow I'm heading off to Walmart to a get a picture frame:)
In  China, Walmart is not only betting on e-commerce, it’s betting on a top Chinese e-commerce giant, 
Or just don't shop at Walmart with the rest of the racists. 
My older sister just went to walmart with the sole purpose of buying a fidget spinner
 Maamas_ Nah they played tf outta me 😂 it's at Walmart 😛
 walmarthelp another laughable response from  Walmart. Let me reiterate for you... employee says "management DISAPP… 
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
 bluewolfanimate *throws you into a Walmart*
Catch me in the Walmart parking lot blasting Dirty Laundry and making a goddamn fool of myself.
 Win  15 Walmart gc or PayPal Cash  DadsDayHop  pamelamaynard  petpalooza2 
WHAT IM HEARING IS IN KEOKUK IA AT THE AREA WALMART A MAINTNENCE WORKER NAME WALTER WHITSON  1431 HAS PASSED AWAY... 
i haven't washed my hair,,,i look like a homeless person,,,but i need to go to walmart so here i go
Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart via  yahoo
it's so many weirdos at walmart i swear 🤦🏽‍♀️
 jcwcelb Walmart in Bloomington IL. I think Meijer is the same price.  lossleader
 PodcastingCouch  JoshG0151  Mr_CallumWright no one does. Walmart employees denied union protection need fed assistance yet Walton
 Maybelline  gabrielzamora  Walmart Both skinny legends
 zoey_robinson_ On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when complained… 
FREE Sargento Snack Bites at Walmart +  1.57 Moneymaker!! via Everyone Loves Couponing - You ... 
so incase anyone was wondering what me and B bought at walmart today...😂 it was a phone mount that doesn't stay!!!!… 
 Brown___Beautii  __theregoesDEE On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunde… 
Best Deals At Walmart This Week! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Best Deals At Walmart This Week! ... 
 Maybelline  Walmart Nothing is ever light enough for me so if the lightest shade is I will literally throw a party… 
 lisacat_1  pamelamaynard On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when… 
Hey. I wrote an article. Want to see it? Here is goes: 
Am I really about to drive all the way to Walmart for this  HaloTopCreamery ice cream? 😩🤔I think I am
TAKE ACTION: Tell  Amazon  HomeDepot  Walmart to stop selling  MonsantoCo's Roundup!  resist  regenerate  banRoundup
 ShaunKing  Walmart Racist Pigs like this feel empowered by Trump's election. Sad, and CRIMINAL!
 LeftIsEvil3 they at walmart lol thats where i got mines
Saw a women open carrying a S&W 500 at Walmart. Like what are you protecting against? A bear? Rhino?
 Maybelline  Walmart If the lightest shade is super light then I will literally cry
 HollyLeid On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when complained.… 
 LividEmerald  BrianRathbone On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded wh… 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 __theregoesDEE Lol you'll be alright,  you started Walmart ?
 buIborb  bonditooth On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when compl… 
my dads gone into walmart, locked me in the car and taken the keys its 30 degrees and i have no air con or windows open HELP
Video of racist encounter at Arkansas Walmart goes viral.. Related Articles: 
 Mikayla_Teresa  MorganSorensen_ On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunde… 
Earn up to 4% cash back from Walmart with  TopCashBackUSA via  TopCashBackUSA
I SAW THIS RED HEADED DADDY IN WALMART AND I WANT HIM ......IN ME
 CNN Walmart...
 squidkneeecruz On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when complained… 
This hour off my feet is amazing😌😍 Walmart too damn big man😩
 Maybelline  Walmart Ohhh pleeaaaaaasee tell me that the new shades Will be available in France too(once upon a tim… 
 ptvashleey On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when complained.… 
Pls nobody go to Walmart bc I'm on my way there and I look A MESS
 ButtyHolly1 On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when complained.… 
 nsmp13 On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when complained.… 
(KMBC)  Authorities identify man killed at  Raytown Walmart, say he tased Jackson County.. 
How 8 Industry Leaders, Including WalMart, Use  blockchain to Revolutionize Business 
 BamCabral  ShaunKing On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when comp… 
How 8 Industry Leaders, Including  WalMart, Use  Blockchain to Revolutionize  Business  Inc… 
 ShaunKing I thought you might appreciate some additional context/backstory: 
Went to switch my car's rear deck speakers today, should've taken an hour. 3 Walmart trips and 6 hours later I'm finally done...😂
On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed  17.96,charged  20.28. Refunded when complained.  fraudwalmart 
They need to build a Chick-fil-a by Walmart 😪
 walmarthelp How much do y'all sell a Samsung Galaxy J7?I want to purchase a new phone.My Zip Code is 55411, Minnea… 
 ShaunKing Hi. You posted last week about the incidence of racism at Walmart in Centerton, AR last week, wanting the banning of customer +
 Speedkicks Yes bruh I checked 7 different Walmart....
how I'm tryna be but walmart be hating 😪 
Walmart bags. Otherwise what would we pick our dog crap up with.  UnderratedThings
Fidget spinners now have taken over the walmart near me, WHERE HAVE THEY NOT GONE TO?!
sittin here thinking about going to walmart bc im bored but i literally just got back from walmart
went to  Walmart to pick up item listed instock online, asked for help, employee said "do you believe everything you see online." excuse me?
I don't think I can handle another trip to Walmart.
DrinkWell Gina Drinks: Chocolate, wine and plenty of Love - The News-Press… 
Walmart 🔆
If you pierce your nipples I highly recommend getting Zip-up sports bras from Walmart. They'll save you.
Love my new tropical tumbler from walmart perfect for the pool.  walmart  tumbler  tropical 
Why is everyone at Walmart 😂😂
 Ardhen723 The way it is now hurts companies, Walmart found that out raised wages stores cleaner more ppl spend money there
nine in the afternoon is playing in this walmart rn i'm dying
remember when i found afycso at walmart and i screamed as loud as i could in the aisle
 BookeeB I'd say let's go tonight but I spent too much money at Walmart 😂😂
😑   Walmart Winchester - Bypass Rd 
You guys I saw someone who looked like Ari at Walmart I am shooketh
 MisterHijinx  PheenX I couldn't tell. I saw that when I went to Walmart
So I'm telling my trainer how I overheard this woman in Walmart talking to her husband about my butt.
I entered the  Go&GrowAtWalmart &  SheSpeaksUp giveaway for a Walmart gift card. 
went to walmart for razors, paper towels, and aluminum foil and left with that plus  30 of stuff for the cats.
My question is Walmart or Ballsmart
WEN Rotary Tool Kit w/ Flex Shaft, Accessories & Storage Case  14.84 ~ Walmart or Amazon 
My ass it too damn poor to say anything but target or Walmart clothes that are on sale or clearance 
U KNOW HOW MANY WALMART PICS I BERN THRO FOR 1 
 by_primus  Walmart  IamKassie2you Yup.started bout a Year ago With these F'r's Called Chase Bank  !!!!
 Maybelline  Laura88Lee  Walmart Are they also available outside the U.S.,? Mexico for example... :)
Deals – GreenWorks 7-Amp Single Speed Electric 160 MPH Blower  20.27 + Free Store Pickup at… 
 Maybelline  Walmart Shade variety is cool but testing on animals isn't 🤷🏽‍♀️ nice try though, maybelline
en walmart
 ShaunKing  Walmart I wanna slap that racist bitch and hug the women she was mistreating
Only at Walmart 😂✌🏻❤️  LoganPaul
It says Logan Paul 
I liked a  YouTube video Waterproof Fire?! | 10 Useless Walmart Items!
 kctimtim1 Brother, so they're shooting folks at WalMart?! 👀👀👀
One person killed after off-duty Jackson County Deputy involved in shooting at Raytown Walmart  OIS  HiTechCJ 
eBay: Valentine Bear With Red Heart Walmart 36" NWT Teddy White  teddybears  plush 
A little preview of things to come if Republicans get their way and repeal Obamacare. 

Walmart has stepped their game up and I'm OBSESSED 😍  KrazyCouponLady 
Walmart’s future in China increasingly depends on a single Chinese company 
 PeoplesAnthony  Walmart Oh dear, doesn't sound like a great start in a new city.  Hopefully it will get better, if not, report them.
Walmart, where you save money and live better so they pay their workers less so they live better.
 Nudah go to walmart or record a porno w  Tenser
Nothing stresses me out more than a Walmart parking lot
I just witnessed a woman breastfeeding her baby out in the open while walking around Walmart
S/o to Pitbull for selling his cologne at Walmart
 MorganSorensen_ I was so angry. it took all I had not to break down into tears in the walmart parking lot.
 Walmart Not yet, haven't been to the store.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Funday Friday Vlog: Creation Edition (Walmart Shenanigans)
 MikeyMoo_JBC  WorldStarFunny "lets get kicked out of walmart"
 mcspocky  sadiesnanny59 Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!!...
or maybe just jobs? there's always unemployment? or Walmart, right g… 
I just witnessed a woman breastfeeding her baby out in the open while walking around Walmart 😭😂
 bonditooth I got them at walmart lol
This lady really complained at Walmart because they were playing Spanish music and she didn't understand it. Stupid.
 Walmart what's up with the melted plastic/copper wire & making the batteries overheat? Hazard! 
I trust Walmart having more than one lane open,  than to ever trust someone like you again.
 Maybelline  Walmart this is a great brand to use!
 sundnce99  kribbypantera  ShlomoIndiana  MarianneHofer  cibersuedoe  MarkRocon  KarenBaylis2  RoryGilligan1… 
in walmart restroom and the custodian is only letting people in if they aren't trans and keeps making vile comments.
I went into  WalMart for some  whippedcream for davecarlinroxx, I… 
 BrianRathbone It never pays to be a WalMart employee on Black Friday.
 Gifts  Cards Walmart Wii Gift Card No   Value Collectible Lego 2013 Marvel  Coupon… 
 BCAppelbaum I met a person today at Walmart that said "Now that Trump is in, things will get better"........Really !!
Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart 
Time to make this money hope everyone has a blessed day 💋💋   Walmart Happy Valley 
 ShaunKing  Walmart Wao all I have to say is look at what TrumpAmerica is. Is this what our founding father's wante… 
 Maybelline  Walmart YESSS WORK
Last of the Lego clearance at Walmart Oswego, NY 
Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart

She is being held on suspicion of ch… 
I need to go to Fucking Walmart to finish my work and you sit here and watch a Fucking Adam Sandler movie and tell me to wait til it's ovet
 niinaa______ TY for getting back to us about it! Go to: to submit your concerns. -June
 Walmart The killers are on now. I'm going to target.
I'm weak thinking about my full body nudes in Walmart..  we had so much fun lol
Wal-Mart exclusive Kong Skull Island DVD. 
Lady at the register. You're in your work shirt why are you shopping at Walmart. Best Buy doesn't sell tampons.  ImGrumpy
 ReTweet  VideoGame  XboxOneS   XboxOneS with Your Choice of Bonus Game 
Now to make a Walmart trip to get lunch/dinner stuff for my babe & then continue to catch up on my shows. 

Happy Memorial Day! 🇱🇷
i always feel mildly unsafe every single time i go to walmart
me: i should go to baby walmart
me   myself: did you mean, download some albums and not go to baby walmart
me: yes
Most guys are as appealing to me as a stale piece of walmart brand bread
2 Tone Fitness Adjustable Beaded Jump Ropes for  4 + pickup at Walmart 
Idk if it's possible to hate someone w/o knowing them, but I'm just saying the guy in front of me at Walmart is buying Tito's and La Croix
 Maybelline  Walmart Yet you still test on animals
 Walmart who do I contact regarding a serious issue? Børns is playing at one of your stores currently, I need it to stop immediately
shoplifters must don't go to the walmart in central, walk in that bih & it look like they just finished stocking, find er'thing you need😂😂😂😂
Target or Walmart 🤔
 Maybelline  Walmart what's the 4th shade on the white girls arm called??
 sladewilson79 I went to Walmart  2 after the movies and they didn't have the super hero display so I'll go to Walmarat  1 later in the week
 TheSkeletonPony Turtle beach recon thing from Walmart 50  
Happy  MDW2017 to me 🙌🏻🙌🏻 found these  Maybelline goodies  Walmart today! 
Police: Woman shopped at  Walmart while 2-year-old & 5-year-old were locked in trunk 
Walmart is empty right now  blessed
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
Walmart Playing.
I've shopped at Ross, Walmart, goodwill y'all gotta learn a price tag doesn't determine if it looks nice lol
 theyluvthacurls We couldn't be happier to hear that! Have you picked your favorite shade yet? -Red
Oh no, Walmart gave me a credit card. :D
 Maybelline  Walmart I'm in  Walmart a couple of times a week so I guess I'll be playing the matching game… 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
okay im going to walmart right now hopefully they arent sold out or anything
 Faystate21 Walmart is selling flat screen tv's for the low low because smart tv's are replacing them so go get you a tv  faystate21
 Houghlin_27 Then go to Walmart and buy that shirt? Easy.
I think I'm going to Walmart to get me hot Cheetos and a dr. Pepper and just watch Netflix for the rest of the night! Sounds amazing 😍
Sooo all the fine men work at walmart 🤔
I want to go to Walmart.
Join 5 people right now at "Printable Coupon:  0.75 off Lysol Automatic Toilet Bowl Cleaner + Walmart Deal -…… 
TAKE ACTION: Tell  Amazon  HomeDepot  Walmart to stop selling  MonsantoCo's Roundup!  resist  regenerate  banRoundup 
Never Go To Walmart: via  YouTube
Walmart 2 Tone Fitness Adjustable Beaded Jump Ropes  3.94 (1.97ea) Or 2 Tone Fitness Speed Jump Ropes  3.98…… 
 pappu_pedia  Walmart  fraud see how  walmart cheats its customers 
The First Years Colorful Stack & Count Cups: 2-Sets for  3.62 at Walmart or 1-Set for  1.80 Amazon add-on item…… 
*2 girls fired up about something, exiting walmart in front of us*

B: ooh, what are we mad about?! 

 hatersgonnahate
 Reuters I see a future walmart greeter
 Maybelline  Walmart Is this available in the UK???
Deals – WEN Rotary Tool Kit w/ Flex Shaft, Accessories & Storage Case  14.84 ~ Walmart… 
Waved and said hi to a baby at Walmart

It said "no" and immediately looked away

........yeah me too
Mother-of-two 'locked her kids  inside of her car trunk so she could go shopping at Walmart' 
Happy Memorial Day! This is me being as American as I can in a Walmart in front of a carbonated calorie display! 
Nah they played tf outta me 😂 it's at Walmart 🤗
FREE Walmart Baby Box + FREE Shipping! 
 autumn_0207 For the love of baby Jesus find a different recipe I don't want to go to Walmart for a stupid onion
 katiemjy  WesSmith123 Walmart clothes cause some vets are not eating??? Ridiculous
 _AshleyXOXO Drugstore you can't go wrong w Ardell or Eyelure you can get those at ulta or target or Walmart then h… 
Dark  stormclouds  walmart  iphone7plus   Walmart Rock Hill - Old… 
 Maybelline  Walmart I need to figure out my shade
 Maybelline  Walmart this is so good
Jess was on 10% while on ft and didn't have a charger so he drove to WalMart and back and made it back with me on facetime still at 1%
you know it's a successful walmart trip when you don't see a single person you know
The VIDEO the GOV'T does NOT want you to see!(WALMART-MART-LAW)(2017) via  YouTube
How 8 Industry Leaders, Including WalMart, Use Blockchain to Revolutionize Business | 
so i was in walmart in self checkout lane an i peeped these ppl staring at me while i was checking out like i'm stealing or somethin...
might hop up in walmart and get those  2.50 shorts
The First Years Colorful Stack & Count Cups: 2-Sets for  3.62 at Walmart or 1-Set for  1.80 Amazon add-on item… 
 Walmart  why have 26 registers and only 6 open? Over 20 people per line!!! Your budget cant be that low for labor you motherfuckers bank
My fellow cookevillians: if you see me in walmart rn and are like "should i say hi to her?" the answer is probably no. I do not exist ok
 Maybelline  Walmart Why did the video need to be that long?
 Iovecmb does your walmart not have a produce?? 😳
today my grandma fought with me and almost cried in walmart because i told her i was adopting a kitten...
 Bougie_mxdChick Oh. That's weird. My friend got one from Walmart for  299 during the Memorial Day sale. I'm glad y… 
hopefully they have these two in stock at my local walmart 
 AmorseMorse if i get to walmart yes
 OriginalScuba  CorgiKohmander  OriginalFunko  Target  Walmart Dat Groot! I was lucky enough to score one on Target's website.
what kind of walmart has peaches 
lol rip i need to go in walmart but i don't have a bra
 Maybelline  Walmart Yessssss, I can add more shades to my kit now, look at all those colors! Fav foundation on the… 
Door Alarms - 
 Iovecmb i smelt peaches yesterday as i walked into walmart and omg 😍
D.C.’s first Walmart is real—and it’s spectacular, says  mattyglesias. via  slate
Weyland-Yutani gets bought out by Walmart. LMAO.  AlienResurrection
 dean_dingus Wait, is this in an official employee guide for Walmart?
Do you really feel better than Walmart to spend 20 more dollars on a shirt?
 Maybelline  Walmart I'm not even joking  Maybelline THREE shades!!!!!!!   fitmefoundation 
Wal-Mart Confucius say...   Walmart Braden River 
 Maybelline  Walmart Happy me 😊
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Pacsun has a Coors t shirt for 30 dollars, you can buy a Coors shirt from like Walmart for 10 bucks. What is wrong with people?
 marino_lori  WorIdStarFunny  SensuaIPix Ok next time we go to Walmart lol
I liked a  YouTube video What to do with your old Walmart pool
The one time I go to Walmart looking like shit I see a really hot guy. Story of my life 🙄
Diamond Select Rainbow Dash appears at Walmart: The Play-Doh ponies appeared on Amazon a while back that...
Sad day when I can't even go to Walmart without being harassed and followed by 50 year old men
My son Aussie: Going to Walmart is like going to the human zoo.
just spent over an hour in walmart and i'm not even ashamed  peopleofwalmart
Tell  Walmart CEO Doug McMillon: Families deserve paid leave! Sign here:  workersrights  WalmartWomen  OURWalmart
 UcheBangBang ... and in Walmart
Walmart resupply with other hikers 
Walmart resupply with other hikers   Walmart Unicoi 
I want a life time supply of Walmart wings
my family is convinced we live rural. if you live within 10 min of a Walmart, you're not rural. face it. you live in suburbia.
 carlyjacobs_ i got mine at walmart!
Walmart has rlly cute bathing suits 😍
Male charged after Walmart assault on Good Samaritan | 
this is why target will always be better than walmart  complementaryslay 
long story short: Derriann just almost fought the walmart employees bc they wouldn't let me buy Mortal Kombat X bc I didn't have my i.d.
So, who is the genius that thoug.t it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on tde bottom shelf at Walmart?
i have to go to baby walmart and buy a shitload of stuff and i super don't want to
 Walmart  well guess what?!! After 30 min there is NO  nohelmet policy it was made up!!! Surprise!!!
so mad my phone died in walmart bc i saw like 6 of the cutest old men
 booberlee  Walmart Looks like there's 102 Fair Porcelain and 105 Fair Ivory. So you could check out the 102.
when i come to walmart looking the most busted that's when someone tries to lay the mack down. never when I'm in formation.
 EROCKhd Lol saw a bigger version of that doughnut yesterday at Walmart
FREE Sargento Snack Bites at Walmart +  1.57 Moneymaker!! -  couponers  couponing  couponingcommunity
 twrealreviews  MrPeanut  WuTangClan  Walmart  Mets come get your fan!! He  buggin!
Because not everyone has time to S'More from scratch, easy tasty and summery   WhyIPie  GotItFree  OwnTheOcxasion  EdwardsDesserts  Walmart
 gwenxrivera Omg bitch catch me at Walmart asap
Cashier at Walmart to guy in line:how are you doing today sir?
Guy:I woke up this morning so I would say pretty well! 
~I want that attitude
Best Deals At Walmart This Week!  Instagram  Penny_Pinching_Bargain_Bunch  Walmart  walmart
 Maybelline  Walmart Thank u
Detroit Lakes Walmart back open after reports of bomb threat - Valley News Live 
This is great but the struggle of living in Canada is that you'll only find the shades on the left arm at Walmart 🙄 
Why the hell is my A'ma showing me Walmart memes? ON MY DAY OFF?

Like what did I do to deserve this?
 twrealreviews  MrPeanut  WuTangClan  Walmart Is that a  GameDutches in the left?? Hahahaha
so i'm at walmart and i saw an old man sign to a worker and they signed back and led him somewhere and now i'm crying in the aisle
 Maybelline  Walmart Are you sending the darker shades to Australia? We can never find a fit here because retailers… 
Bic Soleil Disposable Razors Just  0.27 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Bic Soleil ... 
Walmart Books: World's fastest growing 12 step group.  nascar  chi  hou  mo  or  phi  mexicocity
memorial day  clade5 2017   Walmart Myrtle Beach - Kings Rd 
 Maybelline  Walmart ...can you make them available in all countries? I can't find a suitable shade for my skin tone here, they are too dark
Walmart's online sales are exploding via  bi_contributors
I SAW THOSE AT WALMART TODAY AND I CHOKED 
 pastymexican714 Walmart door greater. You get to see some real winners.
 Maybelline  Walmart COMEEEE THROUGH !!! YAYYY THIS MAKES ME HAPPY ❤️🤝
Perler Beads 5,000 pc Glow in the Dark Bucket only  7! (Reg  19.99) via Price Match at Walmart, ... 
 MiamiNice57  sahluwal  POTUS Ok so you know where Walmart is went shopping bought a pair of camo pants.... try looking for men's section...
Nigha just got busted at the Central Neighborhood Walmart tryna shoplift some Henn 😔😔😭😭😭😭😭
Spotted at Walmart: MAYBELLINE Colorsensational Matte Metallics Lipsticks 💄💋I kind of want all of these! 😍… 
How tf does Walmart not sell long sleeves smh
At walmart w/ my daddy
Really sad that I can't even go to Walmart (mid day) without feeling unsafe
 NowPlaying Walmart - See How Saving Money Just Got Easier  ListenLive: 
Tell me why I can go to Walmart and get 6 pack for 8  but fuck around and go to a bar and spend 5  on one damn beer
i told my dad i gotta go to walmart to buy stuff but really im just buying slime ingredients
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Vancouver, WA 
Someone at Walmart stopped me just to tell me how healthy my groceries are. I wasn't sure how to respond to that...
Being in Walmart just not for people like me
 wordfor2day I'm at Walmart getting my tire plugged.
You might be at the ghetto Walmart when you're driving through the parking lot and a  dude walks up to your truck asking if i got a lighter
I want food but the dentist is at walmart
 JosephSchraderZ  kurteichenwald  EWErickson CA proud. I don't think the state who gave birth to Intel, Apple, Orac… 
Woman Shopped At WalMart While Children 2 5 Locked in Trunk WATCH at: 
Best Deals At Walmart This Week! 
Spotted at Walmart: MAYBELLINE Super Stay Matte Ink 💋 
 jackieaina Seriously going to probably hit up  Walmart today to go check this out. Must see!
Yoooo look at what I found in a magazine at Walmart 😍 
I have yet to find a  tacobell  tacobell that makes better bean burritos than the one In  pittsburgca  pittsburg  californina by Walmart.
"we madeout in the catfood aisle of Walmart" guess the friend
 Maybelline  Walmart Can you PRETTY PLEASE label these shade swatches? :)
 DianaSpatz  dbjbundy  Hxllyyweed  focus3d2succeed  antoniodelotero  ShaunKing  Walmart You are completely insultin… 
 JawanzaCW Maybelline's website has a way to find the perfect fit for you! Once you find the right one, we can find it in a store. -Red
Walmart has a good selection 
When I was 16 I met a boy at WalMart- 16 yr me thought he was *so cool.* He moved to Tx. 3 years later, meet his bff in college  lifeisweird
i'm finna throw on anything to go to walmart & get gas
Kroger experience 8/10. Aisles were too small and the people were too fat. They smelled better than the Walmart people so whatever.
I finally memorized the drive to Walmart, but probably because I'm there just as much as I used to be at the big HEB 😬
Shout out da women in stores wear n tights with nice body's alway see them look at the windows b4 they go in lol at da pk lot walmart
that's really amazing. this is a great foundation too and it's only  5 at walmart 
Walmart has really nice clothes tbh
Walmart to ban a woman who told a customer to "go back to Mexico." The woman's racist rant has gone viral.… 
can not wait to get up tommorow going to walmart to look for a friend
 uxjobs (Bay Area) Senior User Experience Designer (- Walmart eCommerce - San Bruno, CA 
No matter where I go, the only constant in my life is Walmart
Walmart out here selling Blue microphones and price matching with Amazon 😏
I'm broke I shop at Walmart 
 YeaHesSLIME Lol they my beach shoes or my I gotta run to Walmart shoes 😂
 WORLDSTARC0MEDY  Walmart hire this dude
There should be an observation deck at Walmart.
Pretty sure date night isnt going well when couple finds out movie is sold out and he says "wanna go to Walmart?"
 Thomas1774Paine Well said well said a walmart employee woul suffice
 bthdonohue Ditto except Walmart amirite?
Walmart Unadvertised Deals 5/28 - 6/3 - Lots of Freebies - 
Today I went to Walmart to buy posters. I got what I  thought was a Stars Ep 4 Posters, but when I unrolled it, it was a surprise Grumpy Cat
Kit para Barbear Dr. Jones The Shave Bo... Apenas R 132.00 Acesse  FiqueLinda  oferta… 
If there's ever a game of hide n seek in Walmart I'm hiding in the middle section cuz  no one enters the middle 😂
Saw this guy in the Walmart parking lot. 
This is what it's like to wait for someone to check… 
 JawanzaCW Sorry, but we're married to our great savings. We appreciate the proposal, though! -Red
A mother was arrested after allegedly locking her kids inside the trunk of her car to shop at Walmart.… 
Does anyone in Walmart work in the gun section 😑 ?? Yall need to be fired i been waiting here a hour
So Walmart is more important than your kids she's such a dumbass sorry excuse for a mommie. 
Me dragging  sam_alender to Walmart every night last semester 🤗 
Nothing for you! 🤗 
Stop by  WalmartCanada for our Dream Waves  Beach  Spray:  MarcAnthonyHairCare
 FredKirkey1  4_sixteen  CTVNews Walmart consciousness
 teoseeo  QwertyJones3  Walmart  WalmartCanada This is legit the dumbest thing on this entire website.
 SoDamnTrue  bwunny321 Walmart aprently
Here👉🎉  Toddler  Instruments🎼 familyfun
😞 WTF -WalMart Customer Shoots, Kills Man for Stealing Diapers -- WTF?! via  jasminesanders
 Walmart still waiting for your management to produce this magical  Nohelmet policy? 25 min now. Guess it was so important that it takes 25!
 Nudah Doing random funny shit in Walmart to get kicked out
 seebertooth  Target It's walmart without the rednecks! What's not to like about it :D  TargetLovesCanada
The Kingwood Walmart is a lot like the buckwheat festival but with a roof 🤦🏻‍♂️😅😂
The one place I have the most road rage is in a Walmart parking lot 
😒
People piss me off
putting on my nice ankle support socks so i can fuck this walmart up with my facebook friends
 PinkWITFreckles Lol what I expect when u telling them bout they Walmart t shirt
Stacey and I are in Walmart right now and I can't believe the vile creatures surrounding me.
Privilege ≠ Wealth.... Walmart is the largest employer in a lot of these hick towns, crackas be strugglin too... 
 CatherinVaritek My mother in law swore by it....
I heard Blackberry Smoke playing in Walmart just now. Its 2017 and I like what I hear in Walmart better than what I'd hear on the radio dial
You know you don't live in the ghetto anymore when Walmart doesn't make you pay for certain things before the real checkout lol
Me- I'm about to get something from Walmart, you need anything. 

(Expecting my mom to say no) 

Mom-oh yea let me… 
 sithflower  luminosiiity  urbandoll But make sure to get the one made for oily skin cause there's one for dry skin… 
Dab tools and container found at Walmart... 420 culture is hitting the Mainstream folks.
They got a Jehovah's witness lady in Walmart walking up to everybody 💀, nigga cant even shop in peace
 Retweet  BabyBedding  Baby Activity Sheets 8 count 
Where are the moles gonna be planted? Not all white supremacists are KKK members. Whole Foods? Walmart? Churches?
Keranique at CVS, Sephora, or Walmart? - 
life update: Almst cried in a walmart bathroom today
 GoodHumorGrl I regret not buying donuts while I was at Walmart yesterday.   fatgirlwantsdonuts
This Town’s Walmart Was ABoeingNDONED. What They Did Inside? Oh. My. Gosh!!!
Walmart online 
5 winners will  win a  25 Walmart GiftCard hosted on  TheAnnMarieJohn. US - 05/12  Giveaway  TryOREOChocolate 
Girl at Walmart saw me buying glasses & said "What's wrong baby, you can't see?" I see you getting on my nerves. Shoo fly.
At Walmart in tell city. Going to be back soon with a GTA V video to upload. Hope you enjoy the Minecraft video I posted. Thanks bye
 GraysonDolan So I Was At Walmart and..I Think I'm Seeing Things... 
Some cashier at Walmart was being racist to my mom and my mother shut her ass up lol
 sergebomba I saw the complete series was like  35 at my local Walmart last night
 Health Walmart offers two Tone Fitness Adjustable Beaded Jump Ropes for  3.94. (Add the required… via  Shareaholic
Y'all don't tell Walmart Rocstar is asking for too much when another GTA drops, y'all line up and drop stacks.
 Fit Walmart offers two Tone Fitness Adjustable Beaded Jump Ropes for  3.94. (Add the required minimum of two to…
I need a boat I've outgrown my inflatables from Walmart
Garnett killed dylon Hoover at Walmart  2017Sohs   7pm
Bruh why is it so freaking hot at Walmart omg
 crehage  SlagOffTwits  Chris_arnade which led to record profits for Walmart (which paid millions to the Clintons,… 
 Anklerollguard the BEST in ankle protection! Purchase at  giveaway
 Nudah Just fuck around in walmart
 ReTweet  CatFood  9lives  CatFood 
 cultofdusty Stop , retire and go work at Walmart
My plans to go get drinks fell through so now I get to go to Walmart, but useless things and grab a bottle of wine✌🏾
Nothing like buying cheap Chinese made American gear from WalMart and walking past the 75 year old  Vet greeter.
THIS IS SO CREEPY I WAS NEAR WALMART💀💀💀 
...a special treat after your shift at Walmart! 
Our tax dollars support Walmart's bottom line. Why do we allow this? 
People act like they've never seen side boob at Walmart smh.
FREE Walmart Baby Welcome Box 
How did I miss this? Confirmed: Walmart has acquired womenswear site ModCloth via  techcrunch
You didn't grow up in a small town if you didn't go to Walmart for fun "because you were bored."
HUGE Savings on Energizer Max Batteries at Walmart! Get 2 8 Count Packs of AA for just  1.88!  ad
 Walmart where is your 
 Nohelmet sign?? 
Nigga just told me he can teach me something 😭😭😭🤔 let me get the fuck out of Walmart I ain't got time
What's With This Walmart Fish?! 
 Walmart where is your  No helmet sign?? 
I would pay to see 2 women fight at Walmart before I would pay to see any baseball or basketball players fight each… 
 amy_black23 I bought 6 of his early cd's for my pick up for  5 ea at Walmart!
 NFL  Ike_SwagginU  XavierRhodes29_  devontafreeman  dak This list is absolute garbage. Your NFL "insiders and expe… 
Walmart was out of Tom's so I bought this very instagram looking, affordable toothpaste THIS IS FROM WALMART. Prove… 
 themvamp Sksblwnwjw buy bandaids at walmart pls
At Walmart paying for  40 worth of candy and bubbles in singles acting like I don't have a whole essay to write
do - better customer service and they know your community better then Walmart... 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Oklahoma City, OK 
It's sad when you go to the 2 best places to buy electronics and they don't have the cable you need, but Walmart does
no cloud i will not drive you to walmart to buy eyeliner
Anxiety is so much fun. Just been sitting in the Walmart parking lot trying to get myself to go into the damn store for too long now😂😭😭😭
some1 go to walmart w me
I liked a  YouTube video ASKING Walmart ABOUT SKATE 4 😱
PUT ME ON 💯 Walmart
Walmart a cool place really you see some shit here
Me and Rosalie's idea of date night is going to Walmart to get snacks
 scottisbald  jairus_robinson  therealelp  KillerMike  runjewels Walmart used to carry special censored versions of… 
 Coupons  GiftCards Walmart   400 Gift Card NEW FREE SHIPPING !!  Coupons  GiftCards 
 savinahgoshow Walmart lol
 junaidakram83 Walmart, and Dearborn heavily populated with muslims. Arabs n Pakistani
 Walmart how is that combative?? Your policy needs a more thought out process would you like me to help you figure that out??
"I need to go to Target."

*looks down at what I'm wearing*

"Well...maybe Walmart."
 Pinback  Bobble  Funko POP Walmart Exclusive DC  Comics Black Friday Mystery Box purple  Batman!!  Store  Mall
Here's Your Chance to Pitch to "AS SEEN ON TV" for Walmart  vr4smallbiz 
Karlie said it would take her 3 min in Walmart..... it's been about 30
A group of highschoolers were staring at Ryan at Walmart and I stepped Infront of him and waved at them 🙃😂
Ended up with a Hoover on sale at Canadian Tire for C 90. Regular price on Amazon: C 180, Walmart C 150.  ValueInvesting
 madisabelle Let's hit up walmart
I guess I've been away from school for a little too long because I thought peace teas in Walmart were four lokos for a second
 Walmart and a manager just came up to me making seem and I quote "being combative!!!" I said "no I am on the phone please excuse me"..
Walmart sells PATEK PHILIPPE??????????? 🤔🤔 
 Walmart this keeps getting better. I've been sitting in the store waiting for them to produce this policy 20 min I might add. And..
watch walmart be "out of stock" 
20  Foam Gun from Walmart I treated it like a cheap foam gun in this video works well though!  autodetailing… 
this song is going to be the reason i get the  5 rope from walmart
I can't believe this used to be a Walmart
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist The VIDEO the GOV'T does NOT want you to see!(WALMART-MART-LAW)(2017)
 BI_contributors Growth is more organic thanks to options chosen BEFORE Jet 
Look at chart: Q1+Q2+Q3 2016
Walmart's… 
 CashNastyGaming Working at Walmart can't forget that part
I'm going to a  yuge mall with a full-sized Walmart. This is  suburbialiving
 Big_Roon  jaredlfr16 Somebody called you Walmart Andrew Luck, boy take your L and sit down.
So the Walmart I just went to was like a big supermarket. Disappointed.... TIME TO HIT ANOTHER ONE UP 😛
Deals: SELF Fitness Adjustable Weighted Jump Rope  1.99 (
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist WALMART BOARD HACKS
Ya MCM go to Walmart for fruit of the loom boxers..
That moment when you are driving your mom's car,  it's keyless and drop her off at Walmart,  drive over to another plaza and shut the car o…
Holy cats, look what this little Cajun woman found at Walmart in Mexico City. (Yes, I shop at Walmart. Judge me al…… 
On God, McDonald's is the Walmart of fast food lol 😂😂😂 Even if a bomb drop on that bih, they'll… 
 cheyennexxgulk Go buy dermoplast at Walmart or Walgreens it will feel awesome and you can sleep !!
I just made it to Walmart for the second time since moving without the GPS and yes I patted myself on the back.
Our Walmart trips turn into two hours or more lmao 😂 we don't know what it means to shop for two things
 Barfa_ganoush  LiquidMayhem_  nascarwoohoo  scortworkz  mibassn  SteveSMiller1  BaldBandit43  SkollGear Nice fish.… 
 Maybelline  Walmart ok but you testing on animals so step up your game & ill hop on buying this
this walmart brand toilet paper is really bad for crying hysterically
Yaa my blackass can finally wear foundation from Walmart 
 misscannnon Lmao exactly and she then got a whole necklace ... not a Lil petty Walmart necklace either 😂
Walmart: Neutrogena On-The-Spot Acne Treatment Only  1.73! (reg.  5.99) 
lost my mom in walmart
 Maybelline  Walmart OMGG FINALLLYYYYY This What Ive Been Waiting Forr Come Thruuuu With The Shades😭😭😭 
Tired of all these little kids coming in Walmart and asking about fidget spinners
ICYMI: Walmart vs. Amazon: The Race for Ecommerce Apparel Sales  amazon  walmart  ecommerce 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kansas City, KS 
 ItsMeDeaner and looks like walmart did too; 
honestly if you walk right past the sweet old Walmart greeter after they say hello to you I hope you get ripped off bc they are so sweet
I've been in what-else-do-I-need-while-I'm-here mode at Walmart for 45 minutes now.
WalmartLabs open sources the application platform that powers Walmart․com by  fredericl
Walmart/Sams price 249.99 < Swiperdealz price 129.99  swiperdealz  simplemath  samsung  4k  hdr 
 NJCoastExp well, without resorting to amazon anyway - least it's an idea to try that i can get on the next walmart trip, heh
 coldestwinters Not cashing your check at Walmart lol
Walmart 
At Walmart
  Walmart, this is what your employees are doing while I'm waiting for a register to open up? 
Can I buy just laptop chargers? Like at walmart
60    Walmart 
 studuncan  chrisgdorn  BrattleStCap haha I think technically he flipped the analogy?
Walmart uses a fleet of truck… 
 vermontgmg Yes, but Ivanka shared a recipe for champagne popsicles. However, since she's a Trump, she probably goes for the Walmart brand.
Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart via  YahooNews
Sick of hood dudes wearing them glasses. I know they didn't come from Lens Crafters or even Walmart
Thanks to the nice lady at Walmart for telling me my shirt still had its price on it 🙈
I've ran into at least 10 people at HEB and Walmart... this is why I hate leaving my house 🙃🙃🙃
 chickenmanmitch  geekwire This would be great and with a much faster turn around than Walmart we could plan and pickup same day.
 GodJammit  ericbrodie  GamesOfSummer  jwscalf How many boxes of wine can I get at Walmart for  15?!
 Maybelline  Walmart Finally. A supermarket sold makeup listened
 AlasscanIsBack  Beutifulgame  koslen_bambi  suejohnston56  kylegriffin1  SenJohnMcCain Ryan- 14mil Kocs, Mercers,… 
I need all my friends to go to Walmart right now , get yal a pack of paper and a pack of pens cause Des is going to jail today 😂🤷🏽‍♀️
I used my time at Walmart to take advantage of their wifi and watch all the videos I've got queued up in my likes to watch later
My gawd it's so hot in Walmart I'm bout to pass out
 Maybelline  Walmart Hell yeah I love this shit, keep it up maybelline 👌
 realPadhyeYash Nice find! We're happy you had the chance to give one a try. Did you find a fidget spinner right for you? -Red
 Walmart maybe you should be more clear with managers not to be so aggressive with customers. Even if I am only there to shop.  neveragain
Can someone please drive out to Walmart and pick this up for me I can't be bothered rn 
Subject refusing to get out of a vehicle at Walmart Market on N. First Ave. An intoxicated male subject got in a car, he won't get out.
Ich mag das  YouTube-Video: Walmart employee gets fired, drops his boss
I FOUND MY HUNNY AT WALMART ❤️❤️😭😭😭 
 Walmart only reason I was in the store was because it said you had a hard to find product online. Guess what you don't.
Coming back from walmart I saw three cats and three ducks + ducklings at the same time life is good
Went to Walmart and saw these cool pads.. Wish I had more    😭 
 CJ_SoCole If we be honest shit would be great like "No I can't talk to you because I don't like guys with characte… 
Citizen Journalist threaten with arrest for videoing police activity at Wal-Mart WATCH at: 
 sourpunchhh We're happy you like it! Which shade do you like most? -Red
 Walmart I am deeply offended he thought I was there to rob the store in broad daylights vs just shopping for 1 damn item.
 Maybelline  Walmart crying bc i just bought 110 and it's too pink on me
walmart setting yall up for pregnancy 
this guy was yelling asking for the manager and our cashier just shrugged and said "welcome to walmart" my jaw hurts
My girl just left for Walmart to get me ramen noodles ice cream and cookies bc I don't feel good and I couldn't be more blessed😍😭
 Walmart post ANY policy on the front door clearly about  Motorcyclehelmets cause your manager just accosted me while shopping! Not cool!
who told walmart 2 make me work an 8-5 on memorial day 😒
You: Walmart
Me, an intellectual: H-E-B
The lady at Walmart said my hair color is "zurple."  illtakeit
 DGodfatherMoody just got disconnected thanks to reception inside walmart  NickinFlorida
how am I supposed to apply for a job and be interviewed irl if I can't look cashiers in the eye at walmart
 CrazyClarine it's gonna be in Walmart stores exclusively. Online everywhere else.
Walmart Online: Keep Your Cool 
 _Eric____ Nope Walmart
 EWalea is now avail  walmart statewide through  Hawaii / pick one up along with some of these other great CDs!  w…… 
Can you recommend anyone for this  job in  Cerritos, CA?  Banking  Hiring  CareerArc
 perrytheironwo1 Got something against hard working Walmart employees? Definitely a  libturd! Judging others while… 
 uxjobs (Bay Area) Senior User Experience Architect (- Walmart eCommerce - San Bruno, CA 
I'm at  Walmart_br in Campo Grande, MS 
 sale Weider Pro 265 Standard Bench with 80 lb Vinyl Weight Set -  79.99: Walmart offers Weider Pro 265 Standard… 
Omg I just saw the fiercest Walmart cashier. She had one the most fleek blue wing on, cmon color cord
Only I could manage to take out an entire cupcake display in Walmart... then the lady next to me just kept yelling run at me... 🤦🏻‍♀️
 bi_politics I thought Walmart stopped selling this type of flag- must be imported and given free to the 1st bigot in line...
 ConnorAndrews No I but we can stop by Walmart
 Food,  Frankenfood:  Walmart,  Costco,  Kroger,  Publix,  Albertson’s all selling  meats loaded w/ antibiotics 
 bortore You'll def find at H&M or Walmart, I have a million pairs bc delmonicos
Does Walmart Take Competitor Coupons?  Click here-->  
Aurora's on an eco-devo roll with some recent big wins (Amazon, Gaylord, Walmart, to name a few):  AuroraEDC
Walmart way cheaper than Target !I keep comparing the things im experiencing today lol
happy birthday bby  deeahnaa_ miss you and our Walmart shenanigans ☹️❤
Walmart CEO Doug McMillon: Walmart's paid parental leave policies hurt families via  Change
Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart 
 Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart - 
❝ Uwah! Why the face?! Do you not like my undies?! But they're Gucci~ ❞
They're actually walmart or smth but
do clean  Walmart bathrooms even exist or is that just fake
 nsarmoredfrog Saw it at my Walmart for  7 as wellz
 KokonutRum You too? I'm about to throw a full blown temper tantrum in the middle of Walmart why is everyone jeff
Listen up: my name isn't, Weird, Walmart, Waldo or even WaWard, OK?!
 FluffyMikeB  bethanywestfall I was going to Walmart and 3/4 of the way my bicycle broke down & the bicycle shops a… 
 Maybelline  Walmart K but when are you gonna stop testing on animals completely
 bortore Forever 21, walmart, h&m
 NRG_ptr  ESL This cake is from walmart.  I bought my wife the same one yesterday 😂😂😂
Officer Involved Shooting at Raytown Walmart.
Photo: Donald Sneed, 31 yrs old, of KC area.  
Sneed had active... 
Avery and I just spent 30 minutes in Walmart tryna find stuff to make homemade ice cream with
And watch Nacogdoches Walmart not carry a single color past the original mocha 
Walmart: The High Cost of Low Price •  bravenewfilms • BRAVE NEW FILMS

 Walmart .... Walmart shoppers 
 heathernd17 Walmart in chipley
Confirmed job at firework shop, and they'll work with Walmart. Just need that interview to go well. 
Next: ask grandfather to be cosigner
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Flowood, MS 
When u send someone to the store to get bread but they come back with Walmart. . .
Back to sleep. Woke up to eat then go back to sleep now mom wants me to go to Walmart
also i'm ashamed to admit that i put makeup on just to go to the walmart
walmart up here ain playing with y'all stealing from self checkout 😂😂 they got cameras with monitors facing you on every register
Fuck  Walmart they on some bullshit
Omg!  BoycottWalmart  Walmart who is allowing this awful stuff! My child just said "Beach" because of this! 
 Maybelline  Walmart What shades are the fourth and sixth on the left 🤔
I liked a  YouTube video "NEVER Go to Walmart at 4 am" Creepypasta
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance  
 blackwidow5019  Maybelline We're glad that you like them! Tell us which one is your favorite shade? -JP
 findingmimou I know those people repling that get hella offended when they don't get a girl's number or if Walmart… 
Mother-of-two 'locked her kids aged five and two inside of her car trunk so she could go shopping at Walmart' 
 redlobster  WTKR She handled it through Chesapeake Squre mgr. it is being investigated. The number was charged in  Walmart Danville Va
 savannah_dru  kac__ I can't stand Walmart 🙄🙄🙄
Meanwhile at Walmart... Someone actually took this pic instead of helping!!!! Lol 
 CoraSPWC I get the chips ahoy ones. Yum. The white pretzels are the best but Walmart never has them
and women in bonnets 😂 I wore a bonnet to walmart one time on accident and a old white lady starred at me for bout… 
 anartdecodiva Chalk up one for Walmart .. and those words are rarely said.
I've been sitting in the Walmart Parking lot for about an hour and a half waiting for my damn sister
 Luizzer I got a date with Walmart tonight
 ek_johnston This one? I was kind of hoping for one with a big base, for matching purposes,… 
 Andre_Cory_3000 Walmart in trinity
I liked a  YouTube video BoeingBY ALIVE gets LOST at WALMART! BoeingD baby! NEW FISH! The Lilly and Mommy Show! The
Yeah, what a Walmart Axeclusive
Weider Pro 265 Standard Bench with 80 lb Vinyl Weight Set -  79.99: Walmart offers Weider Pro 265 Standard Bench… 
3 stores I shouldn't be allowed to go into alone..walmart, academy, and home depot😬
 Maybelline  Walmart I might finally find my shade 😩👏🏾👏🏾
 sovereignflaw The only other thing I can think of is buying boxes from walmart
2 Tone Fitness Adjustable Beaded Jump Ropes for  4 + pickup at Walmart… 
walmart version of my tweet 
people were arguing   walmart&the person yelled back at the lady "that's why god made yall age like bananas bc u ke… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Johnsburg, IL 
 Maybelline  Walmart Now all I need to know is which shade is for brown skin with yellow undertones?
 Walmart do you all really ban shoppers from taking pictures or videos inside your stores?
Pikachu spotted in the Nintendo Switch sign at Walmart is this a hint 🤔
 colton_potter Golden Co to come to Sun City Florida looking how many golf carts you see !! You would lose your fuc… 
"ill give u  10 if u paint me something" loL BITCH i can make that by working at WALMART for an hour fuck out here w that
I just entered the  leekumkeeusa sweepstakes to win a  25 Walmart gift card! 
The MTA trains stay smellin like wet feet and walmart isle's
 CNN Now he can get a job at Walmart for minimum wage😢
 keri910  edwardsDesserts I'm glad that you found it tasty! Let us know when you plan to get another one! -JP
What a fucking bitch!
Walmart has banned her from ALL of their stores! 
we have quince  pracice tday and kirsten said that she would be here at 1 cuz she was at walmart. 3 hours later we r still waiting fo her...
Get you a friend that strips in the walmart parking lot😂  Bailee_Leann
 Gift  Card Walmart Wii Gift Card No   Value Collectible Lego 2013 Marvel  Coupon  BuyNow
 Cernovich Only 37% voted for him so that's a very low number. The entire group that believes that would be wiped o… 
 GiftCard  Coupon Walmart Wii Gift Card No   Value Collectible Lego 2013 Marvel  Discount  Bargains
0 - 3 for Walmart will check again tmrw
 Walmart I bought some equate cotton swabs an got this? 
❗ WOW ❗  1.81, YES you read that right

The First Years Stack and Count Cups
►►►  
 Maybelline  Walmart If you were cruelty free I'd actually buy your products, but this is a step in a good direction for make up
 Riftyish When u broke af so u have to be like Cole and buy things at Walmart
Me when I go to Walmart without Christie.  NoSelfControl 
*when you go to HEB for something specific and they don't have it*

I tried, I really did, but now I'm gonna have to go to Walmart®
I wouldn't dare walk out the house with them lil Walmart shorts on 😒 my ass gone be completely out
ASUS Z170CA1BK 7" Tablet 16GB with WiFi Intel Atom X3-C3200rk Quad-Core Processor Featuring Android (5.1) Lollipop


 Maybelline  Walmart I'm about to put a ring on it y'all... 
Walmart bought Yacht Club Gaming's Mii Gunner Nintendo™ amiibo named Bob
 tinahalada  urbandoll  Maybelline  Walmart omg I won't be the lightest shade anymore
 andrhia Hmm. Jim used chip and pin the other day at Walmart, of all places. New machines there.
When  Walmart starts selling Tekken 7 5 days early!  gamespot  Machinima 
THIS IS TOO MUCH EVEN FOR ME! Why would anyone want this?   Walmart Salisbury 
Hmmm... a hat with the Walmart logo. Ima guess Target. 
 glamg0th  Walmart hope it won't be top much fuss. :/
 kribbypantera  ShlomoIndiana  sundnce99  MarianneHofer  cibersuedoe  MarkRocon  KarenBaylis2  RoryGilligan1… 
Found chanel today ...Funny People Of Walmart Pic 17 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Meadville, PA 
If ain't nothing wrong with you.... you just fat..... you better not get no electric cart at Walmart. Walk your lazy ass like everyone else
Lol 😂 dese dumb ass bitches got arrested for stealing a volleyball at Walmart fuzzy 🤦🏾‍♂️
I have a problem with greeting Walmart greeters before they say hi to me
 nktpnd Hit your link and was redirected to this page (probably by an ad) 
The cookout instructions we just received: "It's behind the Walmart. You can't miss it." Lmaooo
*cuts myself on a shelf at Walmart*
"Me: mom I'm suing.
Mom: Sarah shut up you can't say that"
 Inoru88  Walmart i have to. i'll go later this week or something.
 Wario64  there's a switch in the Kissimmee Walmart on Osceola parkway
WalMart Customer Shoots, Kills Man for Stealing Diapers -- WTF?! via  jasminesanders
Important update from police regarding officer involved shooting at Raytown Walmart last night, confirming victim i… 
they had fidget spinners at walmart and im in the car rn and i was like i want afieget spinner so bad and my mom was like you couldve
When you find Adidas track suits for buy 1 get 1 free at Walmart 
Fuck I'm bout to start being this extra all the time. This about to be my Walmart run clothes 
 AirGwot Why you at walmart? Jw.
I could throw a tantrum bigger than a toddler in a Walmart parking lot about my life rn
Someone walking around a horse at walmart right now. I fucking hate lawton folks man. 😂🤣
Haven't even been in Walmart for 5 minutes and I feel like I've seen the entire town fml, s/o to Michael tho 😂😂
Currently a thunderstorm is occurring while in Walmart and I couldn't be more scared.
I. Hate. Walmart.
 laurakfillault  redsteeze I love my Walmart. I now know every Greeter. They're all disabled Veterans. We chat and laugh.
some stupid guy is in front of walmart with a petition saying "guys shouldn't use girls bathrooms"... i hate this transphobic place.
Walmart employees are attending classes in the back of the Walmart supercenter in Shawnee  backtoschool 
 miss_missing_yu  CNKLong99  officedepot It's more expensive than Walmart, but my sister works there so I get a discount 😂
Like  Barcadi & The Many Companies NameLess Off What They Truly Up 2 Yet The FEW OwnIn ALL & EveryThing KnowIn Trut… 
Thanks  Walmart and  WonderWomanFilm for making my daughter feel fierce 
 Maybelline  Walmart Finally a drugstore foundation pale enough 😍😍😍😭😭
why does walmart sell fidlar merch
 Maybelline  Walmart Does this include Walmart stores in Canada?
omg i just saw two grown ass people making out on a motorcycle behind walmart in georgetown i'm crying
I love Walmart clothes
 MattNeptune55  Walmart Sounds like heaven  LBNL
 sliiimeeeee public figure at walmart fym
 L_Motts  MaytagBrand Went to breakfast, came back still on sensing. Then went to Walmart, came back and it was on… 
Frame for the bench .  walmart  walnut  gas  grind  gshock  goals❤️  golddigger  kobebryant  kregjig  kroger  side… 
 Maybelline  Walmart This is why I stan maybelline
Traffic Alert: Rollover crash on the 4 lane near Walmart proceed with caution
If they don't take they asses to Walmart and buy that  5.99 pack of hair ties and leave OUR shit the fuck alone 😒 
 IvankaTrumpHQ FYI...MANY American Families cannot afford 'champagne'  popsicles.  They can barely afford the artif… 
Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics 
 JessiGeremia  Maybelline  Walmart Thanks so much...made my day❤️
 _LoganHamilton_ Bet it doesn't compare to what I see at Walmart on a daily basis during the summer... 👀😳
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
chanel vs walmart 💀 
 Maybelline  Walmart This would be cool if u didn't test on animals to get it 😴
Frame for the bench .  walmart  walnut  gas  grind  gshock  goals❤️  golddigger  kobebryant… 
People are insane, not only did she lock her kids in the trunk of her car; she did it so she could shoplift at fuck… 
Edwards S’mores Crème Pie from Walmart  makes the day a little sweeter  WhyIPie,  GotItFree,  OwnTheOccasion,  EdwardsDesserts  Walmart
 jessicareyna07 This is us everywhere not just he club 😂😂 we be doing shit like this at Walmart 😩😂💗
The Real Story Behind The  Walmart Viral Video That ISN'T Being Told via  YouTube
And now, for another perspective..
In case you missed this week's  eCommerceTop5:  Flipkart  Walmart;  amazon takes on  Etsy;  AlibabaGroup news, more… 
Walmart has nothing cold. Wow😭
 Walmart  this shit doesn't happen  Nordstrom  walmart attracts the worst among us.  losermart  lmcville
 glamg0th  Walmart oh no!! Return it?
missing a dose of yr Effexor may lead to: suicidal thoughts in a walmart, leaving yr keys in the ignition, catherine from Veep style crying
 __nanci Excellent inquiry, Nanci! We suggest reaching out to ASDA in the UK about it. -June
 ianbremmer Real Trump USA = Maga CHUD on a motor-scooter at Walmart w a KFC 50-piece bucket clutching their wallet… 
Who wants to go to Walmart with me 🙁
 DomainKing  Macys  Target Walmart will survive imo. The rest are done. Flying drones delivering packages  will nev… 
Police Searching For Trio In Walmart Larceny Case 
omg we were at Walmart and we were trying to find Ryan's name on a Coke bottle (because theres no hope for mine) >
Sos stuck at Walmart with messed up tire. 🙄
Taking  digitalstrategy seriously: 3 lessons from Walmart 
I was trying to avoid Walmart but nobody else has power 😭
Find someone who still likes you when you're drunk shopping at Walmart.
I FUCKING HATE WALMART! I NEED TO GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!!!!
Only in the Walmart parking lot of Decatur, Tx will you ever see a grown man cry over spilling his bud light all over the place... 🙄
Diane got pronoun-checked at Walmart today. It was brutal.
Walked in Walmart and seen 15 people wearing shades. So I kept mine on. Fuck it 🤷🏽‍♂️
the bookshelf is broken  Walmart why do i have an issue with EVERYTHING i buy from you 🙄
 Walmart I'm tired of not having service when I come through y'all store.
When Walmart wifi is your connection to the outside world  countrylyfe  citygirl 🙌🐄
🙂🇺🇸   Walmart Hendersonville - N Anderson Lane 
When you're the only employee at Walmart marketing with one semester of "creative writing". 
I liked a  YouTube video WHAT IS WALMART PLANNING? - UNDERGROUND TUNNELS - THIS SUMMER?
 5,000 reward offered for info on suspect who allegedly robbed E. Side Walmart, threatened employee 
Every time I walk in to Walmart I remember why I didn't want to come here. 
 pituvision Tuesday Walmart hunts 
Meet Wells Dairy: 30 Years of Making Great Value Ice Cream

Shame on you  Walmart This is NOT family friendly! 
 MechaMacGyver walmart in torrance on Normandie. had to ask someone to get it from the back
 Nudah Walmart trip with tenser
Hayffie Chanel 
VS 
Others Walmart 😌 
 Nudah Go into Walmart and jump into we're they store all the balls or dive through your bedroom door
what snacks should i buy at walmart i wanna be fat
 reef84 Brand new pair of your sandals. Wear once, fall apart.  fail Very disappointed. Walmart cheapos lasted for… 
 christianmom224 prolly walmart lmao
 kaitlinhadley And going to Walmart every other Thursday at midnight just to have food to survive
C'mon  Walmart I know you can do better than this, yet this is what the cosmetics aisles ALWAYS look like at Burban… 
My life has been made I'm so in love rn 😍😍😍😍❤️ look who walked into my Walmart today y'all it's lit 😩😍… 
 rghtwngextrmst  warriorwoman91  instapundit .when wages do not support a worker, we the taxpayers, subsidize that… 
 liniyahvargas Walmart
It's fun teasing men at Walmart by staring at their bulges
Walmart's Struggle Isn't About E-Commerce, It's About Price - Forbes  commerce 
Mainstays Sand Dune 7-Piece
​ Patio Dining Set, Seats 6 only  299.98  Get quality and quantity with the Mainstays... 
Get Out has an alternate ending 😭 omw to Walmart now!!!
When l look rough af & catch my peeps at Walmart or Kroger 
"It say 6.58 on the tag why it 7.01 then when I go to pay"

There is tax mam 

"THE HELL IS TAX?"

Walmart for ya
Damn there was a dead body found behind the Walmart
Today on Walmart radio - U2's Sunday Bloody Sunday.
Walmart issues statement after wrong fuel put in tank at Tyler station 
 maritimemaggie I guess taking a picture would have been....well too Walmart!
Target doesn't have 35mm film so the only other place I can get it locally is Walmart and I'm not happy
Authorities identify man killed at Raytown Walmart, say he tased Jackson County Deputy 
 ImamAlishba I tweeted that while I was at walmart
Glad  Walmart is open to work on my flat tire but not happy w/how slow their guy is changing tires. 3.5 hours & still waiting!
 ImamAlishba I do but don't go to Walmart lmao!!!
 aubreymcdevitt i legit just came back from walmart not even 5 minutes ago
Join me at Here's Your Chance to Pitch to "AS SEEN ON TV" for Walmart Shelves 
Instead of a month or two weeks left, suddenly I have to quit 3 weeks sooner at walmart than I planned. This is my last week now.
  my mutuals go to you local target, walmart, kmart whatever and buy every single toy & dvd. thank you 

sincerely,… 
All of my bathing suits are from Walmart (or American eagle) they have some good shit
 PopularMMOS you can get Fidget Spinners at Walmart for like a couple bucks
They have  HasbroUnderwear for  Toddlers In store  Walmart5338 
I promise if you ever have baby fever & you come to Walmart for a few hours & listen to all the screaming kids, it'll go right away 😊
Fisher-Price Little People Lil’ Movers School Bus Just  9.84!  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals  fisher_price
 XBLBreach After, can you give me my timer on mw2
 Fritolay  PepsiCo  Walmart  BusinessGreen Is that why you use GMO crap ? 
 ScottWalker that food looks plastic. Is this a Walmart display?
Club Walmart
 ShlomoIndiana  Finn_American  sundnce99  MarianneHofer  cibersuedoe  MarkRocon  KarenBaylis2  RoryGilligan1… 
 SISTASinZION  apurposefulwife Didn't you know that 1/16 of the people working the cash registers at Walmart are th… 
Seats are going fast! Reserve your seat today by clicking: 
 dsteimle Good to see you back again! Let me know if you need help with anything! -JP
“HIV Virus” Found In Walmart Bananas After 10 Year Old Boy Agreements The Infection 
Bikes Under  150 at Walmart -  119.00 
How to Make Money Off of Your Walmart and Target Receipts 
Lousa Aqua Doodle Ks Kids Playmat Set 12446... Apenas R 63.49 Acesse  oferta  desconto… 
Maybe but I don't see Amazon offering curbside in rural areas. Walmart would be in better position to reach those c… 
happy birthday to my fav walmart employee! hope you have a great day 💓🌸🌟  deeahnaa_
Yamaha BD S681 Blu - ray Pl... Apenas R 2999.00 Acesse  TV  SmartTV   oferta  desconto… 
2 Tone Fitness Adjustable Beaded Jump Ropes for  4 + pickup at Walmart

So I was in Walmart on Sunday looking at CDs and this mother and daughter come up and start looking at them too
"Is this bowl from France?" 
"No, it's from Walmart"
When you are so bored and can't do much... you go to walmart and spend 100 dollars 😣
There's been a guy flossin' his teeth in the Walmart bathroom for 45 minutes lol Happy Memorial Day 🇺🇸
Lol some guy in walmart had yellow spiked hair and flip flops

I couldnt help but laugh a little and smh
Deputy shoots, kills suspected shoplifter at Missouri Walmart 
Walmart is literally testing my patience
Boondocking on your Road Trip itinerary? This  TMOM did and might not do it AGAIN. See Why: 
They won't listen, you can squack until you fall down dead. We only want Walmart and mindless TV. Maybe the end is… 
Walmart Coupon Matchups 05/26-06/10 - 
Walmart has a "chicken and waffle salad" and I've never been so disgusted in my life. Who's buying that
Yea Walmart 
I wonder how depressed a Walmart optometrist is
Walmart delivers in first quarter; online  trafficgeneration  onlinetraffic  listbuilding 
I've seen everything and I mean everything. A "People of Walmart" was seen shopping at Costco this evening. Nothing but R rated!
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA): Tell Walmart to Stop Selling Betta Fish - Sign th... via  Change
I figured since I work at Walmart work would be busy today... I was wrong 😕
 Dizzys_  Walmart Get another one
 CabooseEcho I would have chosen Walmart. Walmart is a good place to get lost at.
People always arguing with Customer Service center at Walmart. Just take your "L" and be on your way. All I need is a money order !
 RyanHoliday Except not that, which sounds like a walmart store brand.
Y'all Walmart isn't 24 hours anymore 🙃
Walmart: Lysol Products Only  0..47! on  bloglovin
 sadiehawke1108  CASuperrunner There's no Walmart in Inglewood, California, Maxine Waters' district. Walmart is a Hippocrate!!!!
C'mon....just another People of WalMart. 
 Maybelline  jambeauty89  Walmart Yay! My favorite foundation coming through with the shades!!
 Foursquare I can't imagine why people don't want to come here now! With DT in charge, the love flows forth! Racist… 
Okay but when did our Walmart get self check outs?
Shoppers encounter live black bear in Somerset Walmart parking lot 
Thought Airport Walmart Had A Machine. 
Walmart Haul - May 23, 2017  walmart  agirlbeingfrugal
This lady at Walmart is testing me.... 
It's the Wild West between Amazon and Walmart  
 KCTV5 I guess shoplifting can be deadly. Moral of the story. Don't shoplift at Walmart....
my dad isn't allowed to go to walmart anymore 
The family of a man shot and killed by an off-duty Jackson County deputy is speaking with KCTV5. 
Kids ages 2 and 5 found locked in trunk while mom shops at Walmart: ‘My babysitter didn’t show up’ | BPR 
3rd in line to buy milk at WALMART. 2 in front of me bought Organic. Anybody else noticing the same trend?  5 diff.… 
 Repost  secilie_j ( get_repost)
・・・
H&M has the cutest dresses for  4.99 & Walmart has the cutest sandals for... 
 Repost  secilie_j (get_repost)
・・・
H&M has the cutest dresses for  4.99 & Walmart has the… 
Ride-on toys sold at Walmart, wicker furniture from Pier 1 among this week's recalls  DFW
 NowPlaying Have More Fun Walmart Commercial - Walmart Commercial 
Cheap vitamins are made from GMO glucose syrup fed to bacteria, analysis finds… Don’t buy low-grade vitamins 
Shout-out to the very obviously high subway worker at Walmart lmao
 NerdRage42 They already got their  4.99 bucket of chicken from walmart and just want to make their phone sticky 
i need to run to walmart but uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggggggggggggghhhhhhhhh
im out of sleepy meds n trashbags
I explained to my dad what a 'dad bod' was and he yelled in the middle of Walmart "hey! look at me I have a dad bod!" 🙃🙃
 OhThatsKev 🤦🏾‍♂️he slaving at Walmart and they won't let him go
 RexDangerSeeker  JHScramble Obvs. You can't spell "Walmart is Patriotism" without "Walmart."
 girlswithtoys  50?!  I'm in the wrong business.  I'll set up an Etsy shop and buy up everything at Walmart, Sally'… 
in walmart, just saw a woman wearing a hijab with her phone tucked in the side of it, talking away. she's in the future
A man accused of shoplifting is dead after police say an off duty sheriff's deputy shot him in a Walmart parking lo… 
The customer service today at  Walmart in  KingslandGA!!!  👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾 Jerry and Autumn went the extra mile!!
Is this the cop that killed Walmart shop lifter Donald Perry Sneed? Check it! 
 Neilah54  dbjbundy  Hxllyyweed  focus3d2succeed  antoniodelotero  ShaunKing  Walmart My friend co-founded the only… 
Walks into Walmart for Ice. Walks out regretting it with 10 other items on hand
Hey  Rhumbo_III...how was the trip to WalMart?..... 
Oh Walmart 
2014 Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance.  via  forbes 
 MannieFrizzle neighbor riding around Walmart in the motor cart blasting Akon Locked Up 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
everyday when I walked into walmart 
 azcentral My step sons work at Walmart...Service is a more accurite word for their employment and work ethic.
 Maybelline  Walmart Beautiful
And of course the Walmart employees acting like I'm asking for sooo much
I lost my mom at Walmart and I can't find her
 NotWthoutPearls omg i can't wait to try!! mad it's only at walmart tho lol bc now i gotta go to that trashy ass place
do I go to Walmart and waste the rest of my money on diy room decor stuff
She thought she wouldn’t lose her kids by leaving them here during a Walmart run, but now child services is taking  
There's such a thing called daddy sponges 😂😂😂 oh Walmart
why is there literally always a bomb threat at the DL walmart like what person has beef with that place
Clay ran me over with a scooter in Walmart and I fell and knocked over a George Foreman grill.
Every time I go in Walmart dey show me love even bitches dey know dey don't like me 😵😂
 carladirty Walmart VS Chanel

Clothes
Watching my Brother & my Brother in law "race" to put together patio furniture!!!  Almost as good as Walmart watching!!!
I get up to the checkout at Walmart and the cashier says "You're OCD aren't you?" "It's not very often I see the belt loaded like this!" 🤣
goddammit why didn't i buy hotdogs when i went to walmart
 TDennis17 And shoplifting at walmart
Great deal on Pampers at Walmart! 
I think I'm just going to go to Walmart and buy a kiddy pool. 😒
 Neilah54  dbjbundy  Hxllyyweed  focus3d2succeed  antoniodelotero  ShaunKing  Walmart It's Ramadan. Visit your loca… 
I DROVE FOR LIKE 3 HOURS TODAY! AND I WENT ALL THE WAY TO WALMART AND BoeingCK!! I was like super anxious but it started to feel normal omg...
Bikes Under  150 at Walmart -  119.00: Walmart offers Bikes Under  150. ... 
 Health Jump on this Deal at Walmart: Jump Rope Under  2 (Regularly  15.99) via  Shareaholic
 Fit Jump on this Deal at Walmart: Jump Rope Under  2 (Regularly  15.99)
Went to  Walmart and got an Edwards S’mores Crème Pie for my BBQ party. It's delicious  WhyIPie  GotItFree  OwnTheOccasion,  EdwardsDesserts
Walmart Gift Card Giveaway:  Nike  NikeLovers  NikeGiftCard
eCommerce Ignites for Walmart And Bye-Bye for Brokers and Bitcoin? - 
 sleepybaekhyun most grocery store bakeries can do it! or walmart. just give them a printout of the image
LMFAO walmart version 
Visit Royal Draw To  Win A  50  Walmart GC Today ~   Sweepstakes 
Delish twist on a BLT

Turkey & Avocado BLT recipe from  Walmart

 MealInspirations at  ad 
 Maybelline  Walmart Ok but what about the UK?
 Finn_American  kribbypantera  ShlomoIndiana  sundnce99  MarianneHofer  cibersuedoe  MarkRocon  KarenBaylis2… 
We just went to Walmart, today, which is Memorial Day, a holiday, and it was DEAD. wtf planet are we on
Tough biker stands in line at Walmart for 5 days, buys bikes for homeless kids for Christmas 
So bored right now & id normally go to Walmart & buy stuff I dont need but I have no money from, you know, buying stuff that I dont need 🙃
 Finn_American  kribbypantera  sundnce99  MarianneHofer  cibersuedoe  MarkRocon  KarenBaylis2  RoryGilligan1… 
Walmart got ambi back in stock they had none for two weeks 😊
Finally!  I found  EdwardsDesserts S'mores Creme Pie at  Walmart.  Looking forward to trying it!  gotitfree  whyIpie  owntheoccasion
i went to the 💅🏾 shop, to Target, then to Walmart & back inside 😭
Some bum ass Columbus nigga swiped my mf phone in Walmart.
I love the Walmart on pacific
 cerisenn rudolf vs walmart
I hate being bored cause I always end up going to Walmart and buying random shit
I missed watching you guys in Walmart! You used to vlog there all the time! Loved it! 
this very minute (5:44).  Maybe having dinner?  Tomorrow I have my dr's appt. at 10:40.  Then I have to run to Walmart for some things
 Maybelline  Walmart On the left side what are the names of the 3rd and 4th shade?
Me every time I got to Walmart:

why the fuck am I at Walmart
 People  Walmart Shopper Tells Latina Woman to Go Back to Mexico 
 NicoleeeLeonard  Maybelline  Walmart Wowwww so extensive! Not cruelty-free though ☹️ It's alright, the  GOSHUK one… 
Finding the simplest of things in Walmart seem to be the hardest task🙄
Walmart issues statement after wrong fuel put in tank at Tyler station: 
I would much rather be watching  AtlanticCraft than wasting my time at Walmart...
 claypool_jodie Plus, I think this could put Walmart in straddle position with front counter sales and online curbside pickup.  pmba5810
Theres some haters outside Walmart trying get some shit signed out about trans people using bathrooms Go bug them. They ignit 😂
 Maybelline  Walmart why is this not available in France? I can't wait to try this and the pro glow foundation
 Neilah54  dbjbundy  Hxllyyweed  focus3d2succeed  antoniodelotero  ShaunKing  Walmart Dude. Stop objectifying Musli… 
 JHScramble  JaRomney I believe I saw a patriotic as F stack inside the Walmart.
Jackson County Sheriff: Raytown Walmart shooting victim identified as Don Sneed of KC. Sneed tasered the deputy in the neck during struggle.
Walmart clothes' are trash.🗑
You can get one for literally 2-5 bucks at Walmart ifc 
When I left for work I heard a kid at the pool say "she works at Walmart?" like 🙄
 Hot_Wheels  RRRawlings  Mike_Zarnock Finally after months of searching I found it at Walmart today! 
🗣🗣🗣🗣 I hate coming to this ghetto ass Walmart by my house
 ReTweet  CatTreats  Delightibles Cat Treat 
 Mark_Lapping  Smax140Adams  ValStaples  LetsTalkMotU  PixelDan  HeManOrg  HeManTheMovie may still have him  16/17!
This dude is standing outside Walmart with a fat ass stack of cash but dressed homeless 🤔
When Walmart has gir from  invaderzim in the claw machines.  itsmine 
 jawnwtson  JohnWatsonGP YES there's a taco bell like fifteen minutes away in the next town by walmart john u can drive us
 Finn_American  ShlomoIndiana  sundnce99  MarianneHofer  cibersuedoe  MarkRocon  KarenBaylis2  RoryGilligan1… 
 claypool_jodie The difference I see is in the convenience. I would have to go inside at WalMart unless Walmart can… 
2-Sets of The First Years Stack & Count Cups  3.60 + Free Store Pickup 
 savagelexxx  Maybelline  Walmart Yesss I need some!!
Trotting along with the butterscotch stallion   Walmart 
He was just picking up garden supplies,,,,, 
Reports of bomb threat at Detroit Lakes Walmart 
 Maybelline  Walmart tbh I don't even think my Walmart gets any of the darker shades. Former or new.
Need a dish to pass? Try Edwards S'mores Pie  WhyIPie  GotItFree  OwnTheOccasion  EdwardsDesserts  Walmart
I'm at Walmart in Decatur, GA 
Walmart Supercenter 
 Maybelline  Walmart I think I'll be needing that ghostly white shade 😂😂
 BenedictEvans Agreed, but for your analogy to work Walmart would need to see transportation as more than a cost center, no?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Henderson, TX 
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 PeoplesAnthony  Walmart  amazon Can't go wrong with Amazon!
Let's work if you are near a Walmart food lion cvs or publix you can Make  2500 in 30 min or less 💯💸💰starting with… 
True friendship is when you're in the bath and  A_Hockensmith_  comes in and asks to go to walmart lol
Get your tickets for the  NWAChampionship! First round begins on June 23rd.  RogersRocks  NWAChampionship… 
 Maybelline  Walmart  bitchinkelly omg I'm screaming. Let's go match me
Let's give this a whirl.   mcdonalds  bigmacsauce  walmart 
Up in Walmart with my Good Girlfriends ❣️😁 hoolahoopqueen 
 andiwandered No, they sell them in Walmart. 😀
 Shawtyhilll That's exactly where I was. Walmart runs a close 2nd
Rly want one of the big rubber duck rafts at Walmart
trans ppl fighting back against transphobia is not like a tumblr post where a 5 yr old girl burns a homophobic old white guy in a walmart
 Anisse_ED I hope one day I quit wow bc I'm too busy playing League and also snorting cocaine and dancing in Walmart
Lapeer's Walmart is one spooky place.
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
Like, what the fuck do you want me to do? Sit in the damn Walmart parking lot and attempt to meet new people? Because that's all there is.
You need this pie! Edwards S'mores Creme Pie can make it sweeter. get it  Walmart.  whyIPie GotItFree OwntheOccasion edwardsDesserts Walmart
 Walmart Are you guys open on Memorial Day? Meaning today?
I made a new friend at Walmart 😋
TAKE ACTION Tell  Amazon  HomeDepot  Walmart to stop selling  MonsantoCo's  Roundup!  resist  regenerate  banRoundup 
Filling the shelves of Walmart for over 25 years now. 
And I should have went to Walmart! Some  18 for 3 damn socks NIKE be of that bul Shit
smiling  Walmart because I ordered online & picked up.
2 min. wait! 
Get  10 off first order►… 
 Maybelline  Walmart Absolutely obsessed with this foundation and these new shades 😍
 tehshawn Target has a book. Walmart have lobby cards that make 2 different posters. Gotta love it
Jelly told Frida she looks like the Great Value Walmart brand version of Jungkook 😭😭😭😂 I'm in tears.
 Cassxirene Dude Walmart!
 redsteeze "Why would a AGW fearing liberal like me rub shoulders with plebs in Walmart when i can ship goods to my… 
wtf, walmart website. Why would you put a MAXIMUM number of characters on a password.
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART INTERCOM PRANK - HE YELLED "I'M GAY!" ON THE INTERCOM (Store Vlog  16)
 SimpleSpouse Walmart checks online! Like  8 for 5 pads!
 Maybelline  Walmart Oh that's great, I wonder if anything beyond 360 will make it to Canada?
So I may or may not have cried at the Wonder Woman display in Walmart today (I did)
👉🏿 iTunes Gift cards and Amazon , Walmart, One vanilla and Bitcoin  Needed urgently ⚠ ‼
👉🏿 Cash out 30 Minutes... 
 FishAndLearn  LiquidMayhem_ I purchased some on Saturday at an out of town Walmart. Was surprised myself but today… 
C and I have a list of cashiers that we avoid at Walmart because they're so slow 😂😂
Not even fight, I'd beat him like we just get off the boat and he "screaming let's go Walmart" like one of them lil children
no anxiety quite like anxiety while in walmart
Walmart stepping up their face mask section. And for  2.50?!
So this little kid kept throwing shit at me In line at Walmart I turned to the parent asked them to tell there child to stop , they didn't
 sale Bikes Under  150 at Walmart -  119.00: Walmart offers Bikes Under  150. ... 
 Hit OR  Miss?  Walmart ...
LINK:  Beauty  Broadcast  Cosmetics  Emily  EmilyEddington… 
Walmart: Lysol Products Only  0..47! 
When your the momma bear and still have to go to Walmart. 
Utah mom allegedly locked kids in trunk to shop at Walmart 
Are you the reason why there isn't anymore sharpies at Walmart? Did you use them all on your eyebrows? Night
 olivia_shea Walmart
An email from  Walmart about  customerservice issues.  It was empty, like their promises. 
 letmesuckyadick  Walmart  kwoodsxxx Lol well I just looked it up, it's definitely not Fajitas hahaha 😂
I am ready to go , I wish Walmart hurry up 🙄
Deals – Chevron Techron Concentrate Plus Complete Fuel System Cleaner, 10 oz,  5   Walmart 
 alexander_olly hi they're playing king in walmart and i really miss u ok bye
 HeyMisfit I also believe she is wearing Pajama Jeans. I saw those in Walmart a few days ago when I was getting plates for E's party😧
I saw some girl peeing butt naked in the Walmart parking lot ...I'm shook
 kingofjanitors  DoomLazer If you don't try to do this at like Walmart or whatever huge store, you basically deserv… 
 LysFultz Walmart. We get a my share bonus
 Maybelline  Walmart Maybe they have a shade closer to yours now!!! ❤️❤️❤️  thataylaa
Most  tech companies have yet to apply their values to how they treat all their workers:  
I scream the speed limit at anyone who speeds through the back ally behind Theos, or speeds through the Walmart par… 
What do I have to major in to become a Walmart greeter?
To everyone who saw me riding the flamingo in an American Flag Walmart cut off t-shirt today, I'm not even sorry.
nothing I dread more than a west side Walmart trip
I am freaking walking in Walmart and I am screaming and I so happy!!             Mark!!!
 tuskysteelcub I was going to say Kinkos, but theyre probably closed. So yeah might have to head to a store. Why not Walmart or Fred Meyer?
 letmesuckyadick  Walmart  kwoodsxxx Haha I was going too, but then I figured what kind of nerd am I. I just figure… 
 VeuveAndCouture A girl in Walmart yesterday told me she liked my pants 😭I almost cried
 KirstenDawnn go to Walmart
Went in Walmart for two items. Spent  137 🤦🏾‍♂️
 MoralSpacy message me please
 GiftCards  Coupons Walmart Wii Gift Card No   Value Collectible Lego 2013 Marvel  Forsale… 
....shopped    Walmart. Police got a call after a woman spotted the mom stuffing the children inside of the trunk in  Walmart's parking lot.
Get you friends that pick you up at walmart😂❤️
 Maybelline  Walmart i wish y'all went international a little more. i can't get anything new in Hungary
 _SydniePaige Sis this some good foundation they got it at Walmart target etc so you can actually match it
 Maybelline  Walmart  _RocketQueen  a shade pale enough for you perhaps ?
 Maybelline  Walmart Can you guys not test on animals tho
Walmart fun/talks 🤷🏽‍♀️😏 
 Maybelline  Walmart Will these shades include the fit me dewy + smooth foundations as well?
 danielehrlich1 Hi Daniel ! Sorry, but this page is from Brazil, please send your tweet to  Walmart. Good Luck
Because Walmart. 
Fucking hate going to Walmart 😒
Body found behind Walmart off Peters Creek Parkway in Winston-Salem  
Tracy Morgan coming out to his new special carrying a Walmart bag full of money is hysterical!
 teoseeo  Walmart  WalmartToday What is your fucking issue dude? Stop  ing me your stupid shit. Nobody cares
I'm the type of girl that compliments your  12 Walmart watch. 🤷🏻‍♀️  Cinnasational94
 JeffyNorth walmart doesn't do time and a half??
So I'm minding my business walking into walmart, and as sooooooooooooooon as I made it between those sliding doors, this white couple....
In walmart..cant find my f ×ktoy, So I sit in wait for her. 
I just called Walmart to make sure they're selling wine since they wouldn't sale it to me yesterday
 austincorona1  ezlusztig No- he does PA's at openings of Walmart stores.
Throwback to when Walmart in Beloit had Icee's /:
 sophdoesnails  Maybelline  Walmart Hopefully they'll bring it to the UK and not just the US 😭😭
 Simply2Dimpley  Maybelline  Walmart omg yes!! amazing!
news 
 floppy115  Walmart  kwoodsxxx Google it
I'm a college sophomore and I still panic when I lose my mom in Walmart
 BlairWahlBerg Walmart kyle
And this is what walmart pays people to do? 
I've been telling this to people for years! Trust your source..... 
 Walmart w/ CORPORATE & rec GENERIC reply: doesn't even acknowledge my complaint or poor experience? Haha seriously… 
"Just cause you go to WalMart dont mean the time change"- LeekOASF
 letmesuckyadick  Walmart  kwoodsxxx I know I may be a guy, but what the hell is a Faja?
Gotta have your head on a swivel when you go to WalMart. 

Don't go to Walmart when you're fasting...life lesson
This plaza has the worse parking. Need a new parking study done. (  Walmart Supercenter) on  Yelp 
 letmesuckyadick  Walmart Sorry that happened to you... sucks when you are expecting and relying on something and you get screwed.
 JohnFict  JustEric He went to Walmart because he was smarter than the aver-age bear.
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 20 Points! WOO HOO!!
 Walmart & u will have to wait a while"; have to CALL store from inside to get mgr asst at register; tweet my… 
 whothefckisnoah I actually miss Walmart ...at least the aisles are wide enough and scooters for the old and wobbly like me
 AfterHoursDQRM Yeah. My first and last time ordering from  Walmart
 AlvinMack55  MUTGuru i went to walmart, whats more american than that?
Thank you  Walmart for selling me an xbox one mic that i cant even plug into my controller. sell shit that works
Wal-Mart and Toys R Us can't keep them in stock. 
Tell  Walmart CEO Doug McMillon: Families deserve paid leave! Sign here:  workersrights… 
 McScotsBerrd I tried to find that shoe size. One thing led to another, and now if I approach a Walmart the employe… 
the walmart cashier just asked Cal and I if we were twins 😂😂😂❤
 Walmart thankful there is a  Target locally!  Walmart def doesn't deserve my business or anyone else's! cashiers t… 
There was this really cute guy at Walmart and he kept glancing at me lIKE HE KNEW I WAS LOOKING AT HIM AND IM. SO RED. BYE.
Going into Walmart almost makes me feel smart because I actually use the entrance and the exit correctly. Bitch this isn't an exit.
Blessed to receive my first job offer. Night shift at Walmart. Thanks to everyone who complained to me about not ha… 
Body found behind Walmart off Peters Creek Parkway  WSNC  Homocide
The only good thing about this Walmart is the free wifi
Lord I can't wait until Hobby Lobby opens. I don't need to be spending 15 minutes waiting on Walmart workers to try and sell me fabric.
Chanel vs Walmart 
 PREMIOSMTVMIAW  MTVHITCNCO  MTVACTAPPCNCO  MTVEXPOPCNCO 
 WalMart on a Monday 🙄🙄
I'm now the Duke of Walmart Neighborhood Market on  Yelp! 
 letmesuckyadick  Walmart  kwoodsxxx Weird. I always use normal and it comes the next day
 BrendaSchxd You know he boo hoo crying cause they got these walmart kids in this series. Boy is HOT
I've tried so many  40+ high end foundations that don't compare to the fit me line.  6 at Walmart guys 
What did expect from Walmart 
This is why I'm always hesitant om getting perishables from  walmart. Whenever it's busy… 
Sam Walton and Building a Business Empire:  Walmart  walmart  entrepreneurship  business  innovation  empirebuilding
 LyteB97  canaanimal  Qtownproperties  salvador_soldi  SenSanders  larryelder No, I'm upset the business owner gets… 
 elda_le  EdwardsDesserts We're glad you enjoyed it! Come back again for more! -JP
WALMART HAD THE NERVE TO PAUSE HIS PHONE CONVERSATION TO TELL ME TO SMILE LIKE MINDING HIS BUSINESS DOESNT EXIST
i saw some guy sniffing toilet plungers at walmart and i thought..... keith
Tweet  Walmart 5/27 w complaint; given link to share exp; describe situation & get a GENERIC auto reply? unbelievable  walmartsucks so 1of3
Lmao they got them shorts from Walmart 
 Entrepreneur Small businesses become large w success & with it job growth. Walmart is a prime example. Fostering s… 
 thelindysmith This! It's amazing. it's the only thing that has worked for my hair. I have the shampoo too, and it'… 
Y'all are trash  Walmart I ordered fajas for me &  kwoodsxxx & they were supposed to arrive by 5/18. I want my    back for express shipping.
Going to Walmart alone is scary when there are creepy old men staring at you
one time i hit someones car in a walmart parking lot and drove away
 GameStop really just sold me 3mo psn+ for  27 while it was  18 at Walmart😒
Chanel vs Walmart 
 Maybelline  Walmart Only walmart?? Ugh, why....
my gma is embarrassing me in walmart i gtg
 Maybelline  Walmart this is why  Maybelline is the real OG! PLEASE add dark shades for  agerewind concealer next!  🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
I've been to Walmart twice today and I've came to the conclusion that I am that person that forgets where they parked 😅
me, sweaty, about to pass out, sitting on the side of the road after trying to bike to walmart 
Ole dusty ass niggas don't deserve nun of my bullets 🗣🙅🏾‍♂️ Ima just go to Walmart and fabreeze these niggas 😂💯
I'll be at the Ogdensburg walmart this Friday June 2, from 3:30 -5:30 to celebrate FLW National… 
Utah Woman Arrested for Locking Her Two Kids in the Trunk While She Shopped at Walmart (Video)… 
 googleymoogley Was it a Walmart Flip Flop?
 berto_la2ca Somebody uncle fishing for thotties in Walmart
 Maybelline  Walmart need this foundation in mexico!
ok but if u go through this thread, june from customer service at walmart needs promoting she's so nice 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart FAIL Compilation - Shoplifters Arrested! Pt. 2
Lol. I love how at startek, no rumors got spread about me in a year. A month at Walmart, and an old friend starts a few. How petty.
Had to try one of the  FidgetsSpinners out! Thanks  Walmart 😁 
Trump conjures my Walmart related PTSD  NotJFKComparisons ?  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA He's evocative of a botched funnel cake  NotJFK ?  StopTheLSD
FREEZING TO DEATH AT WALMART? *100% NOT CLICKBoeingIT*: via  YouTube
omg but I try to avoid the Walmart here in Gallup. Where my public bathroom phobia came into place 😂😂
Admittedly I've .ever been very good at maths but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in m;m jeans stuffed in U g boots = Hell
 Target is getting worse than  Walmart Red shirts everywhere. 2 check out lanes open. And only on one end.  NoIDontWantSelfCheckout
I just ran into an old Drill Sergeant in Walmart 😩
 yutagfs and where u getting concert cash from ain't walmart cut u off
Currently counting how many dead fish there are in the display at Walmart.
 VersaceDevil  UrBoyJack69 i mean, girl your bio says you suck his duck behind walmart ahah! 😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Fort Worth, TX 
 Maybelline  Walmart Now THIS is what I call shade range. Not just 2 Browns shades. Now every colour can slay at an… 
chanel vs walmart 
😂😂😂 "all that at Walmart?" 
Come on, Mom! Go to Walmart for the deals, not the public lice! 
 realonaldTrump Better come clean.The VIDEO the GOV'T does NOT want you to see!(WALMART-MART-LAW)(2017) via  YouTube
I liked a  YouTube video SMOKING WEED HIGH IN Walmart "LOUD CHALLENGE" [HD]
Detroit Lakes Walmart is back open after a bomb threat. Police investigating the call. 

cubic zirconia from walmart 9.99 baby 
I liked a  YouTube video THE GREATEST 24 HOUR WALMART CHALLENGE OF ALL TIME! (KICKED OUT)
 Maybelline  Walmart Will these shades be available in Europe/Belgium?
 arixferrari Bitch the freeway/Walmart accident HAHAHAHA, it's the bar bro!!! Makes us connected like that or someshit
 danimailap Walmart has a key copy machine it's super cheap to get a copy made.  👌🏼
 Duckjar  KOSDFF Lol I saw a feminist at Walmart almost said there are only 2 genders but my mom is here
 Retweet  Arthritis  TYLENOL ARTHRITIS CAPLETS 150CT 
This is the guy that was shot and killed by a Jackson County Sheriff last night at Walmart in Raytown Missouri.... 
 Maybelline  Walmart It's about time
We're at Walmart rn bc Drew wants to buy Eric an Xbox for his bday so that he has somebody to play online with
Rich couple make fun of poor family in line at Walmart – then stranger makes a brave decision 
 h0ldmypoodle  Maybelline  Walmart It'll be in Walmart u can get some while ur in America for bare cheap
 Maybelline  Walmart This is why you all are one of my fave brands ❤👏🏽
Need some Energy? Headed to  walmart? Pick up some natural energy green tea  AriZonaEnergyShots!  ad  AZEnergyShots 
Why am I in Walmart and people taking pictures of me and asking me for autographs
Gladly expose me tomorrow if I don't give the winner the money because am literally in Walmart rn.
 Retweet  CleanWater  Unique Bargains Home Activated Carbon Water Tap Filter 
 Maybelline  Walmart I'm glad you have expanded your shades! I'd love to buy your products but you test on animals.… 
 Maybelline  Walmart I am seeing shades for my inside colour, beachside colour and even winter time colour
 NickEDM1979  LEGO_Group  lego_data My toys r us has only that one. My walmart had Hans new one. 
lol I hope some of y'all kno this ain't as simple as y'all think , Walmart won't even answer y'all calls 😭 
Lmao moe's snaps in Arabic giving me directions in Walmart to the beef chorizo 😂💀
Ok I've seriously always said I just wanna be rich enough to get anything I ever wanted at Walmart 
the walmart cashier just asked Tyla and I if we were twins 😂😂😂😂
Walmart Bullets Will Have Ya Gun Jammin Like Crazy!
 phantxmfear  Maybelline  Walmart Oi fuck off
Ladies, ladies, ladies.. why are we spending  50 at Aerie when these Walmart swimsuits are cute!?
ive made a great discovery it's frozen  walmart sushi you get 15 rolls for  5.30 you can't beat that price and it tastes kind of authentic
I’m competing in the OREO Games! Vote for me at 
 Smalex20 Anything associated with Walmart is ass
 Maybelline  Walmart  h0ldmypoodle look how pale those shades are
I think this is adequate parenting. Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart 
Meijer is the middle child of Screw Up Walmart and Goodie Two Shoes Target.
TIL: Walmart instore does not pricematch amazon.ca. And biz owners wonder why physical stores are going down the drain.
 BloodborneHuntR  mterps25 Said a person with fake picture. Both of you are probably a walmart college sport fan.
Wildlife...In Walmart parking lot. 
There's nothing scarier than shopping at Walmart
I look beat asf when it's hot, I look like I been sitting outside Walmart selling fish plates since 11 this morning
i'm by the fabric section at walmart and someone needs to get me outta here before i buy fabric and make a bongbong
Man killed himself today in front of Walmart of La Quinta.  Flipped onto median
I swear Walmart has the worst employees
we bought spontaneously bought a pool at walmart 
local market isn't providing all we need to supply us and  BuddyDTraveldog food-wise. Next trip to big town with WalMart & a butcher.
Little Tikes Picnic on the Patio Playhouse only  197! (Reg  299) via Price Match at Walmart, ... 
Great day for a water fight with   PrimeTimeWaterBlasters!!! Pick up these Adventure Force water blasters at… 
 nhunguyen__ I remember when that walmart first opened
Kids ages 2 and 5 found locked in trunk while mom shops at Walmart: ‘My babysitter didn’t show up’  
do you every miss your mom or your dad   walmart
 Maybelline  Walmart this is amazing because my walmart doesn't even have a 355
We're at Walmart rn bc Drew wants to buy Eric an Xbox for his bday so that he has somebody to play online with 😂
Meanwhile in Charlotte Walmart: Deer Wrangling! 
Someone call me when I get to Walmart please
how did autumn and i find a bathing suit we liked at walmart of all places lmaoooo 
This is so HEARTWARMING 
Mom Allegedly Locked Kids In Car Trunk To Shop At Walmart - tell me again how the US is  1? 
No swivel xacto knife in Walmart, so still carving with a  11 blade.
Utah Mom Allegedly Locked Kids In Car Trunk To Shop At Walmart 
 718Shaun youtube Walmart by Mr Ghetto LOL
 Gagosian  TylerGreenDC  wexarts  wordpressdotcom 
Bad Walmart Art?
once again i run into noelle & her mom at Walmart 😂
walmart or
 Walmart_Haircut  TheBigDippur  SportsCenter YOOOO THE 12 year old kid is back with a hot girl in his profile picture! EXPOSE HIM
 Maybelline  Walmart Why are you refusing to update the shade range for the dewy + smooth foundation?
 Maybelline  Walmart Yessss Maybelline killing the competition!!! 💜💜💜
for once i actually dont want to be on my comp i wanted to go to thinkgeek and walmart i wanna fucking die
 BI_contributors "grew a whopping 63% in the first quarter of 2018." A report from the future? Does Walmart possess time travel?
 Walmart is only store that doesn't trust me. Always checking my receipt and cart at the exit. Just walked whole cart back in for refund
always creep ass middle aged men at walmart Always
Idk why everyone at walmart is on crack..this used to be a nice store.. this guy is holding up the line cause he is using 13 diff gift cards
Me Isa and Ann went into Walmart to buy a  25 blow up pool and we left spending  80 for a pool party wtf
ur wcw put together a shelf from Walmart but nailed the brown side of the particle board backing frontways n had to redo it its me im ur wcw
 TheBigDippur  SportsCenter With Waffle House waitresses instead of you, M'lady
 Maybelline  Walmart Come to South Africa ASAP!!! cc  Maybelline_SA
She blocked me on snap and imessage because she couldn't find me and tag me in Walmart Hide-N-Seek.
Why have children when you're going to abuse them.

 Maybelline  Walmart If only you'd stop testing on animals...
 Maybelline  Walmart this is the best foundation ever in my opinion
 Maybelline  Walmart is this just for the matte and poreless??? 👀
I'll be talking fishing  Walmart Fri. June 2. Stop by w/the kids  bayoubugjigs  GajoBaits  LiquidMayhem_  Fishidy… 
 Italianeyesx0 Why? I love it!! well sort..the walmart and the DD pppl always get our drinks wrong😂😂
It's no longer a theory, Its reality(WALMART-MART-LAW) Pt.3 via  YouTube
News Update: Utah Mom Allegedly Locked Kids In Car Trunk To Shop At Walmart 
if y'all lookin for fidget spinners, Walmart has them for  4
Carregador de Bateria BestBattery, NB ... Apenas R 89.90 Acesse  Cameras  DSLR  oferta… 
Utah Mom Allegedly Locked Kids In Car Trunk To Shop At Walmart  news
 THE_BrentBecker You're a tweaker now!? 😂 and you can eat habanero Peper's whole and almost have a masters in building Walmart furniture! 😂
"I bought him Ray Bans because he had the racist dad Walmart sunglasses."
 Walmart_Haircut  HereNorDare  AtlantaFalcons  MBStadium warriors fan? lmao
 Maybelline  Walmart Bless up
lost  10 in walmart 😒
Kids ages 2 and 5 found locked in trunk while mom shops at Walmart: 'My babysitter didn’t show up' 

 EmilyBe17993458  Maybelline  Walmart I GOTCHU
 Maybelline  Walmart will they end up in like walgreens and target?
If you go to Walmart and forget to buy bacon, did you really go to Walmart?
 larrytucker555 
Walmart paid  7.1billion last year (not estimated)

And those underpaid em… 
 Walmart garden center is looking really awful. The plants just need a little care. 
my dad would really drop me off   the ghettoest Walmart in Oakland by myself😑😒🙄
Mix 'n' match swimsuits for whatever summer style suits you. Find in-store and online now.  realsolutions… 
Seen the cutest baby boy in Walmart yesterday. He legit gave me baby fever. It's gone now tho lol
I hate walmart and the people that go there
 malcwants2die Walmart is lit wtf you talking about
Currently waiting fifteen minutes in a Walmart so my brother can get a refund after being overcharged on two onions. Two.
 Maybelline  Walmart And Canadian shoppers get left in the dust like always when it comes to make up
Enjoyed our Edwards S'mores Creme Pie this holiday weekend while camping  WhyIPie,  GotItFree,  OwnTheOccasion,  EdwardsDesserts   Walmart
 jstines3 Perhaps prevention is the better answer. Some of the parents I see pushing babies in Walmart makes me wonder.
when u go to walmart at 1 am and your bff buys you a helmet for ur roller skates so u don't die 
 Maybelline  Walmart  lenaloveslifeX you need to get me that white shade. for your pale ass friend overseas. 💀👻😂😂😂😂😂
 BayardoLorena these are at Walmart for  3 in the ethnic hair section 😂😂😂 
im at walmart right now and like seventeen dramatic things just happened. God bless America.
Went into Walmart with a budget of  20. I actually spent only  20. 🙌🏼  FirstTimeForEverything
OMG I finally found  LiquidMayhem_ at Walmart!!! I've been waiting months to try this stuff. Woohoo!! 
 Maybelline  Walmart high end makeup brands are shook!!
I just realized I'm not cute enough for target and I should've went to Walmart
 Maybelline  meghanhilley  Walmart Oh my gosh that light one looks super pale I'm so excited I might finally find a… 
It's all about Walmart and frozen stuff 
They are playing Miano pan in Walmart and  Denlesks photoshop pops into my head. My family; what are you laughing about?? Me; nothing
i was at walmart the other day and there is a contest for lucky charms to win a box of nothing but the marshmallows
Grown azz man Bitchin bout the heat as he is pushin carts at Walmart... roof a house then bitch!!!
 Maybelline  Walmart Fucking finally !!!!
 Maybelline  Walmart the first shade dlsbdbsjjsj who is that white
Just to let y'all know. Walmart got swimsuit for  5!  2.50 for top  2.50 for bottoms
 Maybelline  Walmart Sweet! Thank you girl❤  vampythoness
I liked a  YouTube video If Superstore Ads Were Honest - Honest Ads (Target, Walmart Parody)
A bear at Walmart? 🐻Police in Somerset say it's true! Coming up on  LEX18News at 6, hear from neighbors who wonder… 
 Maybelline  Walmart But you still test on animals 🙄
The Harrisville Walmart women's restroom (front end of the store) seems to have more venereal diseases than it's patrons. 2/10
take a shot every time someone in Walmart mentions fidget spinners
Ordered the Magic Bullet (ours is broken) on Saturday and Walmart is delivering it today. Crazy
But I probably won't expand into those until October or so. Need to lay a foundation with Microsoft, Walmart, Coke, proctor and gamble...
 Cannibal_Sauce  DavidYankovich  MLCzone It might sell well in Walmart.
y'all i need to go to walmart and get good but i think corey is uploading today & idk what time
 Amazon may be able to use all those boarded up  Sears  Macys  Target  Walmart stores to distribute goods & launch their  Drones.  Domains
My sister after our trip to Walmart: Why is killing our planet so cheap
Come Meet Former Houston Texan & Autoimmune Encephalitis Survivor Amobi Okoye At The Grand Opening of Walmart... 
was wondering why Walmart didn't have any. slick forgot graduation & stuff was going on.
Don't know why I just remembered that there's a Walmart ad with My House by Flo Rida in it.
I've walked around this Walmart three times and still can't find the cleaning supplies 🙃
 SCOUTiSOUT Listen .. it's the place .. I think it's called .. Wal.. Walmart or something like that I'm sure they have some
I just bought a shirt at Walmart with stains on it
 Maybelline  Walmart Stop testing on animals!
aw walmart replying to everyone in the comments with compliments yall cute 
Raise your hand if you've gotten so frustrated at G'ville Walmart that you've left and went to Boaz more than once 🙋🏼
Now that's something you don't see every day. A boat ran into a car at the red light in front of Walmart. Only in Sumter.
 Walmart 
Posted in the baby isle. 
Wife drug me out here. I can't escape 
If you're in meridian the Walmart on the hill has the new loose setting  powders and the extended rang of foundatio… 
Marvel Comics hit on a local Walmart when they filmed me.
Running to Walmart to get some stuff for the poor doggo with allergies that constantly itches, Zoey needs oatmeal shampoo lol.
Im so awkward when i see people i know at walmart smh
the girls in my mind and body positivity group on Facebook and i are meeting up at Walmart wish us luck
 MrGrumpyPants24  JonDon509  xFullEffect I'll be on in 30 min bro I'm at Walmart
Just walking in the Palestine Walmart will make you hate the town
Walmart in Detroit Lakes has reopened after a called-in bomb threat

 SimoneWadham  Kmart  Walmart YOU CAN PAY WITH PAYPAL. *BROKE FOR LYFE*
 lacywearsprada When I got my first foot tattoo I went out to buy flats that wouldn't touch it at all. Shitty flats from Walmart haha.
I mean i shouldve looked at the shorts and not just the tag. It was walmart
 GlamModelAbby  Walmart Filthy unfit piece of garbage sad excuse for a human & parent. Just saying
 Yollom1 From Walmart!!?
 bonitatiffanyy I can go now 🤔 getting gas next to walmart
Update to  Walmart woes: 2 mths later still no item no refund & absolutely no compensation!NEVER trust Walmart  thieves  customerservicefail
Shop Thousands of  Clearance  Items for as little as  1.47 +  Walmart ( )  macys  kmart  walmart  amazon  ebay
Never in my life will I come to the Walmart in Kearny again.
Walmart should've never fucked us Over, we miss McDonalds
 weatherninja A new Walmart
"This place is classier than Walmart" -girl at Target
 Maybelline  Walmart  EmilyBe17993458 new shades of u haven't found one yet lol
The First Years Colorful Stack & Count Cups: 2-Sets for  3.62 at Walmart or 1-Set for  1.80 Amazon add-on item (...… 
 Lauren3Perry alley behind the conroe walmart
 SimoneWadham  Kmart  Walmart There are so many things I want that I didn't even know I wanted or needed until of look my trolley is full.
Nintendo of America surveyed Walmart's Inkling Boy amiibo while writing illuminati conspiracies
Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix & Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meat... 
I'm almost 20 and get lost at Walmart
Watching people in the Walmart parking lot trying to load a huge TV in the back of a tiny car. It won't fit. They didn't think this through.
 Diegoiest  WeisseNero  MerrewetherWolf joke's on you, I'm stubborn and always use a basket at Walmart!
 priscillastamos i dont go to walmart a lot bc they absolutely suck as a corporation but 🤔🤔
loved NOLA since that walmart song by mr.ghetto 
Walmart is back open in   DetroitLakesMN after bomb scare. 

When U c ROBLOX Card At Walmart

 ROBLOX
I can unequivocally state that  Kmart is like  Walmart without the groceries!  OnlineGoals 
Y'all talk about McDonalds employees but can we talk about Walmart employees?!
I'll fall back and hope it starts all over again in Walmart. 😫😂😂
I do this in Walmart all the time lol 
Walmart is lit 
Me and my boyfriend are in Walmart playing hide and seek and he keeps running away anytime I find him this isn't fair
My God, going to Walmart is depressing, and more expensive than if I went to Publix, somehow.
Working at Walmart 😍😭😩 mannnn I'm such a lil thot pocket
 WeisseNero  dante_rosso  MerrewetherWolf Dante is

Broken Walmart Shopping Cart
Holy shit why did I come to the east side Walmart lmao
 Kiwi_Foxx I showed my father two of the cruiser bikes that were on sale at my local walmart for  80. I'll send you… 
 katrieber  idina_here  idinamenzel if u want a copy of Idina's CD Do This It is really good I have it  Her persona… 
 Walmart do you guys sell cheetos xtra flamin hot at the Wal-Mart's in mexico?
Shopping cart seatbelt? Sometimes. Culprit when carts won't separate? Always.  Walmart 
 ALostrich my grandmother just said that on judgement day she's gonna need an early warning or she won't have time to go to Walmart first. 😂
 MoneyLynch  cwoodson24  RAIDERS  ESPNNFL There is too much red in this picture....what store would do that? Even W… 
Last night we had a smoke sesh and we ended up   Walmart buying tons of food to make , honestly it was great lmao
 tinylambs Have you checked Walgreens, cvs, or Walmart? I always see them there
When u wanna go swimming so bad but u just got your hair done 😂😂😂 Walmart bag over her head 
Shopped at my favorite Walmart today.   Strolled down the cookware aisle and saw these beautiful floral kettles... 
I'm at  Walmart in White Plains, NY w/  awlynford 
 Maybelline  Walmart  sophdoesnails a porcelain shade that'll suit your skin tone 😀
Walmart Delivers E-Commerce Stunner 
know your enemy by green day is playing over the radio at walmart lmao
 baileyawalker Walmart is a wasteland of idiots
2 Tone Fitness Adjustable Beaded Jump Ropes for  4 + pickup at Walmart - 
If I dropped it in Walmart thas dead
Why does Walmart smell like bad breath?
NEW 2017 All USA People Need To See This! WALMART -  - Please share this.
 georgiakansan What do you want to live by? Do you want middle of no where drive an hour for a Walmart or closer to… 
Great results from  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  SheSpeaksUp 
8-1. fine this is a lie because lance and lotor could beat me up in a walmart parking lot and i'd thank them.
Idc when, you are going to see someone you know at Walmart.
Bringing an eight year old to Walmart was a terrible idea... someone come get my daughter outta here before I leave her 😩😩
Fam what is Walmart doin 
 _BIGREED  1 at Walmart 🤙🏼
blasting thnks fr the mmrs in walmart
 theyellashawty Then it's just a variety of face masks like once a week (shea moisture has good ones at Walmart) an… 
TRUCK CAUGHT ON FIRE AT WALMART: via  YouTube
Omg i was so sleep on walmart deli plates 😭 6 wings w mac and cheese for  3.98 and they bussssss
Update:  Walmart fuck you for selling us an empty box.  Target you're the best 💜 
I realize it's summer and a holiday, but can we agree to not come to Walmart in a bikini without a cover-up?  pleasestop
 Diegoiest  dante_rosso  MerrewetherWolf I can picture him at a Walmart, but he's stuck with a cart with one of the wheels that doesn't work
I'm not 1 to discriminate agnst the general Walmart population, but I'm fairly certain most Forensic Files cases begin in Walmart p. lots.
y'all need to tell y'all momma , cousins aunts uncles whatever to control they kids in walmart i was never allowed to do allat shit
Walmart, Woman, Children, and Cars. See where this is going?  mssnews  Autoplay video.
I need to go to walmart but to lazy to get up 
i  kill jenny walmart my
Walmart ... 
Beautiful place to stay during the most important event of the year!
 wmtshares  walmart… 
Grocery stores need a cell phone parking lot like airports have.  HEB  kroger  Walmart
but banks are closed. so i went to walmart and waited in 2 lines and then guess what?? they couldnt read the check and told me to leave --
 Wes10 i swear i just saw ur dad in walmart
I hate Walmart
 Walmart - any answers? 
What Walmart needs to "drain" in all the huge reservoir behind them ??? 
FREE Baby Box! - 
 Broadsword_Six We own guns but don't want the nutjobs that live around us carrying them to the Walmart!  100% agre… 
 raissaaab_ Walmart, target, hair store
Rat traps in Walmart. Not buying food here now. 
Win a  50 Walmart Gift Card 
 theyellashawty Noxema face wash in the morning and night. I do this with a exfoliating pad (from Walmart, they're… 
Why does it take 8 years to checkout in Walmart? 🙄
 saves_cooper98 True! I still talk about that day you almost killed me in the parking lot of Walmart 😂😂
My misophonia CANNOT handle Walmart...yoh!
Sheesh a huge truck just drove by.  Someone moving in?  Like a WalMart?=}
Getting out of this Walmart parking lot is literally like leaving Coachella
 escociia Walmart, lets be real. I've been there, done that. Or maybe I have old lady fashion taste?? 😂😂😂😅
I left my house at 2:41 and just now , got to Walmart in wareham, at 4:34
 fuIIofheII It's so fucking gross I had to lick my mans neck in Walmart cause this man wouldn't stop staring at me… 
💨💃when you.make a quick run to Walmart just to get away from the kids for a few  momlife
 ADRIAN_KAL_EL 6 pack is all I seen... check Walmart or any liquor store
Buy Anadrole Max At Walmart Today!


 Anadrole  AnadroleCoupons  AnadroleDiscounts… 
Nah

Don't wear headdresses if you're not from a tribe and in ceremony. 

Just like I don't wear unearned purple he… 
STILL AVAILABLE!! FREE Cake Mate Candles at Walmart!! via Everyone Loves Couponing - This awesome ... 
 ShelteredChan I got a galaxy s5 for  100 off from walmart since it was on clearance
 OhioHuntNFish  LiquidMayhem_ You can grab some at Walmart and number of places carry it online..
 Maybelline  TrenDMooD  Walmart Thank you !!!!! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
I'm at  Walmart in Cahokia, IL 
 nenaluxury chanel vs. walmart
 Walmart  Walmart Bought this Italian bread from Walmart and this is what the whole loaf looked like!! Can't make a… 
I think I might pass out in this Walmart 🌚 this cold medicine is no joke
 Maybelline  Walmart Why only at Walmart?! My Local CVS could a bit more Melanin.
i'm so ashamed of how much money i just spent at walmart 😞i blame consumerism
Tell Amazon, Home Depot, and Walmart to stop selling Roundup. (via Organic Consumers Association)... 
👌🏻👌🏼👌🏽👌🏾👌🏿Cause  Beauty comes in different colors 16 NEW  Maybelline SHADES for the  FitMeFoundation line 🙌🏼🙌🏽👏🏾👏🏿N… 
 jourdyhendrix_ So when are we hitting every Walmart in Milwaukee county? I'm ready.
Les Schwab will do that no fucking problem but apparently walmart mechanics think they're the shit
Coming to Walmart and leaving with other shit I didn't come here for 🙄
 IdentitariaView  KangasMom1  O_Dolly  ShaunKing  Walmart 🤷🏾‍♀️🤷🏾‍♀️it is what it is.
i wanna go to walmart n do some impractical jokers type shit
walmart brand kardashian
I'm that guy that carries on a convo with the checkout clerk at Walmart while a line forms behind me....my bad!   ManofthePeople
The difference between Amazon & Walmart and the lesson to be learned.  radio  TV  Marketing  Advertising  Management
Went to walmart to get my car tire pumped and they laughed at me for not know how to do that. Fuck you.
 At  Walmart:  Jack  Link's  jerky  230  g - Save  2.50 on Any variety.   cashbackoffers  checkout51... 
Some shoppers at a Walmart in Somerset came face-to-face with a real black bear.


Shame on  Walmart for defrauding customers in Irving Dallas location  cnn please note and run a story on how Walmar… 
 JanaeSkaggs Girl that's me anywhere....Dr's office, Walmart, funerals...
Everybody keep askin is im comin back to Walmart 😂🤦🏻‍♀️ HEll MFiNGGGGGG NAHHHHHHH BiTCCHHHHHH ❗️
Just seen this lady at Walmart (cashier supervisor) talk to the cashier all kinds of crazy. Irritated my soul.
 BethEWest OMG, REALLY? I'll compare it to walmart
 itsanoma  RenDireWolf  hawsepony  TrigHorse  barikizomg  Lionel_Toy I thought it was a unicorn too but it's a Pega… 
Buy HGH X2 Max At Walmart Today


 HGHX2  HGHX2Coupons  HGHX2Discounts  HGHX2Deals… 
 Walmart Bad service by internet!!
 cassidyburt33 Let's go to Walmart later 😋
 backdoordrafts  JoyAnnReid They req a criminal, credit history, and personal references ck to work at Walmart, but… 
 Maybelline  ZurahXMinaj  Walmart GURL. How tf is this pale? Do yall make makeup for Casper now? 
if y'all really think im really guna take my grown ass to walmart to buy some toys just to get a pr sequel then u would be absolutely right
Reports of bomb threat at Detroit Lakes Walmart

 AlexiaDesiree  Maybelline  Walmart Ooooo yay!!
Walmart is a mile away, gas station around the corner....you know gas station groceries aren't so bad
Lindsay was at Walmart when she noticed a woman struggling to wrangle her 5 kids and load her groceries onto the... 
im gonna be bigger than walmart
 queenbookbuff  Walmart I was going to ask a question and thought against.  Just bought it on  amazon !
i was told there was a kanye hat at walmart and it ain't here
 BespokeDave  UrbanOutfitters To be honest, I've already googled giant inflatable swans at Walmart for my trip this… 
Police: Woman locked 2 kids in trunk, went shopping in Walmart - KTRK-TV  Shopping
 PatroldogWayne  GlamModelAbby  Walmart  walmarts Walmarts in Vegas suck!!! They are dirty the employees are rude,… 
I tried Walmart but they're useless they don't got none
 erin654 Yes!!! I got a Space Jam, Power Rangers and Freddy Vs Jason shirt in the Walmart men's section recently.
Nah.  mattyglesias wouldn't set foot in a Walmart! 
really hot pharmacist at walmart wtf
Damn all the fidget spinners at Walmart are sold out 😫😫😫
 jambeauty89 made me buy it! It was finally in stock at my local Walmart! Thanks Jess! 
2 Sets of First Years Stack and Count Cups for  4 + pickup at Walmart

 booberlee That's a good question. Check out the Maybelline website or stop in one of our stores to see the new shades.-Nici
At a professional conference, and people are STILL just taking pens. Go to Walmart, you can get them in bulk, and different colours
 GlamModelAbby  walmarthelp  WalmartNewsroom  WalmartAction  Walmart I always worried about food made at  walmart!!!!
 Maybelline  Walmart  rosieheadland that white one has ur name on it lass
 Le_Saritaah I KNOW😭 Lol, and we were at walmart when i took that video he kept looking around like "SOMEBODY GET THIS BITCH OFF ME"😭😭
Anyone else think the  Indians Memorial Day hats look like they came from the hillbilly apparel section of  Walmart?
 Walmart  walmarthelp On 05/29/2017, bought GV olive oil. Price displayed was  17.96 and charged  20.28. Refunded o… 
I can't talk to you if you go to Walmart over Target just saying
 WolverSteve  XMenFilms  WolverineMovie  RealHughJackman  mang0ld Got the WalMart exclusive bluray with the Logan c… 
Not sure I see the value added. Walmart could copy and they have more stores reaching wider range of customers.… 
Lmfaooo Walmart Lit
Police: Woman locked 2 kids in trunk, went shopping in Walmart - KTRK-TV 
EPIC LEGO STAR WARS HAUL (Tru & Walmart) (Haul 89): via  YouTube
 PeoplesAnthony  Walmart Guess they don't have a helpful smile in every aisle!
 JessicaDalton5 it's bc I'm at Walmart -____-
 Suckmyassbutera  Maybelline  Walmart Germany can't relate :/
Walmart's fried wings are a gift from God 🙌🏾
 Rizz_Kingpin CVS, Walgreens, Walmart
 princeusagi i think so??? idk someone posted this on instagram i think its in walmart
Walmart sucks! They don't have my chocolate chip cookie dough Atkins bars 😒😩
Guy at Walmart stopped me and said "I'm sorry can I just....." and… 
At my local Walmart. via /r/funny 
 50 Walmart Gift Card 
 ryantoconnell Lol u would shop at walmart
 Maybelline  Walmart Whats that fourth shade on the left arm??
One of these bum ass Walmart hoes stole my lip gloss dude while I was sleep
 theoneinonlyrgt  KangasMom1  O_Dolly  ShaunKing  Walmart Way to prove you're civilized
Police: Woman locked 2 kids in trunk, went shopping in Walmart - KTRK-TV  shopping  bargains 
 Maybelline  Walmart the dewy one is my all time favorite foundation but it's not cruelty free or vegan 😭 I'll buy it so quick when it is!
 FRS_Babe Yeah very interesting, minimal charges at a Walmart in Tennessee. Glad i even bothered looking at my account today.
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart on lockdown
Try these cereal bites & get a FREE box of Cheerios at  Walmart too!  ad  getonegiveone  cheerios  withlove

Here:… 
 Maybelline  Walmart What is that lightest shade on top?
Police: Woman locked 2 kids in trunk, went shopping in Walmart 
Walmart allows dogs I been knowing or else kiki wouldn't be in here
 korynnoc walmart low key has deals tho
Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart 

 TrumpTimes
I just tried getting into the wrong car at Walmart, how's your day going
Then I'm gonna haul myself to Walmart to fight the people of jville and run their children over with my buggy. Jk jk
 Walmart shoplifter loses  650 worth of stolen items while trying to run. WATCH VIDEO: 
Walmart?  jacobcruik 
Like Walmart and Hoverrounds. 
 walmarthelp Poor experience with  Walmart Visa card service was posted May 26. I can provide details if you want t… 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Bakersfield, Calif 
Just got the entire wave of the home coming spider man wave for  8 each at walmart  pituvision  toyhuntr 
I NEED TO get 100 viewers on younow, or I'M A BORING LOSER whose destiny is 2 kill myself with the 30 sleeping pills I just bought   Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart lockdown
 Walmart_Haircut  HereNorDare  AtlantaFalcons  MBStadium Cringeworthy ya bandwagon fuck
 Maybelline  Walmart I'm proud
 Maybelline  Walmart can't see the darker shades online
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart's Future Plans - How BIG is This? This Summer?
Wait, did we just go that long way just to go to walmart???
I feel so weird going to Walmart without chino. I never go alone
I wanna settle in something like this with maybe 10 dogs running around and a Walmart nearby. 😩♥️😍🐕 
This Walmart in cali is the scariest oneI've been to yet 
oh and this latest batch of carnitas is better than the last. my recipe tweaks are paying off. i need more tortillas. Walmart had none. wtf.
The WalMart self-checkouts don't need to be 12 items or fewer, they need to be 100 IQ points or higher.   fb
 BxRstump aw thank you ♡♡♡ i really don't like my hair but i always get so many compliments! a little girl gave me… 
I would cast Matthew Perry in a film about Elvis being discovered alive and working in Walmart.
 nicholaswolfson  Julieontheright  mitchellvii Walmart is having a huge Kool-aid sale buy 1 get 1
Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain  
Shoplifting suspect dead after officer-involved shooting at Missouri Wal-Mart  walmart  shoplifting
Walmart: Colebrook 4-Piece Outdoor Conversation Set (3 Colors) -  496! Free in-store pickup /  30 shipping. 
 ColbyBrock do you wanna go to walmart to pick up some male rompers and some fidget spinners whilst wearing crocs?? 
my idea of a great day
 zeromegabytes walmart operates in Canada, United States, Mexico, Central America, United Kingdom, Japan, India, Argentina, Brazil
Its been an heck of a day every thing fell apart toward the end of my shift   Walmart Oxford 
My mom and I are checking are blood pressure in Walmart bc we're lame & this younggg couple has walked by us about 6 times very awkwardly &
In a  Boise Walmart ... apparently the city is now a huge  Wyoming hub. 
"all this at walmart" 😭😭 
 laurakfillault  redsteeze Not having set foot in a Walmart is a badge of honor.
Walmart: the most hellish place on earth
 cyrusisbomb we stil sell miley stuff from Bolt at work I work at Walmart store:) the dog and penny doll 💚💚
 zeromegabytes oddly the cabinet and the shirt are both from walmart... theres definitely a walmart in this town
That time you graduate a couple yrs of tech  College, wks out still prospecting employers/ folks tell you walmart i… 
vro im way to high to be in walmart
KATIE 😂 IM DYING "A WALMART VERSION" BUT SO TRUE 
It smells like someone blazed it up in this Walmart bathroom.
 HankHpearson *when you buy Walmart ribs*
 rosieheadland  Maybelline  Walmart It actually is I hate it 😂😫
 Maybelline  Walmart Omg a lighter shade of fit me?! Hell yeah!
 davidpmatthews  Walmart  HomeDepot  RiverdaleCityUT Police officers be bugging.. Better than shooting at you I guess  OPDpoliceSuck
Detroit Lakes Walmart cleared after alleged bomb threat  LOCKDOWN Just after 1 p.m. Monday, Walmart in Detroit Lak…
Just found out with coworker that is there at Walmart since 21 years. Gotten to say and asked her about her years... 
 HereNorDare  AtlantaFalcons  MBStadium In the business' 4th quarter supposedly.  I'm taking a wait and see approac… 
 zeromegabytes the shirt looks familiar, like something sold at walmart
My mom told me I'm not allowed to go to Walmart with her anymore 🙃
How is walmart's cheese ball seasonal🤔
I want a party but I don't want to plan it. High key can they sell party in a box at Walmart or something because I would buy.
 Thehoneybee67  Maybelline  Walmart 50?!?? You don't look a day over 30🤤👏❤️
I liked a  YouTube video Van Living: 9 Great Tips to Sleep at Walmart / 3 Tips you NEVER Heard!
 Maybelline  Walmart It's about time, now I can start buying it again finally in my right color....I lightest one 😅
customers   Walmart have some f'ed up logic.
 Johnson2Claudia  Maybelline  Walmart I can never find a foundation pale enough it's a nightmare!!!
i go to walmart
 ROBLOX
I hate going to Walmart but it be worth it 😏
EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Rodgers & Kelly Rohrbach casually dating despite report she's seeing Walmart heir Steuart Walton 
*Grabs Walmart intercom* IF DIGIORNO'S ISN'T DELIVERY, HOW DO THEY GET IT TO THE STORE? *fighting noises* DELIVER US THE TRUTH!
 Maybelline  Walmart  tayler_jaeger  they have new shades you should try it again! 😊
I liked a  YouTube video Man Shopping For Headphones In Walmart And Was Followed Around By Security!
& go to Walmart
the Walmart gives you society with the eradicated nail polish; the doable society with the blocked capitalist 😱
Somehow I always end up at the Walmart on 103rd on Memorial Day lol
Someone just got informed they had an emergency at home. By the intercom. At Walmart. Now all of Athens knows Robert had an emergency   home
Ps. He also told me he loved me in Walmart parking lot(as we headed out),tried to play it off until i pointed it out & then he took it back😊
These Walmart plates be crack.
7. I still buy (most) of my underwear from the kids section of walmart in bulk but I got some victoria secret with my best friend over break
 rdb4133 Sure! We can help. Please provide a Walmart location so we can look that up. -Zoe
 simsfan9911 Actually that is a bug in Origin. Walmart, Target, AND Amazon keys were being deleted too. CDKeys (and the like) are reputable.
Even grabbing a few things at the walmart means we have to be on top of our fashion game.… 
just got back from saint john for my dads appointment unfortunately i cant find sims 3 pets from walmart there only 3 pc games im LIKE fuck
Might have to take my ass to Walmart even though I hate going in there 
 ABQStoryteller  FxPxL1 Me too! Been boycotting Walmart for more than 10 years for exactly this reason. They have m… 
18 yo kids sent to kill innocents in Iraq, so white people can thank them in walmart when they have to use a wheelchair  happymemorialday
You'll really like this app 😀 You walk into stores like Walmart to earn free gift cards. Try it: 
 hollyjnew  Maybelline  Walmart Omg yes
My boater mother almost got in a fist fight with some lady at Walmart 😭💀
My mom is going to be super disappointed in me.... i'm going to Walmart
STILL AVAILABLE!! FREE Cake Mate Candles at Walmart!! -  couponers  couponing  couponingcommunity
shoutout to the old man at walmart that helped me cram an entertainment center in my tiny car
 Maybelline  Walmart  elean0rcalvert that lightest shade is a must
My toothpaste is  5.24 all because Walmart messed up & hit  RealTracyMorgan. He gonna be the reason why I don't have fresh breath!  5?!!!
 __Deww Walmart isn't good enough?
Update I seriously have a problem 😂 was at Walmart and bought socks and a tshirt lol I hate myself 😂😂😭
I changed Walmart's display phones to the Queen  Alaska5000 😂❤️✨ 
Lets got see what the people of Walmart are doing
 Beautymarked231  Maybelline  Walmart How much were the palettes at Walmart? They aren't available on the Walmart w… 
Saw  GetOutMovie last night; met a 60 yr.old guy  inthesunkenplace this a.m. He told me he was afraid of being in the local city's WalMart.
 GlamModelAbby  walmarthelp  WalmartNewsroom  WalmartAction  Walmart Bet the health department would like to know about this!!!!
 Walmart it's the only thing my Silly girl will eat! I can't afford   1.69 plus  5.99 shipping 
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance via  forbes 
 LW_GMM_SPN you might! it's carried in a lot of regular groceries stores. even my walmart back in nowhere pennsylvania had it!
 redsteeze LOL! Matty in a Walmart.
 princeo Welcome! Thanks for stopping by. Are you finding everything that you need. -Nici
God forbid  Walmart tries to make a customer happy when they were in the wrong. Always a disappointment. My poor kid.
Lego Clearance Walmart Haul - Lego Star Wars  legostarwars  starwars  lego  walmart
 ShaunOttawa Yes. Take a walk through Walmart.
I'm trying to live a Chanel lifestyle on a Walmart budget
 KitsuneWhisper  LaJuliLv  Airkittycat15  sarahmi042003  Daniel31299 Bey em from walmart*
Target > Walmart
 miss_missing_yu  officedepot Walmart is better! 💜-G
So  going to the mall and Walmart with my wife is like going 2 the gym..
 Beautymarked231  Maybelline  Walmart The chrome highlight isn't available on Amazon anymore!! I should have bought… 
Do I wanna go to Walmart....
 ricochet_en Just looking at Clarke (Cheshire Cat) makes me ill- Walmart needs greeters‼️
 LaJuliLv  KitsuneWhisper  Airkittycat15  sarahmi042003  Daniel31299 *takes ur credit card and buys cookies from walmart*
 CdnPress They're available at  Walmart for 39.95.
Girl, if you don't go to Walmart or any beauty supply store and get a < 5 bonnet... 
next time i go to walmart im gonna buy power rangers action figures and you can't stop me
Thank you to the kind human who turned my phone in to customer service at Walmart!!!! I appreciate it very much
 Walmart 50% OFF Brother Laser Printer ~Lots of Stock Available 
Some man in Walmart was getting absolutely heated telling these old ladies about something that happened at bingo
 Beautymarked231  Maybelline  Walmart I wonder why the master bronze palette looks different from Walmart than Amaz… 
 miss_missing_yu Not a dumb question at all! Do you want it from Walmart or Amazon?
I'm at  Walmart_br in Curitiba, PR 
Cute little buttcrack at Walmart, seen her little blue thong too 
 GlamModelAbby  walmarthelp  WalmartNewsroom  WalmartAction  Walmart VERY SERIOUS Question!!!!!
I don't know how people can buy meat and produce from Walmart... Why not support the people in your community and buy local.
I’d rather pay for my bags, like at  AldiUSA than use these whisper-thin nanoparticle bags they have at  Walmart now.
FUCK U WALMART, YOU CUNT FILLED GREED MACHINE
 awudrick  ezralevant They're available at Walmart for 39.95.
All is Well: Songs for Christmas [WalMart Exclusive] [EP] by Clay Aiken ( CD,...  Singer… 
 CarizzleG It's at Walmart for like  7, man.
saw these at walmart and hey  jacksfilms i think instead of "fam squad" we should be called "mom squad" 
 DanPhillipsMD  RadioFreeTom Yeah, open markets have been terrible. It's why Walmart never existed.
San Antonio News:  5,000 reward offered for info on suspect who allegedly robbed E. Side Walmart, threatened... 
I'm at  Walmart in White Plains, NY 
 jayzilla06 Nooo😫😂,  omg it's gonna be like when  _asheyybooh dropped all the fans at Walmart 😭😭
 StarWars Hasbro Star Wars Black Series Scarif Stormtrooper 6" Inch Walmart Exclusive HTF 
 homeslic3_  Maybelline  Walmart Straight orange here I come 
*Rolls up to Walmart* 
"Hey how much for a will to live?"
 BellaWernholm  JLaBlanc10 Hahaha looks better than any cake I got from Walmart!!
 GlamModelAbby  Walmart The majority of my shit has me responding to  walmarts because of the people AND staff.
 Maybelline  Walmart YALL ARE A BLESSING
And I have to go to Walmart or something at some point. Get some stuff. Deciding which Walmart is the least likely to piss me off.
Want a great sweet treat perfect for summer time? Try Edwards S'Mores Pie!  Walmart  EdwardsDesserts  OwnTheOccasion  WhyIPie   GotItFree
You can order your groceries online and pick them up at the weatherford Walmart...
Walmart: Tone Fitness Jump Rope Only  1.97 (Regularly  15.99) 
🚨ATTENTION🚨 Theres a fine ass girl in walmart!
 JustLiv_xox  Maybelline  Walmart Omg yesssss!!
"She got that swimsuit from Walmart I got the same one from two years ago" 😂😂😂
grace my 4 year old sister: "i'm gonna go to walmart to get me a sugar daddy!"
Also: all clear on  walmart.  DetroitLakes 
 CorgiKohmander  OriginalScuba  OriginalFunko  Target  Walmart yes yes he does. I have the same awesome friends!
My flip flop broke in Walmart
About these two, late night shenanigans at Walmart!  ShesADaddysGirl  WhatTheSamFire 
 Maybelline  Walmart Y'all did that 👏🏾 
Idk where I'm at but this Walmart got some fineeeee ass niggas (-,:
 ReelHookedCo So so true! I was at Walmart  today walking up and down the fishing section  trying to decide
my mom & i are driving to walmart and she looks behind us and said "that's kearney and austin!" and of course it is
 Envie_Secrete Walmart always hiring. I got a interview tm
the real definition of chanel x walmart 
Thats a GREAT question, bet  Walmart won't reply with an answer! 
We're the Walmart version tho ain't never seen no shark jumping in my boat here 
There's is 6 Walmart's within 30 minutes of where I live lol
 Bear gettin' his  Memorial day goody list filled at our local Somerset  Walmart.... 
Looks like one of 🍊Donnie' finest  TrumpUnivGrad. 🙃  Utah Mom Stuffed Kids in Trunk While Shopping  Walmart : Cops - 
he pisseddddd , walking around Walmart.
Walmart is my enemy.
New Pet Care Coupons = Lots of Deals at Target & Walmart! 
Garcinia Cambogia Walgreens: Is This The Best Brand? - 
Get back in your car.... Black bear surprises shoppers at Kentucky Walmart 
Could you spend  80,000 at Sam's Club and Walmart?
 
Is Walmart the only place you can buy protein powder or whatever it's called from?
Does anyone use a grocery pick up or delivery service? I've been using Walmart Grocery pick up and loving it.... 
 rosieheadland  Maybelline  Walmart The lightest shade I get for that is still so dark!! It's a joke!
 GlamModelAbby  Walmart Does not surprise me either......................
Admittedly I've never been very good at mathm but I'm pzevty sure that Walmart + h:liday; + women in momajeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
I look like a grandpa in Walmart rn
The VIDEO the GOV'T does NOT want you to see!(WALMART-MART-LAW)(2017) 
 WHITEDlCK they have them at walmart, target, gamestop, etc usually like 25 dollars
Edwards s'mores creme pie is awesome  WhyIPie,  GotItFree,  OwnTheOccasion,  EdwardsDesserts,  Walmart
 RonBurling  GlamModelAbby  Walmart Ron, have you ever been to a Walmart?????
Organic Bytes 5/25/17: Amazon, Home Depot & Walmart: Stop Peddling Monsanto's Poison

To the ceo/owner of walmart r u selling contaminated milk to the public cause the elites told u to do it??????
 zeromegabytes its only sold at walmart, ebay, and amazon. shieeeet
Goes To Walmart Steals Caitlyn Skin Code  scumbag  scumbagsteve  meme
I'm trying my best to support the show?? Oh oh!!! AND I FOUND STEVEN MERCH AR WALMART SO NOW I WANNA SPEND MONEY THAT I DONT HAVE I DIE
Update: I went to Walmart & bought tooth brush & tooth paste 😅😅
Today I bought myself a shirt at Walmart that says "super hot dad" with a grill on it
I'm at  Walmart in Chula Vista, CA 
My mother hath come thru. Thankyoueth Walmart. 
Walmart pecan...advice please!  Gardening
 zeromegabytes i think we have a match 
also a dozen eggs at walmart are  .34 right now
 imHSBandesha We take food safety seriously. Tweet us the UPC and expiration and visit so we can help. -Zoe
 keirangoddard1  pitbull If you haven't read about that gig you should, it was an open poll for which walmart and… 
Having the gay kid say that line about, "Having a love scene with a boy." LIKE IF YOU TRY & MAKE A WALMART VERSION OF KLAINE I WILL LOSE IT.
Just said good morning to the Walmart greeter at 3 in the afternoon 🤦🏼‍♂️
Walked into neighborhood Walmart to hear some Black Sabbath playing.. lit af yo
 AliceTeller unfortunately that south is on its deathbed. the new south(americanized): walmart, sportsball and poisonous fast food.
Since we're driving by... (at  Walmart Supercenter in Fredonia, NY) 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
 memorialday   Walmart Suffolk - N Main St 
Do yourself a favor and focus on the positives. 

You might be a 6, but at Walmart you're a 10
today i accidently spent  55 at walmart
 RonBurling  Walmart THATS what you got out of my post?!?!?!? wow!!!!!
 wurtzebach  matasar BoeingT/DBCFT is in peril off the bat because you have two senators with WalMart in their state. T… 
Bout to drive to Walmart and buy an inflatable kiddie pool then sit my happy self in the backyard with it
 ahodgson92 Especially being in a different Walmart than I'm accustomed to 
 zeromegabytes this shelf looks familiar 
 7.50 at walmart. 
I refuse to go to the Walmart where I live so I came to Youngstown to go to the Liberty one.
Searching for more T7s for people. This WalMart has a greetee with a "Fuck The Police" tattoo on his neck. I like my odds here.
 alerts MINNESOTA - Reports Of Bomb Threat At Detroit Lakes Walmart  preppers
Same thing I said when I saw these at Walmart yesterday! shout out to  Maybelline 😍 
 alerts  MINNESOTA - Reports Of Bomb Threat At Detroit Lakes Walmart  preppers
Fr laying on a bench inside Walmart waiting for my oil change😅
My mom wants a washer and dryer for her birthday 🤦🏽‍♀️ I need to find some on sale at Walmart or suttn
 shanedawson I THOUGHT THE WALMART AND THE MOON LANDING CONSPIRACIES FUCKED ME UP BUT HOLY SHIT SHANE
 Justsomeguy01 Hi James, Loop Paint is only available in the USA on Sorry for the inconven… 
I made a horrible mistake today. I need to get a hair cut, so while I was at Walmart, I decided to~… 
 5,000 reward offered for info on suspect who allegedly robbed E. Side Walmart, threatened employee… 
 FaZeBlaziken yo check this vid out of woah kemosabe over the walmart intercom 
 zeromegabytes not from IKEA. checking walmart
Why is this lady in walmart shopping wit winter gloves on
Walmart: KC Masterpiece Baked Beans as low as  0.65! on  bloglovin
When your in Walmart and isn't she lovely starts playing over the intercom, and all you can think about is  Harry_Styles xfactor audition 😊
Bruh I'm in Walmart smelling like gas 😂 that's why people looking at me 😂
 Maybelline  Walmart What's the name of the 3rd one on the left????
Swear to god I just saw Kenny Powers at Walmart
walmart here i come
 RonBurling  GlamModelAbby  Walmart DON'T be silly!!!!!
Our van was hit in the Walmart parking lot earlier. Don't know who it was and they didn't leave… 
 Maybelline  Walmart Are you guys at least working toward being cruelty free ☹️🙂
En walmart
 polrize don't you just love walmart cake
 redsteeze I'm trying to imagine Yglesias stepping foot in a Walmart.....
 etniescocktail Looks like I'm hitting up Walmart! 😂
 Joshua_Clark187  IlladelphiaJ  Big_Roon I would say Walmart version of Seth Rogan
 Maybelline  Walmart  mjaconelli1 there is a shade for you now!
Even bears shop at Wal-Mart.  
I've literally been to Walmart everyday this week lmfao
Thousand of Walmart store closed : made into prisons and filled with military tanks !
OPEN YOUR EYES ! 
 EspJacob Now I'm not invited to go to Walmart either rude bruh
Throwback to when I was hanging with Chase and Seth needed condoms and so we were jammin to this on our way to Walm… 
 Maybelline  Walmart That Shade Range though  HereforIt  fitmefoundation 💃🏾💃🏾💃🏾💃🏾💃🏾 
current mood: disassociating in a walmart while billy joel plays over the intercom
There's no place more disgusting than a Walmart McDonald's.
 redsteeze Taking Yglesias to Walmart would be a hate crime
walmart is so messy omg
Mother Arrested After Allegedly  Locking  Kids Inside  Trunk To Shop At Walmart 
Everytime I pull up   Walmart I b wan pull off😭
Im listening to a song about sex, full blast in the Walmart parking lot with the windows down... ERBODY GONNA GET LITTTT
 Walmart   AD AGENCY UNLIMITED USA =  AN ONLINE SPECIALITY ADVERTISING  &  IDEA  AGENCY ,  FOR  WALMART ! ! !
Imagine yglesias met those old guys in MAGA hats in a Walmart. His face would have come out the back off his head like Homer chili episode
Well drake and I went Walmart and got a free puppy Lmao.
 Maybelline  Walmart Perfect!!!
 CNN It is Walmart. You walk away from a-holes daily.
I liked a  YouTube video MR.GHETTO - Walmart (Wally World) Bounce/Twerk Video
I liked a  YouTube video People of Walmart! VOL. 2 - FUNNY People Compilation 2017
I wish Canadian Walmart's and gas stations had alcohol
 Retweet  Art  Ready2HangArt Painted Petals XXIII Canvas Wall Art 
Why go to the circus freak show when you can just go to Walmart on the weekends?
 ellodei Arent' you just excited to hear this great news. Have you tried any Fit Me foundations yet? -Nici
Libby the close minded coral chicken from Walmart,
I missed Walmart on San Mateo
This woman had 15 Walmart gift cards...all declined. Rip
 TrinKellan  Walmart Pedos shop every where. Fake woke.
 repqnz  _2_Chinz_ I just bought a pair of Starter sneakers at WalMart for  18 for the yard and running errands
Soooo age 39?
Only  8.48 (reg  29.99)
This is currently  18.53 at Walmart!!
Comment if you grab it! AD 
Y'all come see me at Walmart
 Walmart It is kind of ridiculous that one of your stores is out of propane on one of the biggest grilling days of the year. Its been a week
Happy Birthday husband love Edwards S'mores from Walmart  WhyIPie  GotItFree  OwnTheOccassion  EdwardsDesserts  Walmart
. Walmart is better 
It be hella cute bitches at Walmart off New Bern 💯😂
Walmart
 Maybelline  Walmart now if only yall would stop testing on animals :')
 Maybelline  Walmart What does everyone think of this foundation? I like the fitme concealer but not tried the foundation yet
We've been notified that there has been an 'all clear'. Detroit Lakes WalMart had re-opened.
 007Tford  7 at walmart. Clearance. 
 DashcamCrashcam  Walmart Please have your girlfriend send us a DM with additional details including the store address so we can assist.
2 Sets of First Years Stack and Count Cups for  4 + pickup at Walmart… 
Me and issac almost died on the way back from Walmart
 NewsSourceLA  Walmart I always thought that was a 909/951 thing.  Costco especially. "But i'm waiting for a pizza" isnt a valid reason.
Single Mother; A lazy narcissistic bitch who locks her kids in the trunk while she goes shopping at Walmart.
How I was in Walmart today 😭😭 
Six flags with babe  tapdiva101 
 Elite_made The turkey creek Walmart or cedar bluff Kroger, they have literally anything
When dressing yourself for the day, always remember: Sears Catalogue on the outside, WalMart meme on the inside.
Young neighborhood Walmart in university stupid
 Walmart Still asking us to buy Chinese or asking the venders to consider ' alternative ' locations for manufacturi… 
 Maybelline  Walmart Finally a one pale enough for me  ErinBeth2002 😅
I found this  Walmart gift cert when I was looking through some of my HS stuff. I graduated in 95. They are still g… 
We get it you bought a blow up pool toy at Walmart and you wanna look cool on it, so did every other girl.
Detroit Lakes Walmart placed on lockdown 
 Maybelline  gabrielzamora  Walmart Ugh I want to get it but idk what color would be right
Today's mood is the walmart employee who calmly kicked out a racist in that one video 
Idk why the hell Walmart open on a holiday 🙄
I hate Walmart.
 Freebies4Mom I'm trying to print the recipe but the Walmart link isn't working. Do you have any anywhere else? TY
 NewsSourceLA  Walmart Isn't that the truth?!! Although it's happening at too many places!!
 walmarthelp  WalmartNewsroom  WalmartAction How is it that a person who does NOT work at  Walmart & work in deli f… 
 _brittanylee14 On Thursday Walmart in Massillon had a lot of it! By the front door on the subway side
Racist Walmart Customer Is Now Only One of Those Things 
modeling at Walmart like 
 antwann4real I'm in this walmart crying . 
 georgiienne Currently we do not accept Walmart gift cards on Walmart.ca. The payment methods we accept are availab… 
Walmart is the moves on any holiday cuz 🎂 is everywhere
LMAO IM WATCHING THE NEWS AND THEYRE SHOWING THE VIDEO OF THAT RACIST WHITE BITCH FROM WALMART AND THEY CALLED HER UN ABUSIVA DHJDJD
Showing Roots Arrives on DVD June 20 at your local Walmart, will you be picking up a copy? 
 GlamModelAbby  Walmart Are you suggesting Walmart made her do it?
 Walmart 110 Porcelain Fits me pretty well. What are the new shades? Is there one lighter than 110?
Walmart ? They be having thot juice lol 
 Maybelline  daisymarquez_  Walmart Is it just the matte one are there gonna be new shades for the dewy one
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lexington, KY 
Wanted is playing in walmart and im basically having my own concert. 😍Love me some  JessieJDecker
Walmart Bans Racist Arkansas Woman After Video Goes Viral 
I know why its generally older people who work at walmart.

The application takes 2 hours to get through.
 lauramarieg Same for Walmart. I always keep an eye on their men's shirts. That's so messed up. I hate "gendered" anything.
 prncszoella Honestly Walmart has some cute ones 😂 and Victoria's Secret!
The lady at Walmart roasted my nappy headed ass for buying this. "I had to look and see who needed they edges laid" 
 Maybelline  Walmart that pale af shade is perfect for me thank u!!!🙌🏻
 Maybelline  Walmart But do they have a pump? 🤔
I have expensive tastes in water   Walmart Wadsworth 
50% OFF Brother Laser Printer ~Lots of Stock Available 

Go Here -->>   
Go Terps! Been a huge fan since 2014 when our RV heater broke and I had to buy a Terps blanket at a Maryland Walmar… 
50% OFF Brother Laser Printer ~Lots of Stock Available -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson's all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics 
 iSuaVe__ Better use a walmart bag 😭
Amazon drops its free shipping minimum to  25, undercutting Walmart


 booberlee IKR! How exciting is this!?! More shades for everyone. Have you already found your Fit Me match? -Nici
People staring at me in Walmart... Like you never seen a shoulder before ? 😑
sambucky vs buckynat should be the new chanel vs walmart
Let's just park here.  Only at  Walmart 
A dude in a cowboy hat just hit on me at Walmart...
Happy Memorial Day  merica  pringles  redwhiteandblue  walmart  pringlesus 
Me: *wearing my Texas Roadhouse uniform in Walmart*
Person: "Where are the insulated mugs?"
Me: "Um... I don't work here.."
who's out there trying to corner the market on fidget spinners? Walmart is on to you 
Trident Gum Just  0.43 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  coupon 
 JBHJOANA walmart
to my fellow broke bitches: walmart selling krochet looking bikinis for  2.50 a piece
I can come up with thousands of reasons why I hate Walmart lolol
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oklahoma City, OK 
I want a salad with my BBQ 😂 bout to make corliss go in Walmart and get some stuff to make one.
 bbqxbabe Walmart or hobby lobby, or old time pottery
I got my ears pierced in a sketchy Walmart. This is either a new low for me or a new high. I can't decide
 Rockyyy_13 for walmart?
I bet Walmart managers be like, "Okay, y'all do the stocking, the rest of y'all go outside & smoke, & Jasmine, you do the register", lol.
 dildomancy Either that or I should be able to go and haggle prices for vegetables and shampoo at walmart, too.
I'm at  Walmart in Sherwood, OR 
Buc-ees on Memorial day is like Walmart on black Friday.  insanity  toomanypeople
‼️ MannyMua733 I saw this brand at Walmart that I've never heard of! Would you ever do a review on something like t… 
God I hate walmart
 Maybelline  Walmart  companysariana giiiiirl look at that. Finally!😌
 Erruanna I just bought one of those the other day from Walmart, just to give it a try. Haven't actually worn it ou… 
At a Walmart in Dayton, TN. This is rural, Trump country. 

I've seen multiple people in Preds gear, including full jerseys.

2017 is cray
 proffitt_judy  RussellProffitt  FoxNews  ScottWalker there are still jobs where you get paid so little like at Wal… 
PSA: Walmart is the worst place to go in Memorial Day. Couldn't even walk without someone bumping into me 🙄
 Maybelline  Walmart Is there anywhere to get these new shades in the UK?
Shopping before I get home (at  Walmart Supercenter in Severn, MD) 
 Maybelline  Walmart When will this be available in the U.K???
the best thing about where i'm living this summer is that a walmart is 3 minutes away
 DEMONxxPOX  Maybelline  Walmart the palest shade here I come 
 Awmarymarymaryy Yeah. Walmart. It's a deodorant
I love these lashes 😩 Kiss lashes from WALMART! Only  5 😍😍 
Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart!  Childabuse  ToriLeeCastill
Walmart CEO Doug McMillon: Walmart's paid parental leave policies hurt families - Sign the Petition! 
 Maybelline  Walmart Are the new shades also coming to the Netherlands 👀😍
Been here a couple times already. They have my cats brand of cat food for 2 dollars less than Walmart! You really d… 
I hope Walmart really slow today
 LyteB97  Qtownproperties  canaanimal  salvador_soldi  SenSanders  larryelder Isnt it corporate welfare when taxpay… 
Why does it being at  walmart not surprise me? Mother Arrested After Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart 
A long way from that Walmart performance 
How Walmart drives—and amplifies—coverage through its webzine 
 FATPAPIDee 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️ take yo ass to Walmart it's probably cheap as shit now lol
Not what I was hoping or expecting to find in Walmart... 😒 
attending SIGN UPS! FREE! at Walmart Goldsboro - N Spence Ave 
Walmart: "Do you like perfectly good cactuses with dried flowers hot-glued to the top? Do you... like... this... " 
Wow,  Walmart is an incredible success story: a multi billion dollar company with thousands of stores, yet not a single employee, impressive
A  35- 40 donation could buy our Twitter sponsored family *expecting twins* with a 1 diaper economy pack plus 
 umbetzee  _Oliverr15 betsy we went to walmart ...
This WalMart fucking huge.
 MegatronIsTrash Everytime Im at Walmart I say the same thing
 Walmart who the fuck makes a store 3 different shades of gray¿? 
 Maybelline  Walmart  homeslic3_ hey u might finally find one that matches ur ghostyness
 Maybelline  Walmart THAT LIGHTEST SHADE. YES MAYBELLINE.  THANK YOU.
 Walmart are literally killing it with the customer appreciation 👏🏻 
 crehage Walmart is another nail in our coffin.
 Maybelline  Walmart Moments like these I wish there was a Walmart in Tanzania!! 😭😭😭
 BabyDeals Pampers Cruisers for under  7 at Walmart! 
 OriginalScuba  OriginalFunko  Target  Walmart That's a pretty cool haul. You have some awesome friends. Hehe
 Walmart generates  3,000,000.00 in revenues every 7 minutes
 Walmart  WalmartCanada FYI you prescribed wrong med to my 6m pregnant gf. How do you give FERTILITY injections?? Medically and legally bad.
Someone needs to give June a promotion this customer service is warming my heart 
 EXOANTl EVEN IF ITS GOING TO WALMART OR SOMETHING DJSKSJAB
3/3 on Memorial Day not even having the day off and working  Walmart as a WWII vet ? We promised to keep in touch a… 
 walmart 5-Piece Beverly Dining Set: 143 + Free Store Pickup +  cashback 
Our fresh, homemade style, all natural ingredients - Tastes so good!

Find us in the fresh section at Walmart... 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Findlay, OH 
 Maybelline  Walmart this is so great!! i always felt the fit me line was large already but you all expanded it eve… 
Oh yeah? Did they pay an estimated 6 billion to cover the food stamps and other Govt programs their employees get?… 
 bbqxbabe walmart
Never bringing Avery to Walmart again. 😭🙄
Be a "Z"IP on the front row with ZZ Top at the  walmart_amp from  933TheEagle! 
 Maybelline  gabrielzamora  Walmart Seriously 16more?? 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
The walmart in ypsi is a lick
I can't find my coca butter stick for my lips and it's running me crazy. WalMart here I come
 mariellephant Can you get it at Walmart?
 TIME What about for those of us who are already the smartest people on the planet?
I am team Target 99% of the time but when it comes to gluten free macaroni and cheese, WalMart wins.
 Maybelline  Walmart Does this include  WalmartCanada
Tfw the Walmart deal was too good to pass up.  issadeal🙌🏾 
 CNN CNN 5 seconds later: "BREAKING:  Kardashian sisters eat nutella out of each other's bhole's. Stay tuned."
 morgansulllivan You're lovely! However I bought a nice simple 2 piece from Walmart that has highish waist bottoms… 
i passed a kid screaming bloody murder in walmart and one of the workers goes "maybe it just found out it has to work here"
 Maybelline  Walmart Maybe stop testing on animals
When you lose your mom in Walmart, but find  BellamyYoung 
Page update for Fathers day 
 Rafael0223 That shouldn't have happened. We want to address this properly. Please visit so we can help. -Zoe
Omg! Now I don't have to keep buying those individual ones at Walmart! 
 keirangoddard1  pitbull he got sent to Alaska to play a gig in Walmart
 Shugnussy  Walmart Perhaps it's an elaborate scheme to get you to pay for shipping 😛
 mrevanbell We do love you and not just 'cause 🎶 You're Beautiful! 🎶 -June
 Maybelline  Walmart What's the 5th shade on the left
I pull up to Walmart to get juice and chicken. Why? Because I do shit that makes me smile
steelseries sibera v3 ymmv clearance Walmart  60 - Thumb Score: 0 Ymmv Walmart clearance steelseries sibera v3 ... 
Walmart: KC Masterpiece Baked Beans as low as  0.65! 
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
 Maybelline  Walmart please put these in ALL Walmarts. It's so annoying driving all across town to find my shade.
You Can Now Get One of the World's Best Wines for  7 at  Walmart  wine 
YO I THINK SOMEONE TRIED TO HACK MY PHONE SO IF I START POSTING ABOUT FREE WALMART GIFT CARDS AND RUSSIAN BRIDES IM SORRY
I went into Walmart with my hair towel on... i have no shame
 truth_vs_lies07  EzekielWheel144  4th_Division  KhemetRouge  CHI_RAQ_BOIZ  WordandSpirit7  Miss_Gucci312… 
Indiana University students spent over 48 hours in Walmart -- a stunt that garnered national attention. 
Everyone I know & their mom i a Walmart right now
The Beaverton - Posts | The Walmart site was selected because of its... 
Guys redirects to Im freaking dead 😭 
 Kelechi28037971 Hell naw💀 stupid Walmart
18. I got this makeup removing brush from Walmart for less than  20. Use it after a makeup wipe. You don't have to… 
 Maybelline  Walmart Will these shades be available overseas as well or just US for now? 🤔
I think the funniest part of my night was going to Walmart 😂😂😂
' In walmart wit lul baby 😍
My suggestion to walmart on vine st is to get some people on registers who actually know how to use them. Jesus. Happy Memorial Day.
currently having a jam session in my car because my boyfriend is taking 5ever at Walmart.
I have spoken with the family & they've decided on this baby formula A  30 donation could buy them 1 case of 🥛🍼🍼💗
Someone was blaring  PanicAtTheDisco in the Walmart parking lot. I started singing along and everyone was staring at me.  NoShame
Gotta take my talents to Walmart..
Pampers Cruisers for under  7 at Walmart! 

Go Here -->>   
Pampers Cruisers for under  7 at Walmart! -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
 TReKiE  Walmart I hit the alert associate button, but alas..
I love sitting at the front of Walmart and talking to all the little old people that are sitting up there to 🙂
the walmart parking lot is very close to being like hell
Deals – steelseries sibera v3 ymmv clearance Walmart  60 
NEW!! 2017 EVERYONE MUST SEE THIS! WALMART = MARTIAL LAW (PART 2): via  YouTube
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist NEW!! 2017 EVERYONE MUST SEE THIS! WALMART = MARTIAL LAW (PART 2)
 giodiaz_  718Shaun  StefanyTaboada Walmart version of pink dollaz
 SonyOfLastation  Ichikyo57 Pre-order DLC from Target, Walmart and Gamestop :p
 EvoPhD Tell 'em they are allowed to register at more than one place -- both Target AND Walmart, for instance.
Got a call from firework place and Walmart today. Could potentially be juggling three jobs for about a week or two until I get a loan
 adamely A flight full of People of Walmart?
 CTRSteve  sgtjanedoe I know, right? I haven't changed mine in years. Cheaper and more convenient to have Walmart do it.
At a Walmart in Kentucky. All the things you're imagining right now are probably true. And also, worse.
Guys, Walmart is out of ice cream... 
Portland MAX stabbing started out not at all differently from the viral videos we see about and old woman berating some minority at Walmart
 Walmart I swear to MF GOD if you put Dua's album in stores early ILL END YOU
 KTKarmicSynergy "Hunny, we have nothing to steal. Unless they're that hard up for Walmart stuff, there's really nothing. How do you like>
Happy Memorial Day, friends! ❤️🇺🇸
Did you find your light boxes in walmart stores? 🙌🏻😅😘 Under… 
Out with the young Buck.
   Ramadan  theblackmexican  TheBookOfDuke   Walmart Supercenter… 
Get your SmartShake now available in your local Walmart 
i need to go to walmart and hit up they toy section 🤦🏾‍♀️
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
 screwthechew Compromise. Next Halloween you could take her there for Trick/Treating. There are a lot of frightenin… 
First time back in Walmart Jesus Christ
Hey  Beanitos any chance you'll be in Walmart or target this year?
 Maybelline  gabrielzamora  Walmart The whitest shade is calling my name
Flight full of  Walmart people headed to shareholders.  Will be good to catch up with everyone.
 JamiePosta  jamstutz17 Remember that time it started raining on the way home so you HAD to stop at walmart to get new wipers
 Maybelline  Walmart Wish  LOrealParisUK would do the same
 blankcentury I JUST GOT SOME AT WALMART AND THOUGHT OF U LOL
this lady that works at walmart asked peyton how old i was to see if i was "old enough to push the cart" like wtf. i've heard it all.
Way to tame Care of displays  Walmart 
 AbbieDouglas5  Maybelline  Walmart A neeeeeeed!
 Maybelline  Walmart Is it available in the uk??
 Maybelline  Walmart  rhianna_nicol we might acc find a shade pale enough for us
Deciding to shop at  HarmonsGrocery instead of  Walmart is life changing.
 Maybelline  Walmart  courtney16xx r u seeing that pale one
 Maybelline  Walmart When is it gonna launch in Canada? 🇨🇦
Y'all Walmart allow pets? 
 KenziSanchez they have some cute ass ones at walmart
 Lyzzurd  BlazeLucas_ walmart has it & a flamingo, duck, & dragon one 🙂🙂🙂
Stuck in Walmart queue behind coupon queen.  awesome  help
Psst... on sale and free shipping....  Knives112  jsamuraiTP 


Can I get a holiday with no work  Walmart besides Christmas
Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart "… 
 asternxx could probably get the same thing at walmart for 1/5 the price
I checked out a man in Walmart the other day and another man saw and I proceeded to check him out I AM UNSTOPPABLE
Also never gonna forget when I was walking to my car in a Walmart parking lot & an employee asked to search my bag
once upon a time i eating shit at walmart and i eat dog shit lol
i hate walmart.... 
Live Stream Idea:
Me writing an essay on Marxian theory applied to Walmart while blasting redbone with a "screaming outbursts" counter
walmart just called. it was a "courtesy call" kys
Ur wcw goes rock hunting in her Walmart pajamas
 MissesIttyBitty They on sale at Walmart 😂😂😂  29
so i was at walmart yesterday and the moment i stepped inside dat bifch all i heat is "with your love nobo-" and i… 
I see Walmart is representing 'Merica today. 
I'm gonna blast fifth harmony in Walmart and see if I get kicked out it would be worth it though (pun intended 😏)
 bkarbley_18 We gonna kayak everywhere. To Walmart, down the Mississippi, to Europe. Everywhere.
 morningstream Here's one for you Scott, Utah women Classy.
People at the Greece Walmart are idiots
 Maybelline  Walmart This is such exciting news!!! I ❤️ using this foundation on both myself and my clients. Thank… 
I'm about to gag literally sitting in this Walmart auto center waiting for my car like omg send help 😖
Kids ages 2 and 5 found locked in trunk while mom shops at Walmart: ‘My babysitter didn’t show up’ | Conservative Ne 
walmart giving out samples again wow
When at  walmart 🙊❣️follow me on  snapchat BurlesqueSally 👻
 girl  problems  shenanigans  fun… 
Yes, I bought it. 
Yes, the film will be developed at Walmart
Yes, I will take pictures with them like it's the 90'… 
 1ogdad lol I'm on yo "couldn't find em at Walmart so I went to Kroger" lookin ass
 beardedrogue  rosswgilchrist When I'm down south I get it in Asda which is part of the Walmart family. It may be i… 
 rachelcantu I came to Walmart right when u uploaded a video
casually strolling through walmart in swimsuits to buy a watermelon
 KevinSwindell Dropping the mic multiple times is reminiscent of a kid throwing a tantrum in a Walmart. I just don'… 
Just bought my Disney CEP bedding from Walmart...it's getting real guys...6 days until I fly
let me take my fat ass to Walmart so I can cook lol
 chanel  walmart or if you're in the  uk  asda  mariahcarey  nickiminaj  paddingisallwrongnicki… 
 Sefave82 Not really. Losing you then not being able to shop at Walmart. I see that as a big loss.
I don't wanna drive to Walmart so I called my bf to see if he can and he said no she sucks lmao
Walmart worker in Myrtle Beachjust asked me if I played college or pro football
Part of me wants to study for my written exam to be a hair stylist another part of me wants to work at Walmart forever bc I hate studying 🙃
Personal preference - Walmart actually has some quality clothing

..Or maybe it's just quality to me because I'm a poor college kid 🙂🤷‍♀️
Fancied up a pair of white shoes from Walmart!! Now they are the Blink Vans  tomdelonge  blink182  travisbarker… 
 iMdZuL  Puddoug Walmart parking lot. 1 hr.
look what I found in walmart  Wes10 
Wal-Mart parking lot in Whitehorse newest campground in Yukon.  Yukon  Whitehorse  WalMart 
 MarcyLane  drewspurs  monroealy It's in Duarte, they also have a Walmart and a Qdoba, it's like a different world.
 GIRLposts  keri_alexis this fr looks JUST like the man I saw in Walmart
swear i almost ran my cart over a lil girl in walmart 😂 
Just Walked In Walmart And I Still Feel Like I'm Outside.
Just got in CC. In finna hit Walmart then in dea 
People really think I'm Walmart
Y'all Couldn't Wait For This Day To Wear Y'all Lil Walmart And DD's Dicount Bathing Suits 😐
Our Walmart offers a large variety of goods, including photo opportunities to take black bear pics when they show u… 
 FourFiftyFourPm I think you're thinking your headstone will read "killed by Gillian Anderson whilst in Walmart"...… 
I'm at Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in Sudbury, ON 
 WakaFlocka  dompinedo  izaiahv31  konchaz_diego Dom at Walmart that one time Haha
 Walmart  Walmartcanada  -Great Gifts for Father's Day  shopping  mom  gifts  planetgoldilocks. shopping  Fathersday
the worst thing abt having an abusive ex that works   walmart is being sent into a panic attack while trying to pick out laundry detergent
 thattallguyGabe  fairwagesnow  OnLivingwage Funny... but paying low wages didn't disuade McDonald's, Walmart or ot… 
Wal-Mart parking lot in Whitehorse newest campground in Yukon via  TheBeaverton
 Rob__Sly you look like a walmart pharmacist empathetic to your client's opioid addiction.
 milliemuns That's how I treated this job at Walmart I had
"The Real Story Behind The  Walmart Viral Video That ISN'T Being Told" 
 adamlambert my store is playing  whatayawantfromme I work in  walmart in NJ
 Maybelline  Walmart amazing, for both ends of the spectrum! *standing ovation*
i just wanted to wear a thong bikini on south beach with my fanny pack and a nice cup of henny.... but no... walmart always need a bitch😒
I'm at Walmart Distribution Center in London, KY 
You can easily get a bonnet at Walmart for  5 🤷🏽‍♀️💀😂😂😂 
I asked a Walmart employee where I could find a box fan and all she said was "the middle"
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  500 Walmart Gift Card Giftcard Free Priority Mail with tracking 
The company that Walmart bought for  3 billion has opened a food-themed shop in Manhattan 
Walked into Walmart at the Perfect Time!Met an Elderly Woman Whose Son is Also a Baptist Pastor in Lexington!Helped Her Out with Her Bags!
Upstate New York: WAY too many four buck Walmart "these colors don't run" t-shirts.  hicks
 Retiredgirldeal Super adorable! We love having you on the team! -June
Gucci vs. Walmart 
 pantedlant Walmart bros
 Walmart  Walmartcanada -Great Gifts for Father's Day  shopping  mom  gifts  planetgoldilocks. shopping  Fathersday
 cnn you love showing that racist white woman in Walmart, how about this clip? 
Walked into Walmart at the Perfect Time!Met an Elderly Woman Whose Son is Also a Baptist Pastor in Lexington!💛Helped Her Out with Her Bags!
Working at Walmart on memorial day makes me wanna fucking die. I hate this job
RollPlay 6V VW Bus Battery Powered Ride-On -  99.00: Walmart offers RollPlay 6V VW Bus Battery Powered Ride-On for… 
Out of all the places to run into someone...Walmart Pharmacy 🤦🏻‍♀️
 Pacifist_Elk 500 direct to DVD sequels, some of which are Walmart exclusives 
 TheShadyCorner1 thanks for sharing the good word on  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Barnes & Noble… 
 willbaileyjr  jmgraceland  seanhannity They work for Walmart &friends. Outsourcing  jobs, keep world-wealth, now,… 
 Walmart 1/2 of the potatoes in the bag had bad parts and some, as you can see, were completely bad.  disgusting 
These six hours at walmart I just did reminded me of whyyyy I only work there 20 hours a week...
Grab this Graco Bumper Baby Jumper for  24.99!

Check it out here -... 
Walmart stole the slogan for being single ⤵ 
Dannika I peeped these on my break. Should we  try making them Thursday? 
 BenedictEvans Imagine what trouble Walmart would face if its customers began installing effective truck blockers because they hated trucks
 BlowOnMyMike Bruh exactly Walmart already be having lines out the door now both of the Winn dixies gone.
 ItZmeKatherine  kylegriffin1 Southern, uneducated ppl. who believe every word. The Walmart crowd. It's very disapp… 
Literally Most Of The Workers At Walmart Says Something About My Hair Every Week .
I'm so excited to go to Walmart to buy cat food ,if you're wondering what being in a 10 year relationship is like.
Today's gig clothes match that of a Walmart employee, giving my inflated artistic ego a necessary reality check every time I pass a mirror.
On our way into Walmart, we got to visit with this American Hero,… 
 jamaicamekraze  Walmart No worries! Tap "No QR code" at the bottom to take pics of your receipt for review. Thanks!
Target Coupon Match Ups for the week of May 28th – June 3rd via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon ... 
The Nightly Recap of Hot Deals that you might have Missed on May 28th via Price Match at Walmart, ... 
Kelloggs Cereal only  1.28 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at Walmart - ... 
Memorial Day via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at Walmart - I hope you ... 
**HOT** New High Value Pampers Coupons!! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
Intex Queen Raised Airbed with Pump (Gold Box Deal!) via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
New Coupons for Excedrin Products + Walmart Match Ups via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
Kohl’s | Men’s Dockers Sandals just 2 for  17, Polos 3 for  17! via Price Match at Walmart, ... 
**RESET** Save  3 on Tide or Gain Laundry Detergent via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
Survivalism & Prepping: Walmart  Survival Gear Review 
When the power goes out in Walmart you know it's a bad sight, time to go
If y'all see me in Walmart I'm sorry
shoulda get some of them uglass cookout sandles from Walmart so i coulda be official then 💀
Stuff for Kris (at  Walmart Supercenter in League City, TX) 
The hardest way to realize you aren't a child anymore is by finding yourself pushing a buggy alone in Walmart
 Walmart MASSIVE Party Clearance at Walmart!! 
Ran to Walmart to get the last of what I need to grill
First Walmart location and ice cream!  sevenyearolds  lovemyson  … 
These Hoes At Walmart Think Issa Game .
the walmart power went out & it got scary real quick 😭 thought i was in a freddy movie 💀
Justin Coonce of Raytown was leaving Walmart with family last night and says they saw "struggle" last "several minu… 
You should be able to redeem Walmart savings catcher money for cash.
I'm home alone and the TV started changing channels 😨 I thought it was my brother coming back frm Walmart but nope.. the remote was in the-
chanel vs walmart 😒😒😒😒 
 Belgianboys My Walmart only has your mini stroopwafels. Do you make the bigger stroopwafels?
 crotchstomp Renee Old is shaking in her Walmart crocs
One of my Facebook friends said a guy in line at Walmart said "Happy Memorial Day. Did you serve?" "No." "Then you're a pussy."
First time doing  youtube LIVE. Reborn Baby Doll Shopping Haul from  Walmart 
Most of the guys on that list will never see a yellow jacket unless they go buy one at Walmart!!  ReggieWayne_17  1… 
 Maybelline  jambeauty89  Walmart What's the 6th one down on the left?
 DraperJulia walmart?
Amazon & Alibaba are closing in on Wal-Mart, thanks to eCommerce 
- Daily savings center - Your hottest offers of today at Walmart
Her Husband Got Banned From Walmart For These Hilarious Reasons… - 
Mini Vela Branca Cj com 10 Hudson 2875... Apenas R 18.90 Acesse  Casa  oferta  desconto… 
Jason & Scot Show Episode 84 Amazon News, Walmart Earnings, Rumors - 
I wish  HEB  kroger  Walmart etc. would not have the tabloid magazines at the check out stand. Children see that hatred and believe it.
myAppliances->IN THE KITCHEN: Crescent City Bistro Chef shares his secrets - Shreveport… 
I gotta go ro Walmart. Yall pray for me
im not gna lie when i first started mca i only made  1000 a week but that WAY better then working in walmart for  7.75/hr!
When u nearly get kicked out of Walmart, then nearly kicked out of Dennys, & end the night w/ getting trespassing tickets in a park at 3am 😂
DEVELOPING: Reports of bomb threat at Detroit Lakes Walmart.  ValleyNewsLive 
What redbone would sound like out of a fellow associates phone in the break room of Walmart 🎉🎉 
 KlarenceKarter I usually get them shipped in from Texas; but I found some at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Green Springs.
Walmart Gone Sexual 
Lady at Walmart asked how old I was and why my mother wasn't buying my groceries. I said "ma'am I'm 21". 😑
Dawn Dish Soap Just  0.72 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  coupon 
 ktschaub and I are Walmart hoes for life  hawaiianaf 🌺🌺
WalMart for boxed food, snacks, freezer items, household stuff.
Publix for meats, fruits, and veggies.

This is how I live my life.
Please do not ask me how's the Walmart life, you might get molly wopped
 LilSakamoto  HardKnock_Shaun bet we about to stop at walmart then slide
 kat_hassinger  A4Affordability  bpolitics Repubs hate taxes that pay you to sit on your ass and but cheap Chinese… 
 blicqer  PINACnews ... does anything good ever happen at Walmart?
haha some oldhead slapped his wife's ass in capris and just made out with her in the line at walmart chivalry isn't dead
I'm finna go to Walmart 
Mad Walmart pizza is probably my favorite pizza
 jiveassspaghett will forever remember him for his brave service that one time at the  walmart in alaska
On my way! To Walmart ‼️
 anakenn  J_Bone007 Exactly! And "fans" is the key word. Most aren't alumni. They're just Walmart T-shirt fans.
 Sefave82 Yes. We will have her cremated and then spread her ashes around Walmart in memory of.
I'm high as fuck in this Walmart
pissed Off once again. 👌🏾 I'm sick of Walmart
 brichhorn But you're the face of Walmart
 eBay is starting to fill with jokers

WTF!
Compare:

to Walmart!


I honestly don't know why she wants to go to Walmart. I blame Yourtube kids videos.
 Retweet  BabyFood  Dex Baby Baby Food Processor 
Ok  bazluhrmann I know TGD was expensive to make but you could film it in a Walmart for all we care. We just need to know what happens!!!
I lost  100 at Walmart today. I'm sad, no one talk to me
So I'm at this international conference and people literally don't care. Picture them buying their swag at Walmart  CSC2017  scientistswag
Walmart.
2016.
"Honey, why are you on your phone?"
"Twitter.  One minute, just trying to save the world.  Ok, what… 
We have to get a  Walmart in our city. All important cities have a Wal-Mart. 
A mother is behind bars after police say she locked her 2 kids inside the trunk while she shopped at Walmart. 
 MysticHue Besides an auto store maybe Walmart or target
i stg walmart has the funniest shit
I'm giving away something for you on  Listia: ✳ 5 Walmart E-Gift Card✳ ☆LOWEST⚠GIN☆ *IN. Get it here - 
 Braz_OS (I was joking that this poggle song is a walmart brand version of Maxo) (aka that it's a cheap knock off)
 Belle_Chelseaaa Yea, it's at Walmart and on amazon. And no problem boo !
At Walmart getting new tires and these mfs don't have a place for a nigga to sit 😒
 tedlieu  realDonaldTrump here's why tax cuts for the rich don't work. They don't invest it… 
DHS investments claw back as general funds 
 PO_Tomato i found that at walmart
Jesus saves because he shops at Walmart
Saw Mill Rd (162) Btwn Walmart & Denny's about to re-open after serious crash (early aftn)West Haven, per police 
 AshevilleSlut we usually do this late nights in Walmart
When I say Waldemort, I really mean Walmart.
Me: *has random conversation with person in front of me in Customer Service line at Walmart*
Person: *leaves*
Me: "My friend!" 😭😭😭
chanel vs. walmart 
 twotone I've seen pyjama bottoms in the men's section with those as well. Cushion I saw this weekend at Walmart in kids bedding. So weird.
 kayleeecollins  zackamat  m_webb333 What do want to be when you grow up : a Walmart employee, so I can actually get 10% off  paige_thayer2
Lady in walmart just told me "you work out? You have a nice body" 😂😂😂😊😊
 debellation  owensje  VeeVee  POTUS Wow! Looks like someone forgot to take their meds this morning.
And btw, Walma… 
I'll punch da fuck out of an old lady I ain't shit lol let her come at my mother on some Bs at Walmart 🤦🏽‍♂️
This lady is returning a dead plant at Walmart... 
Some guy pissing outside Walmart Jesse loud af "what's this fucker doin" "out for a piss buuud"
New growth on my Walmart rescue! 💚 via: 
If what you need isn't at Walmart or rural king then you don't need it - Liter_nick
 Jd2305Mike  CNN Ummm, like ExxonMobil & Shell Oil, BP, ConocoPhillips, Chevron, Google, Intel, Microsoft, Walmart...
 brooke_176 LMAO were they  1 at walmart?
How main street businesses are beating Walmart & Amazon at their own game: 
 kristen_hopee I went to ponax's prom and I saw him in the Walmart parking lot and him and the guy driving the car… 
 Patterson_Byron is this how you dress when you go to Walmart in Jena? 
Morning walk to Walmart for fruits & veggies!  ChunkaButta sometimes… 
Sad af bc they started playing the Friends theme song in Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lexington, SC 
Yoooo fuck Walmart
an xBox Fan drew Walmart's Lottie  amiibo during  PaxPrime
If you cancel yourself out of my life,
just remember I'm not Walmart...
I don't accept returns.
Walmart is a nasty place
Spending my Memorial Day   Walmart . Woohoo 🙌🏾 🤗🙄
 3.00/1 Tide or Gain Detergent Coupon! ONLY  5.94 each at Walmart! via  po_st
 dantdm While shopping in Walmart... 
The VIDEO the GOV'T does NOT want you to see!(WALMART-MART-LAW)(2017) via  YouTube-YOU MUST GET SCARED!
I hate the gates Walmart so much lol
This dude in Walmart was so busy on his phone that his little son took off around the corner & he didn't know
 Mvaldez__ Humm, Maybe Soft Honey? Check out: for a few sweet shades. -June
 aeggyu That one video I saw said it's like a Walmart idk lmao
KidScrew - Can we go to Walmart?
Me - No!
KidScrew - But I've never been.
Me - You're welcome.
Yet they lock the door when  you pass their car carrying bags out of walmart 
I went to Walmart & bought Kamari so much shit , from all them baby snacks to baby food & he don't appreciate none of it 😑
 SherisBrothel  sweetdestini  SherisLadies She looks vaguely familiar... let's see... at Walmart? No. McDonald's? N… 
I hate walmart
Just ran over someone with my basket in Walmart 👌
How do I spend my day off? Apparently in Walmart playing my favorite game called "avoid the hobbit ass cartpusher with a staring problem"
I WISH I HAD FRIENDS BECAUSE HERE I AM STRANDED IN A WALMART FOR TWO HOURS BC IM GETTING MY OIL CHANGED
4 years ago today I completed my last shift at Cosmic Ray's & ended up sitting in an aisle   4:30 in the morning   Walmart w/  kishuponastar
Ya girl is hungry as shit and I still have to go to Walmart after work 🔫
im at walmart i cant sext — iconic  
 AycheEm He said Walmart brand...me: DAMN BITCH COULD I NOT GET TARGET TF
Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive  Twitter  seanhannity  POTUS  NamVet50  marylene58  
Anna made me come to Walmart with her and now about to be depressed for a couple days because who we ran into
You had  onejob Walmart 
walmart* 
Looks like Walmart in  DetroitLakes has been evacuated? Or so I heard on the scanner. Can anyone confirm?
Just went to Walmart and they're sold out of my kind of laundry detergent and honestly I've never been more sad in my life
I need to get up and go to walmart but I don't have any energy .
Before & After tackling my  SCJMessyMoments
 
  ad
 
See what Windex® Brand  Walmart can do! 
 verbenec I saw a guy at Walmart-Mart with 8 bags of charcoal. Time to get ready for summer cookouts!!
You can literally buy a nice bonnet for  3 at Sallys or Walmart.
"Walmart after midnight makes the walking dead look like Americas next top model."-  foxoutdoors
 Ndpskins12 Nobody in Walmart watches where they're going. Nobody has any manners. And a guy who was at least 60 whistled at me.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bloomington, IN 
Walmart version of G-Eazy
mom: you wanna go walking?
me: ugh yes where?
mom: Walmart 
see she just wants me to go to the store with her😂😂😂😂
STOHB IT IM AT WALMART THIS GIRL JUST LOOKED AT ME 
 dheuel288  NCtrump42  Bisquettet  DonaldJTrumpJr  realDonaldTrump Not just mine. Ask people outside your local Walmart.
Waiting in line at Walmart!
I will never forget the time Jeremy asked the green room if anyone wanted to go to Walmart to "just hang out"
 Maybelline  Walmart Yoooo I've been waiting for this for so longgggg
 Maybelline  Walmart And the UK still has like 2 shades smh 😐
*1 hr Walmart shopping trip feels like 1 week vacation* welcome to  parenthood
In between visits to the Dentist this 4-way has got u covered!!!   Walmart Austin - S Interstate… 
Hoboken NJ  USA - Manager Category Marketing Grocery Household Walmart - Specifically you will  ...  JOB  YORK  NEW
To cap it all off, a man leaving Walmart with only A 12 pack of Natural Light and a gallon of Sunny D. This is Danville.
S/o to Walmart for improving their customer service 😂
June from Walmart is so nice I'm literally just looking through all her kind tweets ❤️❤️ 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Tucker, GA 
Walmart Shoppers Hear Noise Coming From Trunk, Sick When They Realize What Was Inside. 
The amount of milfs in Walmart rn is just unreal
Sargento Snack Bites Just  0.18 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  coupon 
Why does picking up a couple things at Walmart take so long
uh.... i got a like 1-2  one from walmart what these white people doin.... 
fuck the  TheDemocrats & the  GOP  estatetax  Walmart  Budget2017  msnbc  cnn  FoxNews  obamas  itsthesystem
 yvonnetashana Walmart
the only place online that has switches are amazon and walmart and they're selling them for 400+ dollars WHY
best place to get elotes in the valley? I'm fr about to drive to the Walmart in San Benito LOL
When 80% of Walmart employees use SNAP...we are not your serfs 
 Hello_IAjay  WSJ Resolving it would be nuc war
one thing that America and Americans could do is impose tariffs on… 
I GO TO WALMART FOR 5 MINUTES AND MISS EVERYTHING, WTF IS HAPPENING ON PERISCOPE ??
 AwkwardPrimate  Walmart  Target For that I always go to Burlington or the shoe store in Newgate Mall!
 Walmart You got some explaining todo 
My thrill at seeing the full size  WonderWoman cutout at WalMart was doused a bit when I realized in was in the back   the employee exit. 👎🏽
MASSIVE Party Clearance at Walmart!! 

Go Here -->>   
MASSIVE Party Clearance at Walmart!! -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
Let's hope today goes better than yesterday. And let's also hope Walmart is a little more refined. LOL
Walmart done hired a real nigga back 💪🏾💪🏾
Shirtless old dude at Walmart....why
Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart  fathersrights  custody
If you ever want to see an interesting mix of people, go to Jordan Lake on Memorial Day instead of Walmart
Anytime you see it -- you can't run your own in Walmart?
 Maybelline  Walmart Can y'all put the numbers on it
Niggas in walmart be ignorant
need to go to Walmart
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show 🇨🇴🌹DDouble💰🏇: Walmart 😱  Chi

Jackson County Sheriff’s Deputy involved in shooting at Raytown Walmart  police 

Walmart Shoppers Hear Noise Coming From Trunk, Sick When They Realize What Was…  crime
If you’re regular at Costco or Kroger, avoid buying the chicken next time. 
Nothing says goals like seeing a couple kissing in the back of their ford ranger at the Walmart parking
 NotBenZobrist  the_real_jasonv  straightcooolin Or maybe the time in Walmart some white man told my mom hurry up w… 
I liked a  YouTube video beauty and makeup products haul! ♥️ | target & Walmart
 beamiller fire n gold is playing at walmart how fun
 margot_inAustin You need to delete your tweet before you burn your Walmart Stars and Stripes!
I'm going to dairy Queen in a few minutes then go to Walmart:)
Just because there is traffic does not mean you ride in the emergency lane.  Thanks to this  Walmart driver for doi… 
 MysticMutt i got mine at walmart last night ! it was TWO DOLLARS !?
Welcome to Walmart :'D
i havent missed french food all that much but i will say we were in the cheese section in walmart and i stared so sadly at it
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Waynesboro, PA 
 rmerkuris I don't shop at Walmart 😂
Here is a clip from walmartcanada Another fun day 💕
 denimoveralls  george  walmart  anmlittles… 
 l_j_irvine Thank you...although there in nothing like the KJ Version.I do NOT know about what is the best Spanish… 
Why did the chicken cross the road??

To get to Walmart 
😂 
 BigHeadSports I'd be shocked if the woman shopped anywhere other than Walmart and did this..
Walmart looking like hell today. 🤦🏾‍♂️
Hasbro: The Black Series 40th Anniversary Wave 2 Found At Walmart 
BREAKING: I have decided to accept the generous free agent offer from Lowe's and will NOT be returning to WalMart  SavedByTheBell  FreeBrian
Missin the time Erin and I were hiding from Lauren in Walmart LOL
 dndeejck Fresh Envy apples are on their way from New Zealand. They should be arriving at your local Walmart in the next couple of weeks 😀
 BinnsJamie Please point me in the direction of a Walmart that has an arcade
Report:  Walmart gaining big share in  grocery  retail
Out with my baby. Shopping at Walmart going to McDonalds and getting stuff for dinner... 
 1.00 Walmart spinnerbait challenge is complete. 
I'm buying clothes LOL since I still can't get my physic copy of El Dorado  shakira... Do you guys know if Walmart… 
About to go Walmart hunting
 azsweetheart013  JerseyTechGuy  azsweetheart013 he drives a Dodge and wears farmer jeans. Probably works at Walmart
 isakyikey it looks like he snatched it from the kids' sale section at walmart he be looking like sum plastic bag t… 
Hot Sale 2017 en Walmart: Impresora Canon IP2810 
DrinkWell Your Twin Peaks Season Three Wine Guide: Wine Pairing Episodes 3-4 - Paste…… 
Walmart is a disgusting cesspool of inbreds, hicks, fucking idiot, etc. you name it and its at walmart.
Just driving my tractor to the local walmart in Aberdeen, South Dakota.   Aberdeen, South Dakota 
Walmart dumb af. They gonna have the eye glasses place open. But couldn't order my glasses because all the insurance places are closed.
If you park in front of Walmart for longer than 5 minutes, I hate you
 ExMuslimMormon  sevvierose We use this one. 
 Walmart Yes we did
Walmart now has Snails for  10 🐌   Walmart Elkin 
ive been to walmart like 5 times today, had a little breakdown with ang and all because i wanted a kiddie pool to tan in 🤷🏽‍♀️
So you officially work at Walmart now? 
 _ChloeAJ  TSN_JLee This makes Walmart an accessory to (hospitality) tax evasion! Wonder if the Chamber will go after Walmart?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oceanside, CA 
I swear Walmart employees are the laziest ppl
me: what's gucci bitch !? :p
taehyung: bitch you is BROKE. 
me:
taehyung: what's walmart bitch?
Straight Talk Alcatel OneTouch Pixi Glory LTE A621B Prepaid Phone  13 YMMV Walmart Instore Only 
 Maybelline  Walmart Well done Maybelline because  COVERGIRL needs some guidance 
Family believes it was 31 yo Don Sneed of Raytown who was shot and killed by officer at Walmart last night. Still w… 
We literally forgot like 5 vital things at Walmart so right back to town we go 😅🙄
Inventory Supervisor - Walmart - Wauseon, OH  jobalerts
 a4drey  politico For example Walmart is paying Millions on TV ads claiming they make all their products in America… 
this lady whole pussy out in my check lane at work.... ma'am this isn't walmart
Black bear surprises shoppers at KY Walmart>> wmc5 
Johnson’s® Baby Oil Beauty Hacks  ad  johnsonsbeautyhack  walmart
 Maybelline  Walmart  Maybelline thank you!
for those wanting to visit the new  dutchbrosrenton, there is a long line of cars in the walmart parking lot
Overnight Fulfillment Associate - Walmart Canada - Pickering, ON 
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart OMG!!!! OK FOR AN INDOOR LIVING ROOM TOO?
My mama be having me in Walmart buyin alcohol and embarrassing myself 🙄🤦🏽‍♀️
Martinsburg Walmart is the most disgusting place on Earth
So after some serious thought, i've decided to put in my 2 weeks at walmart.
Just saw grown woman in WalMart checkout taking a selfie while the cashier was checking her purchases out. Rolled my eyes with the cashier.
Does anyone know if the bank in Walmart is open
Chanel vs. walmart 
Note: importance on vibe fidget spinners at walmart 
Someone let's go to Walmart so I can a new pool float
 TaylorSpriggle Walmart
 NicoleWillie2 Hey Nicole! Were you able to find the special goodies you were needing? -June
Somebody Buy Me Them Booty Shorts From Walmart .. Every Color . Thanks 🤗
I just got a free Walmart gift card gift card with Shopkick! Try it out to earn your own: 
Walmart is playing popular song !!!
Whatta horrible day to have to stop at Walmart
Love seeing old baes when I'm at Walmart with my mom
Dude my 3 year old niece mad my sister couldn't get her 1  Walmart sold out...I'm like wtf is it?😂😂😂 
Heard from a mom to her child in Walmart: You are a victim of marketing right now and they got you. They got you with a smiling face.
Walked into Walmart and the greeter looked at me and said "oh...". I looked so shocking that he couldn't even muster the one word he says.
 Pepedgaff  imaprittykitty  Mrspotsie09  mrsc92614  BlueJean_Harlow  violetdenise I'm already here at Walmart well… 
myAppliances->Vegan kitchen comes to Downtown Tampa - 
Ordered groceries from Walmart.  Stores south of me don't carry that habanero salsa.  And the stores north of me, well, they're north of me.
me: ok so ill just write about the chars going to a store
also me: ok so this is a walmart in nc and the girl at self checkout has red hair
JKNKLLKJDFGKLJ my mom wants me to go to mekong with her???! CMON I JUS WENT OUT WALKIN AROUND WALMART FOR 3 HOURS JUST YESTERDAY???!?!?
Why I DO NOT shop at WALMART  TBT Vlog 10 
People are greatly tiring me out today. And I don't mean just at Walmart. I need some rest man lol.
 sale RollPlay 6V VW Bus Battery Powered Ride-On -  99.00: Walmart offers RollPlay 6V VW Bus Battery Powered… 
If you're on a roadtrip and can't pay for a motel, park at Walmart &amp; sleep in your car. They won't kick you out.
I'm at Walmart, which reminded me of the time I bought a pair of jeans at Walmart. I think it was right before Superball.
 back_walmart Oh no, i just triggered all of the high school girls
I was walking around Walmart and Found the Bawse book I  got so happy I bought it and can't wait to start reading i… 
gonna go to walmart smh
Only at Walmart 
 ashleighcaseyb  kaileymusial98  Rachel_Kay09 when we would go to Walmart or Meijer at 3 in the morning 
Going to the Walmart of amusement parks today
 kaytheshorthair  4 Walmart stays open and so does McDonald's sadly
Utah mom locks kids in trunk of car while she shops at Walmart, police say - Fox News  SEESOMETHINGSAYSOMETHING 
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
THIS MOM JUST ROASTED HER SON IN WALMART DEAR LORD
 Therealllqueen lol what is "everything"? cuz I gotta work  4 Walmart still open , life still goes on!!
I'm at  Walmart in West Hills, CA 
I remember when me and Eric was walking toe the toe with each other in Walmart 😂
 evxnic that's a fye ass walmart
 Baby_Jeezuz they  1 at walmart I think
 goldgiraffes You can get them online from Amazon. Walmart and Target might even have them. A basic metal frame should be less than  100.
Walmart and these weak ass occurrences 🙄🚮
They're playing Kesha in Walmart I'm lit
 M_Bennz  BrittanyFechter Cool I'm going to Walmart to grab some ranarr seeds
Walmart doesn't pay time in a half no more
I think I'm the only young mom who sacrificed going out to do non mom shit period. My going out now is trips to Walmart for diapers 🙄
 6.40 an hour for nine years: how I got stuck in a career as a Walmart employee 
 nothing_weird walmart, cvs, target probably, rite aid! and amazon
I found  FaZeRug at my local Walmart 
 jaycartierhoe That's funny cause I just left a Walmart that has one in there
PlayStation VR Core Bundle with Camera and Move Controllers is  599.96   Walmart 

 Walmart Waves~~~~~~Back~~~~
 Walmart We will be filing a complaint.
The whole point of dating is to impress the person you're pursuing...what kind of impression are you leaving by going to Walmart together?
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist GOING TO WALMART! (DAY 2)
 TaylahhGeee Man nahh😂😂 my mama told me she seen him in Walmart yesterday like I suppose to got happy or some😂
 Walmart You might want to retrain your auto employees at the American Fork Ut loc. my family being screamed at isn't good business practice
Picky Eater Pasta with  BarillaPlus!   BarillaGlutenFree  Walmart  BarillaUS  ad 
I leave my mom for TWO SECONDS in Walmart and she's signing up for direct tv!!!!! this is the second time she's done this!!!!
Shopping at  Walmart May the Odds Be Ever in My Favor. So far, I haven't had to offer myself as tribute, but more checkers would be nice.
 back_walmart You just triggered all of the high school girls.
hell naw you was at Walmart or some 
 marcia_chanel Walmart sell rice
 Yahoo  Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart 
Donald Perry Sneed the third is the man killed by cops last night at Walmart & he has warrants out of Florida.Telli… 
On today's run: 1. Some weirdo asks me to come with him to WALMART and 2. 
I still need to go to Walmart or Best Buy & buy another Apple TV remote.
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  200 WALMART GIFT CARD WAL-MART BIRTHDAY  200 VALUE Party  GiftCards… 
Peppa Pig Kid’s Classic Hideaway Tent Just  6.49!  Instagram  Walmart  PeppaPig 
Just left Walmart in Lexington NC. Now heading back to the middle of the woods!
[Yahoo News] Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart

Peppa Pig Kid’s Classic Hideaway Tent Just  6.49!  Instagram  Walmart  _Peppa_Pig_  deal  deals
I walked around WalMart.  MemorialDay17
 Walmart Bottles, clothes, and formula
"You own an Audi, go to Walmart and buy some sandals"
Edwards has the perfect summer dessert! S'mores Creme Pie-just thaw and serve!
 WhyIPie
 GotItFree
 OwnTheOccasion
 EdwardsDesserts
 Walmart
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Given a  77.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley 
Wells Fargo & Co Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Insider Jeffrey J. Gearhart Sells 11,104 Shares 
Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart on Weakness Following Insider Selling 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Given a  75.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Given a  88.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts 
The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life:  stocks  investing  trading  KO  Walmart  BRK-A  SPY  Apple  P&G
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Major Shareholder Alice L. Walton Sells 2,476,374 Shares 
Amazon Launches Online Grocery Pickup Service  AMZN  Walmart  PrivateEquity  Investing 

Sam Walton and Building a Business Empire:  Walmart  walmart  entrepreneurship  business  innovation  empirebuilding
 Walmart Max Pain = 76.00. Maturity = 06/02/2017. Previous close = 78.30.  
Competitive Position Of  UA  NKE  TGT Somewhere Between That Of  M And  AMZN  Walmart | 
Getting Started in Value Investing by Charles S. Mizrahi:  SPY  Apple  Intel  IBM  Walmart  DG  COST
Insider Selling: Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Insider Sells  104,107.50 in Stock 
CautiousInvestor commented on  WalMart  Earnings Show its Game on For Amazon,  Walmart Up 6% on Online Sales  AMZN  SPX 
 AMZN  Walmart:

Inc. (AMZN) Didn’t Kill Brick and Mortar Retailers …:


 kurtjetta  Albertsons I'm not crazy about Albertsons. Mediocre. Safeway acquisition helped. But Walmart a worse gr… 
 nikolamotor  nikolatrevor  smartest Move ever  Sharing  Hydrogen  Trucking  Refueling  Plug  Amzn  Walmart  FDX 
Walmart Top news - May 29th, 2017  Walmart 
 COST  Costco Is Set to Take on  Walmart   WalMart  - 
 Walmart sum put vol=1,805 sum call vol=2,946 PutCallRatio=0.61 expiration 06/02/2017 . 
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart Stock Price 
The next question is - with  Walmart now also a grocery store? via  gotsanctuary 
 AMZN  Walmart 
 Walmart Meet Wells Dairy: 30 Years of Making Great Value Ice Cream 
 ValaAfshar Predict consolidation. M&A led by  Walmart and  TGT
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Position Reduced by Boyd Watterson Asset Management LLC OH 
Happy to say I own none of those in slide 1, I do own  TGT and  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Major Shareholder Sells  202,627,882.60 in Stock 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Director Sells  103,870,537.40 in Stock 
Wal-Mart Stores’  Walmart “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co 
 Walmart Why Analysts Are Positive on Costco Stock 
Insider Selling: Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Director Sells  98,754,690.96 in Stock 
 Walmart:

GOP’s Proposed Tax Changes Are No Match for Status Quo:


Instead of going through each and every one of the 50 aristocrats, I want to pick one that I like.  KO  P&G  Walmart  T
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stake Increased by Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc.  stocks
Truepoint Inc. Has  255,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart  stocks
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stake Increased by Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. 
Truepoint Inc. Has  255,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Shares Sold by Country Trust Bank 
Patriot Wealth Management Inc. Has  3.898 Million Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
12 Great Books on Value Investing:  SPY  Apple  IBM  CSCO  COST  Walmart  PEP  MCD  KSS  LYB  XOM  ADM  investing
 TSCO  AMZN  Walmart:

This Retailer Doesn’t Fear Amazon:


 Detroit_Bear A very smart analyst I know suggested  Walmart was going to outperform going forward based on their Internet strategy.
Real Estate Investing: How to Flip a House as a Real Estate Investor:  realestate  HD  Walmart  SPY  LL  DE
Why Moats Matter: The Morningstar Approach to Stock Investing:  SPY  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart
