Walmart Worker Turns In  350 He Found In Parking Lot--His Good Deed Ends Up Costing Him His Job

Damn yall couldn't leave one gallon of milk or one loaf of bread in Walmart huh?? 😂😂😂😱😱💪💯💯💯
I bought a twin pack from Walmart and I believe I paid either  4 or  6 for it. Which isn't to bad
Got dj a toy phone he would not leave Walmart without it
"I could get that shirt for  5 at Walmart" 
 ABC This is sweet, but why doesn't his mom just shop  Walmart?  Self check everty time.
Walmart A Lil Pakked 😒
I wore my pajamas to Walmart today if that says anything about the amount of effort I'm putting in
 buzz And a trade war means they can't buy cheap crap from Walmart.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart'''


I miss seeing those international kids in Platts who voluntarily walk on the main road to Walmart as I drive by in constant shock & awe
 SaraNDiamond I like Hot Hands, you can get them at Walmart, they don't cost too much. They have a few varieties including ones for feet.
 tmkincaid3 we sell them at Walmart In the pharmacy department
Philips Norelco All-in-One Grooming Kit for  17 + pickup at Walmart 
Had very different taste...sticking to Walmart brand
Henderson ky Walmart has the worst customer service ever!!!!
Damn I go to Walmart and mfs acting like the world about to end .. why does everybody wanna wait till it snows to buy groceries 😂😂😂
The fish I bought doesn't compare to the one I bought from Walmart
why are Walmart stereotypes so accurate
At Walmart trying to flirt with this old man so I can get the last self checkout station ☺ — feeling determined
Water is pouring out from dairy at  walmart. They're shoveling water to try and stop it from spreading. I'm not douchey enough to record it.
I swear all of ECU is at Walmart right now
 IsntDaveOne :(. Canadian walmart didn't have them. ended up with a basket of oreos
I liked a  YouTube video from  kayaorsan Harry Putin and the Ten Dollar Walmart Tent
Walmart got more registers than any store I've ever been in.
Kiylah showed tf off in walmart 🙄
 HyprBriteDriftr walmart
conveniently found in the quaint little section of hair and skin products Walmart has for people of color 
I went in Walmart for 3 things but went to picking up shit my total almost came to 300  🙄
Puffcorn. How are you completely out of puffcorn? I feel like every time I go into your store you're out of what I want!!!!  Walmart
Linda Walmart has an abnormal amount of crack heads right now
 punchaginger I live in the middlest of America. I can list things I know about them all day. I know they love to wear pajamas to Walmart.
Cartier Says Walmart Is Not Authorized to Sell Its  18,000 Diamond Watches 
Everytime I step foot into Walmart, I feel like I'm gonna have to fight somebody!
 UPSHelp UPS the WalMart of deliveries!
Lmaoo it's no way they really sell Dracos at Walmart tho
Walmart parking lot look like the alley free before 11 😂😂😂
This was the other day but I remembered now because mike is going into Walmart to buy me subway & lady products. 🙃
The Walmart of  France  carrefour  travel
 Lettersfromerin Walmart in the frozen section! The brand is Gardein I think 😸
I'm soo hungry and I'm at Walmart, and I just got paid, so this isn't a good combo rn !!!
 yo_imkassidy Walmart
saw the biggest cutest stuff animals at Walmart, I want 😻😻
I need to know why peoples brains turn into diarrhea the minute they walk into Walmart
Rich couple make fun of poor family in line at Walmart – then stranger makes a brave decision 
 memphisgrizz55  tjustint I have Walmart brand 😐
 DeriumsPokemon I see people commenting about how hard it is to get Roaring Skies for them. My local Walmart is always chocked full of them.
How is the online industry a multi-billion dollar business beyond me. My shit ALWAYS comes in FUCKING DEFECTIVE  Walmart  Target  Amazon
Walmart's Just Acquired a Boston Ecommerce Pioneer for  70M  eCommerceTipsGuide 
I didn't know Walmart sold jacuzzis
 leashaa23 U r welcomed, Hope the girls have a marvelous career! Do send photos to all the big stores, K-Mart, WalMart, JC Penny and so on
 Walmart  GiantEagle THANK YOU  GIANT EAGLE!  Walmart doesn't know what "stocked shelves" mean. 
Walmart part 2: dad takes a sword and yells "OFF WITH YOUR TITS!" and cuts sue
 chevinthedude Do you work in dental advertising or as a Walmart greeter?
Fucking fell over at Walmart mart 🙃🤣😂😂
Walmart the day before any type of inclement weather is the 9th circle of Hell.
that's what I get for going to Walmart looking a hot mess 😅
Check out  Aquation it's available at Walmart and  walmart  influenster  aquationcare check… 
 Pdawwg69 my fams at Walmart have them get you  MackenzieBeth7
 GiveMeSprinkles from ass's are us or walmart ?!
If you're ever on the run, Walmart has you covered. 
 Boiled_Over7 Hi there. Thank you for taking the time to contact us. We suggest  contacting your local Walmart store directly.
Target girls r hotter than Walmart girls
shout out to the two girls at the Chestnut Walmart for saving me that spot, y'all the bomb, I hope this reaches u, we need more ppl like u
I feel like I'm about to get ran over in Walmart dang
I hate Walmart
Worse still, I learn about  StevenMcDonald while  Walmart where 2 employees r talking about how much they hate cops. 
Jus witnessed a guy talking to a shoe display at Walmart. Tf is wrong with people...
Walmart is playing Jesse McCartney. This is truly a momentous occasion.
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Milwaukee, WI 
 fuckbvtches u can only afford Walmart clothing so pipe down
CLARKSTON, WA - Help  ClarkstonPolice ID woman & vehicle in connection w/ alleged theft incident at Walmart:… 
 SenatorBurr  JoeNBC  RandPaul  NFiB  Small business owners need affordable, not gold-plated insurance.  (Give us t… 
this is the most life changing walmart trip i've ever been on
It's funny how the older associates like 60 and older at my work gather together and talk about Walmart; and their family problems. 👍
Probably should have went to Walmart... We are living off popcorn and ice cream. 😅
I could be ready to propose to the love of my life, but if she freaking tells me she prefers Walmart over Target goodbye it's over
 em_phalen "I've seen Matt Bradley and his son in Walmart TWICE"
I'm going to take a wild guess: the  Walmart exec who decided to stick these products next to… 
Fresh salsa from  Walmart Who wants some penicillin? Literally just bought this 10 minutes ago.  fresh  allnatural 
I need to run to walmart! 😤 I knew i was forgetting something
 Walmart I'm ok now thanks
 YoGeorg3  WSHHFANS Walmart or Amazon ? 😭
so i ate shit in the street and i being silly at walmart love u all kiss kiss kiss
Anything is bound to happen when NF D play hide and seek in Walmart off the shits
 grandeatour ou walmart 🚮
A mom saw me having a panic attack in the Walmart parking lot and asked if I needed an ambulance I said no so she brought me
I knew the world was fucked up when I found out Walmart was reselling Js
 Walmart and then you only have 4 cash register open out off 20 of them like how crazy is this
Walmart why have 32 checkout stands if you only have 12 open
Do we need to get some propane tanks from WalMart if we're gonna do the show in this snowy weather? ❄️ 
Man abducted at Walmart, forced to drive to secluded area, where he is robbed - 
On that Walmart wi-fi shit
I came to get a charger from Walmart and now my mom's making me buy groceries 😒😒
 LinzStanley I remember buying one at walmart that had everything I needed. I put it in a tote bag with a list of my meds, phone numbers
 EdLatimore In Walmart I saw perfectly healthy people taking the scooters.  THAT shocked me.
 Walmart how you have a hiring now sign and don't hire people I'm tired of waiting 1hr in line everytime I come here it's crazy
In & out of WalMart...back at home!! Its getting cold out there guys so dont go out if you dont have to!
You know, like when you get depressed after you go to Walmart
The cart pusher at Walmart said my jacket was dope. 👌🏽 
 Broendo was also found at a Walmart lol...
I went to Walmart and bought stuff for dinner and on my way home my mom called and said we were going out to dinner smh
 bchall I would too.  Perhaps Amazon and Walmart will also merge.  There is a lot of unfettered greed out there now.
when you walk to walmart in the snow and you don't even get what you went for🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
I swear the employees of the Auburn, Indiana Walmart have at least done either meth or crack 1 or more times...
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs ULTIMATE GAME OF BOTTLE FLIP IN WALMART! *ALMOST ARRESTED*
I hate being in Walmart. 😐
Rocking my new glasses designed by  7FAM and purchased at  Walmart 🤓 
Trying to get out of that post-Walmart funk
Walking around Walmart and at of these babies don't even have full out fits on
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 izzydeese the other day I went into walmart with Rora and this guy followed me for 5 minutes and didn't leave stop until Colton showed up
Watch out for falling prices...oh and semen too  kathymfish  goldenlamb13  TVBossyPants  
We cut the Walmart trip a little short cause certain things came up
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
 Pernell_Burford no but I did see some at last week!
 abbaccellati I work overnight at Walmart and it's an Adventure every night
My favorite hobby is smelling the scentsy melts at Walmart
+stores and the laundromat but we have to go a ways to get to a Walmart.
Just spent over  100 at Walmart and I just got a attitude. I hate college.
Some females were listening to Selena at Walmart, I started singing along. I don't know wtf she saying in English but I sing my ass off.
Interview for Walmart Monday 💪🏽
I'm glad Walmart advertises my favourite season. 📸: hawndanaguram 
 TheFoodLab  bakeat350tweets  shame on  Walmart.
 duskcry jokes on walmart tho, the shorter bird is a boy wearing makeup + a bow
Another bread run before the storm? You're out of luck if you're heading to the West Rome Walmart as shelves are... 
walmart 😂 I been in here toooo damn long! lemme get my nana groceries and be out 😒✌️
Huntindon  walmart came through in the clutch  TNWX   snOMG  snowmageddon 
A good Electrode appeared! It will be at the 300W Walmart until 5:13 PM.   SLC  PokemonGO 
Went to Walmart and then to KFC to get dinner. It's nice staying at a place where everything is close by. My mums apartment is close to+
it is interesting to see what college guys are currently buying at walmart in preparation for the snow...
 robmypIug she wanted to copy chanel but ended up looking like walmart lol tf
fine ass dude in walmart 😩😍 helped me with all of my things
I want a real rosca, not fake ones from Walmart or whatever. ☹️
Life Goals: To be on people of Walmart.... BRING FORTH THE SPANDEX!!
A Look at the new Valentines Tsum Tsum Merchandise Now Available at Walmart!  TsumTsum  
This why I braved Walmart earlier ..  snowpocalypse  Snowmageddon  WinterWeatherAdvisory 
I should not be able to sit on Twitter while I'm in the Walmart line
I feel sorry for anyone that has seen me in walmart the 3 times i've been in there today, because i'm still in my pjs😂  itstoocold
Gucci vs walmart 
If I could go to walmart and not get heckled about my tv provider or where I went to school that'd be great 🙃🙃🙂🙂🙃🙃
Walmart didn't have black leggings to fit her so I'll have to go to JC Penney
Just almost slipped and fell on ice walking into Walmart. Texas girls aren't made for this weather ❄️
anyway hi now im at walmart
also saw THE  Tim_doyle2001 at walmart
 DonteJanae I was about to say you might have to go to Walmart or dollar general lol. We ain't pay  30 for a plumber! It has ONE JOB 😂
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 WalmartCareers people in Mexico deserve equal food & animal welfare standards!  Walmart  WalmartDoubleStandards
 Walmart Will never order groceries from you. A storm STOPS you from filling an order AND REFUNDING    at same time?? 3 y/o in tears now!!
my grandma said "you got all kinds looking at you" at walmart😂😂
 PRT  Art  Ready2HangArt Painted Petals VI 3 piece Canvas Wall Art 
 TJay1k I got mad memories shopping at that walmart lmao crazy shit.
At a Walmart here in Mississippi... Sad 
Anyone wanna come to Walmart with me 🙃
At walmart😂 jk jk at a meet and greet 
fuck this black mexican slut i met at walmart and taco bell 
 Walmart please do the right thing and end your support of cruel cages in Mexico!  Walmart  WalmartDoubleStandards
chanel vs.  walmart 
Ugh! Walmart.
Philips Norelco All-in-One Grooming Kit for  17 + pickup at Walmart - 
 MissRBaller it's the second time I've been stared down in a Walmart parking lot, but instead it was a young boy instead of an old lady😂
+1 (225) 667-2867 if you want boiled crawfish , located in denham rite by Walmart
 maura_green03 my sister needs to gallop me to Walmart so I can get some vanilla extract
"I'm at Walmart, we are looking for some PS4 games, want anything" Me: let me get a steam card. *hangs up*
walmart neighborhood market before delivery!! just delivered product as people grabbing it of trays!  wxbrad 
 orangecatcher  TruckinSquirrel  deannajudd70 supposedly Walmart has deals on things.  The neighborhood market(grocery)+
In Walmart with my mom and I started choking and she starts dying laughing...like thanks mom
cheap champagne from jungle jims:  9.50
star wars lingerie from walmart:  12.95
 feeling of unescapable shame from within me: priceless
 StacyBlanding my mom is really walking around Walmart with this surgery hat on lmao I think she still excited working with them doctors😂😂
 lbasilio94 Ah, yes, thank you. 
"I'm at Walmart, we are looking for some PS4 games, want anything"
Me: let me get a steam card.
*hangs up*
I hate walmart it's so dirty .. Danville needs a target
Niggas scared to goto the south side Walmart after midnight but think they know everything about foreign policy.
walmart rockin 😂
Met some interesting people at Walmart on Q . 😳it was a stripper & her pimp & a 60/70 year old lady who loves five finger death punch
Is it like walmart 
A lady in walmart just tried to sell me Verizon internet & cable. bc my giant puffy coat & ripped jeans scream "I pay the bills in my house"
01/16/17 my last day of employment at  Walmart of Temecula, CA i will miss my coworkers 😪  bittersweet
At the Walmart on Hartford on a Friday night and it reeks of weed 😩
Walmart was packed at 11am with people getting prepares for this cold storm.
 GiantEagle,  Walmart,  Kmart announce closings  SN_Springer   via  SN_news 
So today I go to Walmart to get Leo and Stella sweaters.. now that I put them on, they won't even move.... they hate them 😂😂😂
The only thing that was entertaining today was that I watched people run into the automatic doors at Walmart because it was broken 😂😂😂
 LeslieRaeSinks I never fail to get anxiety when I go to Walmart! Good luck in there!
I fucking hate Walmart
I'm seeing a lady in sweatpants and a fur coat at Walmart…it's winter in Texas!
 iriepls dude I woke up in the parking lot w two dudes staring at me next to my car, I sped walked into Walmart so hard
Fisher-Price Disney Princess Musical Dancing Palace Just  24.97, Down From  54.97!  Walmart  disney
Sunbeam Dial Scale, Digital Tape Measure for  11 + pickup at Walmart

 mikeyle_ you can check brickseek for target and Walmart shipments too. People are usually quick about those ones tho hahah
My mom was highly upset that the Walmart in college station hardly carries any Goya products 💀
Save on Scotch(TM) Thermal Laminators at Walmart 
Walmart: Evenflo ExerSaucer Activity Center  42.88 via Couponing to Disney - has ... 
 _saadity but you can get them from Walmart. It should said oil and water resistance shoes
 dshyyyy got it from Walmart in the camera section (:
 vanessaafog try the new kiss mink lashes they're at Walmart !
 PRT  CleanWater  Household Kitchen Water Tap Faucet Plastic 
Electric Fireplaces at Walmart from  35 + free shipping w/  50 
When you see an ex in Walmart after two or three years and she's grown into being really pretty O_o
I'm gonna go to Walmart and take the TRY ME stickers off of the toys and put them on CONDOMS
Bad wreck by Walmart between wall McDonald's
sometimes you just gotta wear pope socks & wait in the car in the rain outside a walmart 
the woman in front of us at walmart just paid for our stuff, my heart
Goodbye, eat, then Walmart is the plan for tonight.
Save an extra  .50 on  Belvita Biscuits using the  IbottaApp at  Walmart!  ad 
Rich couple make fun of poor family in line at Walmart – then stranger makes a brave decision   walmart  foster moms
"Make sure you pinch them before you buy them, I made that mistake only once!"
- said random stranger at Walmart.
 PNW18  AATRHF  rdhbsms I've order from Walmart because they have great College stuff, but I pick them up at a store further away from us.
WALMART CANADA AIMS TO REDUCE PLASTIC WASTE - 
I'm at Walmart and there's no bread, meat, bananas or water lmaooo
myAppliances->Inside the Middle Eastern pantry with America's Test Kitchen - The Splendid…… 
Teen Jock's Quick Jack Off In Walmart Bathroom 
Fb flour is on sale at Walmart again :) 7  not bad if you ask me just thought I would let y'all know :)
i was in the hair dye aisle  walmart n my mama starts showing me glow in the dark condoms
4 lil things in Walmart was 24 dollars 😳
The only good thing about shopping  Walmart is that nobody tries to sell you anything.  NotSarcasm  SeriouslyThankYou
Enter to win  15 Starbucks,  15 Target &  15 Walmart gift cards!  win  sweeps  giveaway 
 Yugenti ((it ain't at Walmart. I forgot the store where I got it from. I'll let you know in a few minutes
Walmart looking like hunger games out here 😭😭😭
Does every Walmart have a "good good good" lady? Cuz I don't know what to do without her now
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to tell ME to dress better. Jeez she's bossy. So I'm off to Walmart! Promise. Will go this AM.
Soooooo mad my mom came to Walmart , I swear I just wanted to go pick up my phone and go back home in bed 😖
. Walmart is changing their retail  ShippingCompliance rules in 2017, is your  SupplyChain ready?  AFNLogistics 
 steelehuaaf Walmart getting stuff for me car
Idk why Erins ppl would even be in LFK at THAT walmart lol
This woman sent us waaay to fucking Walmart for a dog leash 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️ wtf
Walmart reaches employees worldwide through Facebook Live 
 ChemistCutie I WANT TO DRINK ONE SO BoeingD HHHH 

I HAVENT SEEN IT AT WALMART BEFORE THOUGH SO IDKK
If you don't enjoy just watching people at Walmart you're missing out.
Shelves are cleared, almost all bread and water gone at a Walmart in Marietta.  Snowmageddon  ATLWX 
 fuvngela have a smoothie so I went back out, went to my car, and drove to Walmart to get a smoothie from mcds
Starbucks Coffee Travel Mug Set for  8 + pickup at Walmart - 
Give baby some playtime with  Evenflo  JennyJump Up on rollback for  9.88 with in-store pickup from  walmart… 
Fuck Walmart fr. I broke my shit 😂 
 PNW18  AATRHF  rdhbsms You couldn't pay me to ever step foot in our nearest Walmart. I've been in nice Walmarts ours is not one of them.
 geeztori me and my bestfriend are going to Food Lion. Walmart gonna be too packed.
It's so funny watching people trying to find their cars in the  Walmart parking lot. LOL
en walmart
 HoustonTexans  cheerleaders  walmart come get a  free  Cupcake and  autographed  calendar  promoters  publicists… 
Well my car is sitting at Walmart currently because my battery is dead af.... why can't I have good luck with cars? 🙃
EVERYBODY in Walmart like the world ending, SHIT!
There was a cute boy behind us in walmart suddenly I am Straight
chanel v walmart  WaterlooRoad 
 Walmart  Publix, pls donate food to passengers and first responders sitting at  FtLauderdaleAirport.  FtLauderdaleShooting
Men's 3pc Long-Sleeve Shirt, Tie, Bow Tie Set for  7 + pickup at Walmart - 
I was in Walmart today in the baby section & I was looking for a car seat that could also hook up with the strollers, almost  200
Walmart prolly aint got it✌🏾 
 kingofcbus  Calltoart  dpt3rd  jon55021593  MOVEFORWARDHUGE  POTUS some end up settling 4 less pay.Ppl end up as Walmart greeter-age issue
The Griffin Walmart is completely out of bread and almost out of Milk. It's not even snowing... YET! 🤦🏻‍♀️
Walmart be like "Lets fake the news every year and say it will snow, ppl will go crazy buying our stuff" 
My bro to… 
I was in Walmart today in the baby section & I was looking for a car seat that could also hook up with the strollers, almost  200😭
 EmilyGritsman yeah, Mac was so mad about not getting to do the annual Walmart run 😂
Going to Walmart was clearly a joke
Don't leave me alone in Walmart I will literally stay there for 9 hours just walking around
 AATRHF  MickeyMouth1  rdhbsms  washingtonpost I think walmart buried kmart
 okaybrennen Walmart
Good Cook Nonstick Baking Sheet, 13" x 16"  [ Save 85% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
The Backstreet Boys are on Walmart radio right now and I couldn't be happier
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
can not wait to get up tommorow going to walmart
 MMFlint guns don't kill people. People kill people. Getting rid of the guns does nothing. Criminals do not go and buy their guns at Walmart
 BleedsIron  A tee shirt like that was MADE for wearing to my local Walmart.🤣
taylor and i just went to walmart and asked if they started selling king cake and they were like what's king cake?? like are u serious..
Anyone else notice that Valentine candy starts showing up at Walmart about the same time we all give up on our New Year's resolution?
Great Deal!  Walmart  quilted  Northern 
 RossStatus lmao hell nah. thats Wino liquor. dont bring me that shit. at least go to Walmart or CVS lmao
Wow peep Walmart
Walmart is always an interesting adventure
Condoms are cheaper in publix and Walmart than cvs and Wal-greens. Thank me later.
Walmart just bought ShoeBuy for  70 million. 
 Adorkable_Dana I didn't know if I was going to make it out of Walmart last night ha
Totally just had a personal photo shoot in the walmart parking lot and looked over to a laughing man in his thirties hahaha
So I went to Walmart to get some stuff since this Winter Storm❄️❄️❄️is coming, this is all I… 
Were you or were you not in a Palm Bay Florida Walmart today?  paulpierce34
Walmart cashier just called me "friendo". 2017 is off to a bad start
in these times of impending snow (aka doom), I'm so grateful that I'm in walking distance of Walmart.
 ingridvgallard Did you do it with that thing you got at Walmart when we went?
Went to walmart and saw a guy with a beanie on that said "Caboose" in big bold letters but I instantly thought "Casoose" 😂  KeenJingles
E: Speak English please

V: Walmart McDonalds Trump Disney
Grandma gets bean boozled by Walmart's customer service. 
You know it's flu season when there's a bargain bin at Walmart full of cold meds.  sicksale
Walmart: VTech Safe & Sound Video Baby Monitor ONLY  59.95 Shipped... 
 britwitthegat walmart was sold out def was gone grab that too
Walmart is packed omg
 jaythebae_ Walmart
Omg the Walmart greeter's enthusiasm is tew much
 _jaztastic Walmart. Shape be fye. Ask for Henry.
 DropkickMurphys I took my lunch break to go to Walmart to buy your album during an ice storm. They didn't carry it today. Very upset.
halftime game tonight at the varsity boys game!! if you win you will receive the prize pack and a  75 walmart gift… 
Texans cheerleaders are at Walmart letting ya know
i been at work since 12 i didn't hear nor did i see chris brown in walmart lol .
Accidentally knocked down a food display in Walmart, metal shelves and all 🙃
The Walmart in Ephrata is so overwhelmingly big I'm starting to rethink my stance on capitalism
Walmart is empty. Score.
 alessabraham  vicky_vdw  jeff_wold wait can this be a trend???? Omw to Walmart rn to buy little children's glasses. This is gold
WHEN I was in the deodorant section the Walmart lady asked me if I was Venezuelan...
Visa-Wal-Mart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB - The Globe and Mail 
South Carolina woman’s reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral 
People coming through my line at Walmart are preparing for the worst. Swear we get a little snow && people think the world ending.
Wasted trip to Walmart 🙂
Walmart getting expensive
 _iLoVeZairia_ Exactly. Niggas clearing out Walmart like we gone be snowed in 🙄
Another sprinkler water flow alarm. This time  walmart in  monroe
 JaredDines I bought 18 pairs of socks for  10 at Walmart. What a fuckin time to be alive.
everybody in Walmart with all they bad ass kids
 CypressAlou I never seen that many ppl inside the neighborhood Walmart. That was insane.
The solution to guns checked in baggage? You can't travel w ammunition. Find  Walmart when you land.  CNN  NRA  FtLauderdaleShooting
10 Reasons You Need To Try  Walmart Grocery Pickup! Win a  25 eGift Card + Get  10 off  thereviewwire Ends 1/12 
Haha, the cheap bread is still available at the Walmart on Cobb Parkway by Windy Hill. The Walmart brand only, lol!! I was curious to see😂
Walmart ruined my car's motor, I filed a claim and can't get a timely answer on anything
I liked a  YouTube video from  200mrsmart After blogging at Walmart
. SamsClub names a new CEO, as Brewer retires.  Walmart 
I actually made it to Walmart 😭🙏🏽
They declared a state of emergency down here. Walmart didn't have any water or bread 😂😂
Shorty in Walmart didn't ring me up for 1 of the most expensive things I had s/o to her
If your town has a Walmart or Target, & over 20 restaurants to eat at then you do not live in a small town‼️‼️
 Walmart Crowded store ahead of the impending storm in Villa Rica GA No 20 items or less checkouts open  badcustomerservice  pathetic
I heard there is no bread at the Walmart ...
Find me a ride to Walmart 😩😭 
I hate Walmart, I go in with the intention of spending 10 dollars and then come out with 12 unnecessary items and 80 dollars spent🙄
Man uses helmet to beat his friend to death at Walmart

I walked up to the Walmart checkout with cupcakes and the cashier said "Is it someone's birthday?"
I said "Yeah, it's my dog's." 🙃🙃🙃
Fave if u knew this was   walmart

Retweet if u seen this display b4
WALMART VERSION 
I'm convinced Walmart on a Friday is one of the nine circles of hell.
I got a toy bow and arrow for 27 cents at Walmart god is with me tonight
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Sioux Falls, SD 
finna go buy me a onesie from Walmart
This woman walked out of Walmart and slipped and busted the whole gallon of Milk 😭😭 crinee
It's supposed to be 45 tomorrow. The Walmart is all out of bread! 
Josh likes to fuck w shit w his car in the Walmart parking lot & we're always getting honked at cuz he always ends up in the way 😂
This is why I'm confused as to why bae continues to ft me when I got no makeup on, walking my double chin ass a rou… 
Do I have to lock and load just to go to walmart, this is not what I signed up for  fearinourtown
Your afternoon cocktale today on  altaz933 man squirts is man juice at women in a walmart 
Walmart is my favorite place on da whole earf
walmart most wanted . 🤔 
When all you take in Walmart is  25 cash and you owe  24.33.. cutting it close😳
"i literally live in this walmart"
hypothetically speaking, could one get their nudes printed at walmart? asking for a friend.
Who tryna hit Walmart real quick
For Sale by Owner: House in Poinciana, next to Walmart! (Pinciana, Kissimmee, FL)  99950 2bd 1879ft2 
 Pinaycincy that's what they call Walmart 😂  ALDUBEBNatlBangsDay
Wow. In Walmart for a few things and Rush fly by night is on the music....
My mom sent me to Walmart to get some stuff for the "storm" & ima fight her when I get home. Its no baskets food nothing left 😒
二人目ｗｗ　Walmart Ball Pit: Halloween Edition ?? 
Walmart may be my least favorite place on earth
CYBORG X just got released this week! Available nationwide at  walmart stores and walmartcom ...… 
steals cookies from walmart
kbye
I went to Walmart for lunch break and the funniest thing happened to me.
 VaginaMarauder lol, I gotcha! How you want it ? Route it to your account ? Walmart to Walmart? Mail? Write a check?
I officially hate the Walmart on 95th and Western.
 alphabashful 😂 it's been 2 months for me. ima just hit a good walmart this weekend
 SydneyKay15 I know! I actually just went to Walmart to get grapes and everything was gone 😂😂
A giant wave of store closures is about to hit the US 
Then suddenly 2 day Walmart says they have had my script since dec 7th! Cannot wait to move from this pitiful pharmacy  Walmart
One of my greatest regrets in life was getting my ears pierced at Walmart
Found some elf makeup brushes at walmart and even if they suck I dont care because theyre  1.97 😍
 DefendWallSt  Talkmaster but you can’t just walk into Walmart and buy one. There’s a process that can take months.
Walmart: Holiday Clearance NOW 75% Off 
 Alex_smokinn remember when we'd be walking around Walmart/food max splitting groceries down the middle 🤣💀
On 12/24/2016 at approximately 3:30 PM, the passenger in this vehicle shown on Walmart… 
 sammywilk sitting in a Walmart parking lot and got stared at by a small child for dancing. How's your night?😂
the uk version of lip sync battle is litterally the walmart to the us version, you get channing tatum, we get danny dyer
I'm at McDonalds in Walmart in Williams Lake, bc 
 evinsane you already know lol the damn Sparkman Walmart by the house. I went in there so busted but everybody else was too 😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Melbourne, FL 
It's like Haywood Mall at Christmas at  Walmart right now in  southcarolina.
moves home. walks into walmart. sees guy i used to talk to.. his friend.. and my exes mom all within 60 seconds. 🙃 it's lit
When your mom goes to Walmart and sees  morgsskinnerr but your not with her😭😘 maybenexttime
These customers at Walmart be wildin fr fr
I need to go to Walmart
getting taken to the police station cus i was laying on all the egg cartons at walmart tryin to hatch all the lil chicks and rescue them RIP
eBay: 2000 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake TEDDY BEAR White Boy 22" With Red…  uk  teddybears… 
eBay: 2001 WalMART CHRISTMAS TEDDY BEAR White Boy 20" Blue Sparling Outfit…  usa… 
 VicenteFoxQue Wait until we start taxing money transfers to Mexico at all of our Walmart stores.  We'll get it back.
Air Jordan's at Walmart? Rollback.
 CarlWRitter Nope. BoeingE systems and Walmart would sue for unfair competition, bro.
Really surprised to find this at me Walmart 
 Dank_Mardukas where in Mississippi are you? Because my Mississippi Walmart apparently only plays Toby Keith.
 Domo_Sinatra You must've went to the hood Walmart
 MidCityAce that white hispanic privilege card on works at the Walmart and Greyhound..
Everyone at walmart saying they are calling out tomorrow 😂
en route to Walmart to get prepared for this blizzard that's finna hit hattiesburg
 StandardOptical What a waste! Had glasses for less than 3 months and they broke! No guarantee? Even  Walmart has a guarantee, pathetic!
i saw THE  CarsonxArson at walmart
Saw Paul pierce at Walmart today. Shit was dope af
The liquor store is more lit than Walmart is right now lmao 😂
youre that fucker who comes to my walmart and pays for a goddamn energy drink and a slim jim with 100 dollar bill 
We live in a pretty dark timeline but at least it occasionally has a sense of humor: 
How much food can you get for  50 at Walmart?
OMG... They ALMOST have every register open at the Walmart... And it's not even a holiday!! 😱
All my friends are at my house chilling with my mom, and I'm at Walmart :)
sooooo when will Walmart restock cause I need to go back to school  grocery shopping lol
 Walmart birthday cake disappointment. Guess you get what you pay for.  walmart  cakefail 
*In walmart*
Grandma: "Is that a boy or a girl?"
Loreal: "Um, I don't think we should assume their gender"
😂😂😂
Went to Walmart and bought a roll of cookie dough but nothing else... not sure I'm doing this snow preparation thing right
Wow! Walmart already has Valentine's Day stuff out.❤️❤️❤️
This old man at Walmart is trying to get me to start bitching about the wait and I'm like no??? Because I'm patient???
I saw something so rare today....all the registers open at Walmart. Turns out all it takes is the threat of a little snow.
 joshhsanchez it's so sad I'm known for my Walmart life 😭 but I miss my bby Josh 💞
Walmart Haul!☺  NewVideoAlert  NewVideo  YouTube  NewVlog  DailyVlog  StoryTime  Haul  HaulVideo… 
Just saw Sinclair wearing jeans at Walmart if anyone cares.
Currently in line at Walmart 🙃
Here at walmart freezing my dick off
 DDFGhostHunting  but what if Walmart is haunted ...
In case anyone is wondering... Northport, AL  Walmart bread supplies are starting to run low... Thanks… 
You would not believe what I just found in Walmart
Walmart too freaking packed right na...ppl act like they can't push baskets
But !!! Shoutout to Walmart for having majority of the registers open today! 👏🏽👏🏽
Why in the fuck all the bread and milk and noodles in Walmart gone
va is "supposed to get" nearly 6 in of snow. ppl are raiding Walmart like scavengers. I grabbed 10 packs of ramen noodles & wine, I'm set👌🏾
 Walmart pharmacy is the worst pharmacy & not helpful! I have been in 3 x's 2 get my med to be told they didn't have it.
Everyone and their mother is at Walmart right now  Fml
 sale Monster Jam Grave Digger Quad 12-Volt Battery Powered Ride-On -  179.00: Walmart offers Monster Jam Grave… 
No trip to Walmart is complete without witnessing at least one incident of child abuse and/or neglect.  MAGA
Everyone was in the ice cream isle at my Walmart! 😂 then again I'm in VA....we weird. 
Just bought so much damn junk food from walmart
 klvrk20 leaving Walmart
Walked by a car in the parking lot of Walmart and they were just fucking
3 predictions for the future of  retail  via  wef
My meat department at Walmart is almost empty, is all because these people gettin prepared for the snow..and i don't see any yet.
 orangecatcher  deannajudd70 walmart IS strange
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Greensboro, NC 
Man these folks fucked Walmart up.
Every time I have an issue with  amazon their  customerservice is always above and beyond.  Walmart  take notes.
 baIIoongum Aww thank you!! If you've got a Walmart nearby I super rec this trolls collection, though anything hard candy is p fun & good ☺️
WHY SOMEBODY ASK ME IF I TAKE WALMART GIFT CARDS... 
First time going to Walmart in a year. Didn't even make it in the store before seeing two people I know......
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage b
I bought some wireless earbuds at Walmart for  10.
Can we just burn Westminster Walmart to the ground already? Jfc this place is a nightmare.
I'm really dreading going into Walmart right now .
So tell me why Walmart and Kroger empty af. People in Georgia so extra!!
PSA: if you suffer from some sort of "stress disorder", DONT GO TO WALMART right b4 a blizzard.  southerners  help
Gosh saw everyone at Walmart country shelby mrs Harris jake and jo jo
Visa Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB 
y'all runnin in Walmart like it's about to b the end of the world or something smh
 machminer hope you follow the Walmart recommendations. 
So far I've seen 3 dogs while I've been at Walmart but they have all been working. I'm sad but I respect the work ethic of blue collar pups.
My Walmart had the Arcanine break box on the shelf got them to price match Amazon!
I'm officially breaking up with Walmart and choosing Target instead. They're so fn chill there
Guy outside Walmart asked me to buy him some food .. 
waiting in checkout lines over a dozen people deep at walmart with a toddler makes one seriously consider shoplifting
 SavagelifeTwin Walmart 😂😂😂 they are always open
Walking through  Walmart makes me really appreciate  WinCoFoods.  NoMethHeads
 Walmart  Target Nothing like a 40 min wait in a Walmart line. Should have gone to Target. Hardly any registers open  4outof27  target
Now Selling:  Express, Walmart, Office Depot Discount Gift Cards! 
❄️ braved a trip to Walmart for groceries
ok wine, mostly for wine.
 neeknillyy you supposed to leave Walmart with 4 bags easy
News flash: you get some weird looks walking around Walmart with 8 boxes of cookies and a nerf gun
eBay: 1999 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake TEDDY BEAR White Boy 22" W/Great…  usa  teddybears… 
Is it safe to go to the Howell Mill Walmart Now? 🤔
Pizza/Delivery/Dinner and movie night at home.
A picnic at the park.
Paint night (get some canvases and paint from… 
my mark on walmart 
 ggisselle4 you can try Walmart or target . I got mine from Walmart
Or y'all can go see chocolate chip cookies in Walmart  
At Walmart 😂😂😂😂 gotta love the south 
when i go into walmart its a dangerous game.. i either spend 60 dollers or 200 theres no in between
 Jasmine_blu walmart, they're like  2.50!
The  walmart exhibit at  CES2017 looks like the inside of a  Walmart store. Not sure brand consistency was a good strategy in this instance.
walmart has these frozen themed cool touch tissues honestly they are life changing they are so cool and nice on ur poor lil nose
 abrahamlaiken who else forget they met you 20 times until they lost you in walmart 💞
start snowing please fuck Walmart tonight I'm sleepy 😞
Does anyone else walk around Walmart for n hour get like 5 things then put two back go back get 3 more then... 
Sunday Jan. 8th: RDU Shuttle pickup 2:00 & 4:00pm depending on road conditions. 303 Blue and 307 Walmart are cancelled.  ECUBus
 HTC_AlanaG & I are here at Walmart off of West Road and 45! Come say hi! 😀👋🏼 We are  TexansPlayoffs ready!… 
as soon as I walked out of walmart an eagle swooped over me pretty low an it was then that i felt like a true rural American
Gerber Newborn Boy Sport Fan High Top Soft-Sole Sneakers Just  2.97, Down From  12.99!  Walmart  gerber
Chanel VS Walmart  vipdeluxe 
 Walmart why are there only 4 out of 27 registers open in Highland Village, TX?? This is why I hate Walmart. Target… 
Visa-Walmart Deal Could Mean Higher Fees for Smaller Merchants: CFIB: By Alexandra Posadzki, The Canadian Press… 
This Walmart on. North avenue right before Cicero is A HOT MESS. BRUH
Walmart Technology: In the spirit of  NationalTechnologyDay, thanks to our technologists for their continuous  inn… 
Walmart customers be hurt when you put that lane closed sign up and the lines long 😂
Thought going to Walmart on a Friday in the middle of the afternoon would be alright. Hell no this shit is crazy
The look of shocked excitement on  battonbaseball2's face when he turns around at Walmart to see pork rinds on the shelf 😂😂😂
Stanley Growler / Vacuum Pint Glass Bundle for  19 + pickup at Walmart

Jackson Hewitt Tax Service is now open in the Chadron Walmart to help you get the best refund you are allowed. Phone 308-221-3623.
Walmart is a HOT mess. You can't walk around . Everything is gone. Every lane is open and everyone is irritated.
I went to walmart and there was a dog in the back of someone's truck and I was going to take a pic, but there was a person in the car. 🙃
South Carolina woman’s reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral 
 zdzyloak I know Walmart & Target mighty have GoPicnic ready-to-eat treats like these: 
"You look beautiful no matter what so F*** what everyone else thinks" -Walmart employee after I said I look horrible
meanwhile , i know walmart finna make me do these 8 hours 
I just saw a little girl twerkin in Walmart and I guess it she was with her ratchet mama..she was laugin 😮
Well  walmart told me I'd receive a call by today and if not, it would be escalated. Well, no phone call.
I HATE walmart...
I liked a  YouTube video FREE XBOX AT WALMART Intercom Prank
 Eagles89801  WWETNAfigures  FScopers  TOYSPOTTING Walmart
 Walmart If  Walmart would stock their shelves it would be a miracle!  alwaysempty
Taco Pizza Rolls- easy and delicious   ad  recipe  tacos  pizza  dinner... by  DianneDHarman via  c0nvey
 Walmart  I Am never buying another laptop from you guys :(((((((((((((
hey mikey im chris i just started watching ur vids a couple days now my big bro showed me a vid of u al walmart overnight. ive watched scinc
 spookyantivist SAME HERE EXCEPT IT WAS TARGET AND WALMART
 Walmart tried lol 😂  TheSims4 
Funny, I'm curious,  do people really go shopping in their pj's  in Walmart? 
 ixxxxixci i didn't know that! Yea I hate walmart. Why can't Target creat memberships like these stores. Life be easier😔
Walmart back being packed asf
My ma been at Walmart foreverrrrrr
 Walmart   i bought a hp 17-p121wm last year for Christmas it lasted for a good year until now it is really slow now
Just K.O'd some racist fuck in Walmart, how's y'all day going lbvs
It should not have taken me this long to get to Walmart 😐
myAppliances->Holyoke community delivers various donations to fire victims -…… 
I'm wide open like a 24 hour Walmart
I fucking hate Walmart and they one open register having ass 😒🖕🏿
Omg thats scanless!! They turned the Compton swapmeet into a Walmart 😳😳
where is this person   in Ohio that there is more to do than Walmart and Sheetz runs 
i saw a little boy at walmart with full tmnt pj's, including a matching robe and i fist bumped him bc i would do the same but spider-man lol
Lmao people at Walmart are so fucking impatient like chill.
walmart employees are so rude lmao
why... Mississauga Walmart Shopper Sues for  500,000 After Being Injured by Unsafe Shopping Cart 
Why my dumb ass go to walmart and didnt get shit but I went to Auto Zone to get a box of cereal. (Don't ask me why bc im confused too) lol
 ZachEClark  ESPNTUCSON absolutely. Have you seen what the people at Walmart wear?!?! Nothing wrong with a jersey.
 noemiiir sams is same company as walmart and I'm not a fan of Walmart lol
I'm in new york for valentines day, theres a walmart 15 minutes away from the airport, is it worth going to try and… 
whys it always so hot in walmart stop
 DollarGeneral I have a Marketing degree. I understand bait and switch advertising. It's ok, I'll just spend my money at  kroger or  Walmart
 JongeNReckless get out of walmart
Imma get banned from Walmart them workers be trying it and I will go off 
WALMART, TO JERRY'S POOL
RIGHT SHOE OFF
JUST A LITTLE DIP
BETWEEN MY CHEEK AND GUM
As my flick PLAN 9 hits at Walmart, the gifts keep on comin! Got this in the mail today. Love the show, and it's... 
there's three police cars at walmart what happened this time
, gotta go to Walmart when I get off but I hate going in there by myself
I went to Walmart got some firewood, 30 pack and some MEAT
Supposed to be bread. Wilkinson Blvd Walmart.  SnoWBTV 
As my flick PLAN 9 hits at Walmart, the gifts keep on comin! Got this in the mail today. Love the show, and it's a… 
god what the fuck. i just need anti-bacterial fragrance free soap but apparently walmart doesn't have any 🙄🙄🙄
Cake Boards-12" Round Circles 3/Pkg  [ Save 85% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
If I almost get run over one more time by a cart at Walmart I'm probably going to yell
You would think it's the end of the world if you were at Walmart right now
I hate this Walmart pharmacy
Nice savings!

Walmart: Evenflo ExerSaucer Activity Center  42.88 


I go to Walmart for 1 thing and spend  200 I'm over it
Eggs. Wilkinson Blvd Walmart.  SnoWBTV 
Monster Jam Grave Digger Quad 12-Volt Battery Powered Ride-On -  179.00: Walmart offers Monster Jam Grave Digger… 
walmart got a lot of games out i might get a game from walmart or gamestop one of the stores.
The 2016 Winter Walmart Beauty Box!: via  YouTube
Walmart runs when you have nothing to eat in the apt...<<<
And American Walmart shoppers just laugh... 
Woman accused of getting drunk inside Walmart, grabbing EMTs crotch  KPRC2 
 Walmart always runs out of Hanes hoodies, and when they do have them they're never in my size!! 😭😭
Go to Walmart or something and see if they can fix it maybe?? 
Walmart is a madhouse right now smh
I hate going to Walmart
Chanel vs Walmart 😐😐 
i'm at walmart dead 😂
I received  15 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Couple make fun of poor family in line at Walmart – then stranger makes a brave decision   walmart  foster moms
 EveKinley  DrJillStein Walmart has the lowest prices on Vitriol.
 _wootenanna ‼️ update: duck was spotted in Walmart parking lot ‼️
I love having a tall mom. when I get lost in Walmart she's easy to find
Walmart 
Walmart mode 😊
INVESTMENT NEWS Visa Inks Deal with Wal-Mart, Lifts Credit Card Ban in Canada … 
🍤 (  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Anaheim, CA) 
 _iAmBuck walmart, behind the soap
White Resentment on the Night Shift at Walmart 
Ribbed for her pleasure  RhysLushey   Walmart  america  trump  shoes  dank  durex  ribbed  podcast  comedy 
Every hour I spend in a Walmart is another year knocked off of my life expectancy 😩
 Bellarmadillo  TheWeirdWorld You sound like the Walmart type of person
Electric Fireplaces at Walmart from  35  deals  mtn
So today I went into Walmart on Mobile highway and almost had my soul taken by a devil worshiper and then raped my a man with an ugly grill
there was a fight at walmart over a damn cd 😂😂
 scream_dion i got the walmart deluxe
I been trynna hit Walmart all day and folks wanna wait until the snow starts to wanna go. Nope go alone 😂
 twilighttana melatonin or there is a sleep aid pill thats the walmart brand nd it works rlly well. or advil pm
 realellsworth my son saw you at Walmart a few weeks back. Was so ecstatic but was scared 2 bother you. Can you say hi 2 Michael
only dave would be getting punished right now by some man at walmart over razors .....
😂😂😂😂😊😊These Southerners crack me up. Not a flake has fallen and Walmart has ZERO amount of bread left 😂😂😂😂😂😂😊😊 
I liked a  YouTube video Harry Putin and the Ten Dollar Walmart Tent
Come see us at Walmart in Stafford, TX with  budlight to help promote  HouSuperBowl 💕💕💕

 TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker… 
Just spent 60 damn dollars in Walmart 😩
 kennedy_lyric of all the places, I think Walmart will be the last place I'll be judged😂
hahaha i'm never coming to walmart to get gas ever again.
If you want to socialize, come to Walmart when it's supposed to snow 😂
About to walk into Walmart with anchoitas on  canttakethehoodoutthegirl
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB From  GlobeBusiness
I'm glad there are still nice people out here. Thank you, nameless hero, who helped me jump my car off after my battery was dead at Walmart.
Blurry Valentines Day at Walmart 
 INSANITY! My husband never carried a badge w/o his off duty gun on this waist Conceal carry for him in NY&NJ-PAPD
 ABC Josh Earnest needs to work at Walmart. He could be that guy you ask where something is and after 30 min admits he has no clue
 Walmart what the hell why you letting your employees talk to my girl like that 
Walmart insider speaks. Tunels underneath to FEMA death camps and UN ins... via  YouTube
Goes to Walmart to buy water & beer
I wish her and her Dutertarded family well-deserved careers as Walmart store baggers and McDonald's drive-thru crew for life.
Does Walmart drug test
I'm a Regular at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp! 
Future spouse: *at Wal-Mart* Come here often?
Me: Yes, actually. Almost daily.  walmart  walmartismysecondhome  helpmeLord
 Chadtronic Only at Walmart
Walmart has everything
Glow in the dark hoes, coming soon to a Walmart near you 
I just learned that the most expensive coffin you can buy from Walmart costs  3987.50, a fact I will totally bring up on every first date
She going in all these stores by herself ! Especially Walmart I will not be seen like this ..😂
Chanel vs Walmart 
Walmart lines never end my arms finna be so strong in a minute 😭
walmart is full of many, many smells today/always.
Electric Fireplaces at Walmart from  35 + free shipping w/  50 - 
 Miss_KMichelle you said Taco Bell and I said it dog food just got to Walmart or s grocery store 😂
At Walmart  Vlog 
Chloe is obsessed w all the cute little grand bags Walmart has. I swear we were in there for an hour just looking at all of them
Walmart was so bad, I left my buggy full of groceries and beer and walked out. GO HOME MCDOWELL
omg im gonna have to see if they have these at my walmart 
Yeah don't go to Walmart just don't do it
At Walmart getting what any good Tennessean gets when it snows 2 inches: milk, bread, and eggs.
 Royals The Walmart days of the 90's & 2000's are back in KC. Was Mark Teahan & John Buck not available?How long has Allard Baird been back?
 kenzirae_4 Go ahead and return the scanner to the customer service desk. Thanks for letting us know! -Ami
I knew better than to be at Walmart right now.
 SilentAbigail  ATwistOfScares  RonKillings  MojoRawleyWWE  MmmGorgeous [Screw it. We all rob Walmart and DIE.]
I low key would rather pay the extra 20 for that oil change than to come back to Walmart cause it's "cheaper" I've been waiting since 1 🙃
 Miss_KMichelle oh it's dog food at Walmart in that case 😂😂
These 2 just braved  walmart  whydowecomehere  peoplearecrazy 
chanel vs walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Chamblee, GA 
Niggas out here in the Walmart being extra as hell 😭
I've just walked into a Walmart for the first time in my 25 years. Very interesting experience having just marathoned Superstore.
But I need to run to Walmart n find us something to eat
Star Wars: A New Hope 6" Luke Skywalker for  15 + pickup at Walmart - CNET - 
THEY'RE PLAYING JESSE MCCARTNEY AT WALMART WTF DID I TIME TRAVEL TO 2007
 The__Tactician nigga prolly walking wrong walmart with 15 slices of bread smh
Man accused of spraying women with semen at Ohio Walmart 
Uncle Walmart got whateva ya need Wholesale❗️⚖️
i just walked into walmart and had 3 people i've never met ask me if i was "the hunter"🤔
Look who I found hiding behind some old figures at WalMart 
if you enter a Walmart past 4pm I guarantee at least 5 people will be in their pyjamas
 tbhpml  dansprettybody IM AT WALMART AND I JUST SCREAMED IN ONE OF THE CHECK OUT LINES
Just got picked up from the police station did some bad shit in walmart
 SilentAbigail  ATwistOfScares  RonKillings  MojoRawleyWWE  MmmGorgeous [We arrive at Walmart and get out.]
Omg I went in to Walmart & the people r going nuts all bread gone can goods, water, snacks  gone , all I needed was a notebook 😊
today's near death experience:

getting trapped in the middle of a fight over the last box of Little Debbie Zebra Cakes at Walmart
This "snow storm" is only for a night. I'm confused on why Walmart is so packed... people are acting like it's a hurricane
CititelInc: Visa-Wal-Mart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB 
 Jasmine_blu I was looking for white tights recently and saw some at Walmart! Didn't buy them though so idk if they were semi sheer!
I have so much time when I get back from this walmart trip I'm going to reformat my Tumblr and make a new IMVU account.
i hate walmart
I think I'm more afraid to drive thru a Walmart parking lot then an actual road
Awake at 4:30am online shopping at Walmart 😌😌😌.
Look what is now available! 
Walmart saving the day by playing Jesse McCartney, Beautiful Soul
🖕🏻 Walmart 
Can happily announce, the  PinkRods BoeingITCASTING Combo will be on Walmart shelves by March 1st.… 
I understand not being used to the snow. But if you watch the weather and see that it's just 2". You aren't going to die. Why raid walmart?
We have 40  bags of black sunflower seeds for the regular price of  14.99.  Walmart had them for  18.34 as of 1/5/17.
I just came to Walmart for Dog food & laundry detergent & these people are in here acting like it's a snowpocalypse out side.
Hahaha I'm walking out of Walmart and I hear "hey buddy" and I'm like oh my god I know who that is🙄😮
[Puts  SilentAbigail /  ATwistOfScares /  RonKillings /  MojoRawleyWWE / MmmGorgeous in the car and drives down to Walmart.]
We'll stuck  at Walmart.. 😩👍🏽
it always bothered me that greenville would get two flakes of snow & everything in walmart would be out of stock....
Did you guys know you can get Ray-Ban glasses from Walmart!?!?! I got the newer version of my glasses. Hardly even different.
KPLR: South Carolina woman’s reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral 
Walmart was hella PACKED
Walmart in LC is absolutely ridiculous
I liked a  YouTube video HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US
 JohnOberg  PWM62  Walmart these animals may be raised for food but that doesn't mean they should be raised in a inhuman way.
My Sick Ass Always Do This When I Go Into Walmart 🤦‍♀️ 
lmao someone at walmart greeted cindy "good evening" and she responds with "thank you"
Omg at Walmart there's a twerking teddy bear which twerks to stitches! ||  adultmendes 
Absolute garbage! Explain how we are suppose to fight every regimen and lower the deficit?Fight China and shop at W… 
 JustnotTrudeau  CBCNews if ur walmart job deserves one vacation a year, damn right he deserves 10 for responsibility of running gov't.
Got these goodies at Walmart for  1.75 (Maybelline Great Lash Mascara) and  1.50 (Nivea Lip… 
 angelaterry_ If the pharmacy was at Walmart it’d be double birth control.
Saw this at s main Walmart last night 
 TheFive Can secure all areas. Can't secure mall entrance walmart after thanksgiving bus stations. add security to areas maybe no checkpoint
I love going to Walmart to look at the valentine's giant stuffed animals that I'm not going to get🙄😊
16 WTF Sights You'll Only See At Walmart 
fine dude in walmart , bless 💔
Cvs / Walmart 
I love when "running to Walmart real quick" turns into 4 hours and 7 stores
Went to Fresh Market after work trying to avoid the madness at Walmart or Kroger. TUH. 

Never again.
 teachingintutus Walmart. Something simply and easy.
One of my followers sent me this pic of a bird, pecking the meat, inside a  Walmart 
Macy's, Kohl's, Walmart, and Sears, have collectively closed hundreds of stores over the last couple years 
Enter to win  25  Walmart  GiftCard  giveaway   sweeps  holiday  Christmas
chanel vs walmart  
Every time I come to Walmart I go to the CD section and pass by Pure Heroine telling myself I'm going to buy it one day
you know those little fruit snacks from Walmart with the smiley faces on them? 

yeah them thangs are fire 🤗
I liked a  YouTube video from  aldoworld 👮🏼🚨COPS 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT WALMART TOY FORT GONE WRONG ⏰|
 PhillyD  Phil you swine, obviously the best deal will be at Walmart!
Everybody and they mama was at Walmart.
CAP Barbell Doorway Sit Up Bar for  5 + pickup at Walmart

Visa-Wal-Mart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB 
 ACE_H_J Walmart never closes 😂😂
I slipped at least 4 times coming out Walmart, probably looked all pendejo waddling to my car 😅
WalmART
 WCWWorldwide  MJGIV79  HOVAAA friend of mine found it for me at a Walmart in Texas😃 
Here are the Walmart-style slipcase covers by themselves. Print 'em out. Slip 'em on your DVDs. Show the world how… 
Roaming walmart waiting on my car 😩😩
WALMART DONT GOT NO MF BREAD 😞  RIPATLANTA
 Netsa_Sara  gamayauber01 I don't like Walmart either. The feeling of depression in the air is palpable.
Walmart Grocery: A Mom's Perspective + Referral Coupon - via  bootsndiamonds
Like I want to go to Walmart but I know it looks like an amusement park because of this "snow storm" lol
I miss you baby girl ! & our late night adventures to the walmart parking lot. I love you & hope your doing well! ❤… 
Not tryna to drive to Walmart 😭
I tried some vegan sausages from Walmart and I stg they feel and TASTE like real meat
Physically shopping at Walmart aint shit. However, Walmart .com is lit.
 ZaidJilani, Obama was harsher to Clinton. He attacked her ties to Walmart; her "obliterate Iran" remark. That hurts  peterdaou's narrative.
 zakuunit And why I'm not going to that Walmart again.
looks like a walmart justin bieber but he replies in seconds
 RGIII i think i just saw u a the north olmsted walmart huge fan btw and i went to the game we won so thank you for that  DawgPound
Cinnamon Roll Waffles with Cream Cheese Glaze  ad  recipe  cinnamonroll... by  pinterventures via  c0nvey
A lady a Walmart Just started speaking Spanish to me because she thought I was Cuban..
Why do people dress like they're going to the club, when they're at walmart? 
Attention seekers much?
Just went to Walmart with Alex
 ActorMikeBiddle Wow! Not long ago I saw an entire family going into a Walmart in their pajamas. 1 of them was even wearing bunny slippers.🙄
 TrueFactsStated  BarbaraRacek Cover during election. Joe and Mary Six-Pack saw this crap every time they stood at… 
About to go into Walmart with shorts on😑
Didn't take long tho, y does everyone grasp the concept of open another register when it's a long line except Walmart lol
Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M 
Walked into Walmart 4 face wash and walked right back out, I wasn't about it
Walmart selfies 🍬 
Doug Mcmillon's 3 predictions for the future of retail  davos2017 

I'm trying to get home before midnight can these people in Walmart hurry the fuck up
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Green Valley, AZ 
 m4urren don't go to Walmart
Some smelly guy in  Walmart line apparently thought he was Billy Bad Ass parent by taking away a toy from his kid & cussing her out. 🍕💩!
Everytime I go to Walmart I always buy all the shit I don't need it never fails. 😂😂😂
i HEH her thigh-highs ship walmart
I Really Wanna Get At Walmart Or Publix
Indiana jones is playing in the break room so Walmart has redeemed itself for the time being. 🙃
Boy:So you like bad boys?
Girl:yeah
Boy:Well I'm not trying to impress you or anything but at Walmart I enter through the exit
 vickyisickyy i can't believe all my fronds are banned from walmart :')
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in San Antonio, TX 
 17DISH  themoosespeaks  maddow I hear all leftist people gets free tissues this month at Walmart
 American_NEET  chrismogaku nigga the second i heard the wrong newsweek was published i went RIGHT to walmart and copped two of these
i go to walmart when im bored
Somebody take me to Walmart I have to grab some stuff for school tmrw
jacky got bts tickets and i can't even leave my house to go to walmart wow
Soon as I get home, gotta go out to Walmart. 
No matter the weather conditions mfs gon come in Walmart 🙄
Is it acceptable to go to walmart in my pjs?
Visa-Walmart deal sparks small business concern 
 HappyValentine it's January 06, 2017  Walmart 
Went to Walmart when I left work and shit was ridiculous
Can everyone at the kville little Walmart like go away so I can't do my shopping
JUST HAD A GUY IN WALMART SAY I WAS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GIRL HES EVER SEEN.
Walmart: Kandoo Wipes Only  1.98! 
Taco Pizza Rolls- easy and delicious   ad  recipe  tacos  pizza  dinner... by  WomanlyWoman via  c0nvey
Honeywell Wicker Park 48" Ceiling Fan for  50 + free shipping: Walmart… 
Alberto VO5 Herbal Escapes 3-Pack for  2 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers… 
Hey Cool, You Can Buy a Hot Rod Jeep Crate Engine From Walmart Now via  RoadandTrack
Mood: trapped in WalMart with Southerners freaking out about snow & one rammed me with a cart b/c she's expecting a… 
😂 literally was just at Walmart, left with some dusty off brand bread
 SMXRA can I get from like Walmart or something??
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dallas, TX 
Went to WalMart along with 10 gazillion other people to stock up on  NVFlood supplies. To their credit, plenty of supplies, they were ready!
 ToriaSiemens Walmart is always a dicey proposition... After all, there are "People of Walmart" videos for a reason...
 _madamrosee I'm about to go to Walmart now & see what I can get , you did Od good tho
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 1/31/2017 
The snowpocalypse is on its way and Walmart wasn't out of bread and milk
 highimjessi aren't they discontinued in Canada now tho?? I snagged the last thing of burgers from Walmart... :(
Hahahaha hahahaha this hobo just said oh all you got is your card "they don't cash back at Walmart" 😂😂😩😩
If you go to Walmart, you gotta go to the electronic section to even check out reasonably quick.
 octopifer tire chains are sold at lots of places like walmart for ~ 20. if youre really concerned for safety on your trip it might be worth
 YasssIts_0ero Walmart.
It's wild at this Walmart.
I always forget how much I hate people till I walk into Walmart or Wawa 😅😅😅
 riibrego the silver one (pic 4) that we found screamin in a walmart parking lot a week prior to finding the sisters is also ours these days
 royalkingdom is the  redneck  walmart
Lol  Walmart one of your employees may be missing a scanner. Found it in one of my many bag! Can you tell me what t… 
my brother had  5 and asked if i could drive him to walmart so he can buy popcorn ☹️💞
Everyone and their mom in Walmart right now 😂
new webcomic about there only being one walmart in the world, all other locations are just portals.
How is it still possible that people can just walk into their neighborhood Walmart & buy a gun?!
 2cynical4u lol there's like a Walmart and that's it pretty much 😂😂
WHY ARE THESE AT WALMART LMAO 
 MikachiziArt I'm so angry at Walmart. I hope the 5 live (they're a little healthier than the 2) or I'll call animal control on the fuckers
 MaraSchaffler I just a rosca de reyes at Walmart and thought of you.
 Walmart it's okay though, Target is right next door and their parking lot (and EVERY SINGLE OTHER LOT in the town center) was cleared 🙃
These lines are crazy in Walmart tonight !
Mane im finna straight go to Walmart and get something to cook
 that_mixedkid lol Walmart
I hate my town so much I can't they found a fucking foot in the Walmart parking lot and they thought it was human but it's an animal foot😂😂😂
hi guys warren harper here i ate crap at walmart and after i died love u all friends
walmart pharmacy really sucks 🙄
I dnt get off till 10 I swear when I get off and Walmart don't have no dam food ima be tight !
*cant drive car*
*asks for a ride to walmart*
*gets bitched at*
Trips to walmart always clears the mind
Plus, mamas! I got these at walmart this week for  2- 3 a piece! Plus some pants. All winter garanimals are on clea… 
So lady almost hit me TWICE  while i was walking in the parking lot of walmart, be careful out there guys
Just seen a girl at Walmart with one eyebrow, guess she forgot to draw the other one 😂😂😂
Left the house feeling kinda low bout myself n some random lil girl just came up to me at Walmart and said "you're really pretty" 😭😍
Found  5 in the parking lot at WalMart look at God 🙌🏾
Proud of my bro the CTO... Walmart has acquired a Zappos competitor to boost via  Recode
I be in Walmart thinking ima spend no more than  20 every time 🙄
 SpitDaReal  CollegeGameDay  espn they don't shop walmart like their fans do.  That's for sure
so tonight was fun, i deadass broke down crying in the walmart parking lot bc i had Emotions over a vocaloid song,
Walmart is a mess 😑
On God This Book From Walmart Good Asf . It Was Only  5 And Its About 460 Pages So It's Gone Last Me A Good 4 Days Up Here At a Work
 Walmart I hope they prosecute this man to the fullest extent ! Horrible 
Cashier accused of stealing  20k from Walmart 
reasons why I can't go shopping by myself went into Walmart for a  3 pack of bagels come out with  97 worth of shit
 MikachiziArt I mean, these fish are super sick. If someone bought a fish from Walmart and added it, their whole tank would be dead by now
Police Seek To ID, Thank  GoodSamaritans Who Stopped A Purse Thief At  NewJersey Walmart.  AnitaOh Reports:… 
Walmart stay packed 🙄
LOL just about got kicked aout of walmart XD
Use caution in the shopping center across the street from the southside Walmart car ran into the side of the building leaving behind debris.
 Fantaasiiaa oh okay yeah I had the same problem. You can get like a random one at Walmart, it should say compatible with Roku on the front
 VicenteFoxQue what if Canada & Mexico implemented tax to US companies operating in our countries. Walmart, best buy taxed at trumps rate.
Butch fuck u your ass white and your bitch fucking a black dude. Go witness white genocide at your local Walmart. 
Take a look at an Upstate woman's reaction to the bare shelves in the bread aisle at Walmart.… 
I know Walmart is about to be packed 🙄
The phantom that's at the Walmart. — ... 
Remote control switches can make your home more accessible!  home  access
Another poor angel died :'( Walmart shouldn't be allowed to sell fish. Two in 24 hours? I can't imagine a whole tank...  fuckwalmart
They was keepin her behind the fish at Walmart 
 SmallBusiness: Visa-Wal-Mart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB 
 TheJuanWilliams cmon Juan your worried about baggage claim area not being secure. There are more people at your local mall or walmart
GlobeSmallBiz: Visa-Wal-Mart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB 
wirelesscityca: Visa-Wal-Mart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB 
 rachaelludtke  BrittanyDuba I hear there is an even cheaper cup sold at Walmart that keeps your drink cooler longer than YETI
Or Canadian Tire or Walmart or Lowes etc 
Right now there's someone standing at the bread shelf at Walmart,doesn't know it's going to snow, he just wants a samich & there's NO BREAD!
terrible corporation, no customer service, lies lies lies  Walmart
Omfg I saw a Safety Patrol at walmart , only Chalkley kids remember that!
 Retweet  HorseGrooming  Horsemens Pride Ascot Horse Grooming Supply 
Walmart is literally crazy right now. The general public is a bunch of morons.
Walmart buys Zappos competitor ShoeBuy for  70M to help battle Amazon in online apparel 
went to Walmart for some gum, left with  200 of makeup and face masks. Forgot the gum.😂
the hibachi chef asked maddie if she got her laugh at walmart HAHA
Just did all my Walmart grocery shopping online and will pick it up tomorrow....hopefully this goes as easily as it was to shop online lol
 Walmart interesting how you can't salt your parking lots or walkways when you SELL ANTI-ICE SALT AT YOUR STORE 👿
 thoughtsandprayers now sold exclusively  Walmart
Need to go to Walmart for food but I ain't about going out in this
Duck Brand Air Conditioner Insulating Seal  [ Save 86% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
Another awesome fan who is obviously a collector judging from the collection behind him. Thank you for purchasing P… 
 Stevenwhirsch99 that guy serving you food at mcdonalds burger King and Walmart is Muslim you stupid dumbfuck
 graysonnrose yes!!! i've seen it before but i have no idea where to get it. maybe try walmart or pet smart??
 Keelectric_Lady I almost died driving in that trying to go to Walmart cause all I had was water & salad dressing 😭
gotta go to walmart soon
 ericksirnacho Everywhere from Target to Amazon to Walmart are sold out.
Chanel vs walmart 
Diggin' This Untitld & Milano - Walmart by  LostDogzCo on  SoundCloud
😭😭 ppl in Ga do to much man Walmart look half empty half of the good food gone 😂
i actually really love walmart shirts bc they're cheap and comfy
I'm at Walmart in Wyoming, MI 
What did Walmart ever do to you?? 
myAppliances->Petite Upper East Side studio comes with a small price tag - Curbed NY… 
super duper quick run to walmart. let's see how long a two minute drive takes me in this sleet
Visa-Walmart Deal Could Mean Higher Fees for Smaller Merchants: CFIB 
Try these  belvitabreakfast Biscuits from  walmart>>  ad 
PSA: Walmart is out of bread.  NCStandards 
 eSDz I was at Walmart at 6:30! Lmaoooo
Wanna shoot the 30 with the customer service lady at Walmart
 callmeG_4 or panics and clears the bread shelf at walmart...lol
I need to go to Walmart and get some eye drops...
Hunter just went into Walmart wearing flip flops and a short sleeve shirt........
New Review: Walmart. Interesting folks there. Welcoming. Low prices. Can't beat it. Recommend.
I liked a  YouTube video Gunman Ambushes Police Officers Inside Walmart
 terrinjosb35  chelseahandler see, to you, racist hillbillies are great people. If anyone wanted to reach 'u' they know how to find walmart
it's so cold in Walmart
NEW  Walmart Class Action Lawsuit! - Better Read This!! -  ClassAction 
Etcbuys Unisex Multi-Purpose Winter Mask for  7 + pickup at Walmart 
Some guy at Walmart today asked me to smell his baby
Lights snow that is starting to freeze so I bailed on work. Now getting essentials at the neighborhood Walmart and it's kinda cray.
 sesesasaeng more like Kmart vs. Walmart tbqfh
Hey cool, you can buy a hot rod Jeep crate engine from Walmart now 
Walmart ready be dumb packed
Curry we out to the px or Walmart when I get off. gotta pick up some   
dear walmart customers , 
the deli isn't bakery
the deli isn't bakery
the deli isn't bakery
the deli isn't bakery 
the deli isn't bakery
The guy in line behind me at Walmart is buying tampons and chocolate 😭 where do I get one of these guys??
I also bought Walmart out of chicken pot pie.
The man accused of killing a UPS driver in the Ithaca Wal-Mart parking lot appeared in Tompkins County Court Friday… 
Visa-Wal-Mart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB - via 
Walmart is ridiculous. Like sit down it's not that serious 🙄
The food that someone puts in their buggy at Walmart on snow days explains a lot about that person.
Ppl really in Walmart shopping like we all about to go into hibernation. Like chill tf out.
Check out NEW FUNKO POP VINYL 3 PACK WALMART EXCLUSIVE GHOSTBUSTERS GATE KEEPER ZUUL KEY!  FUNKO via  eBay
Daddy, let's go back to Walmart, now GET OUTTA MY CORN FIELD!  StuffNileSays
Walmart is terrible.
I have better wifi at Walmart than I do in my own place ATM. I can't wait until Tuesday actually holy shit.
Chris brown was in Harbor view Walmart
I love Walmart 🙂
A little civility can get you a long way in an overcrowded Walmart parking lot.
Too bad there are mostly just douchecanoes.
Wind blown hair 
Jeans tucked into the uggs 
Chapstick in hand 

Off to Walmart I go ho ho
I'm like a strong 86% sure I saw him at the howell mill road Walmart in atl today... 
Oh look.  Walmart all talk, no action  TeamVisa 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
The Pax 2 — for when you gotta get some shit from WalMart, but just ... 'can't anymore'. 
Somebody wanna tell me where the fuck you find guacamole in Walmart 😭😭😭😭
Walmart to use  Blockchain to trace pork in China blockchain and agriculture go together like peas and carrots
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB 
 MichaelPHuber If you can, head to Canada haha. Every Bestbuy/Walmart I've been to in the last month has had at least 3 or 4 in stock
 Valentines  Gifts 2010 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake  TeddyBear White Girl 20" Hot Pink Cothes NWT… 
Walmart's Just Acquired a Boston Ecommerce Pioneer for  70M 
Little kid in the toy section at Walmart yelling "what about this" over and over but it sounds exactly like "what about dick" 😂😂  igottago
i need to go get jaquita need to go to Walmart
I've seen this truck parked   Walmart asking for gas money for the past two weeks wth??????
Why is it that every time I walk out of Walmart I remember an item I forgot to get!?
When you pass ya boy at Walmart but the lines are long af 
 fendik8er  Walmart yeah youll be fine😉
 rustedanthem Please speak with an associate to see when more shirts will be available. -Ami
Quite the hefty lawsuit against  amazon  Walmart & more retailers from  OfficialRunDMC 
Some of my fav fans are going to  Walmart to get their copies of Plan 9!! I'm so happy to see this. Thank you💋💋… 
Most people went to Walmart to get milk and bread before they get snowed in, I went to get wine 🍷
Yo.... ALL the milk is gone in Walmart hahahaha. Like all!!! I walked by it crying laughing. Luckily for me I only need juice and apples.
Living 2017 on the wild side, today I used the muncie Walmart bathroom
Y a little girl walked up to Haley an I in the middle of Walmart and took a picture of us is beyond me
Like I could have been went to Walmart if I knew she was gonna do this extra
 Walmart it wouldn't help or do anything
i go to walmart for the experience
Only in Arkansas will a teenage boy cat-call you in the local Walmart by blowing a duck call at you 😂😂
 "The Redemption of Lady Georgiana" -beautiful print version. Now available online at Walma… 
 knewbetternick Which on is Walmart
Everyone at Walmart is getting milk and bread except for the couple in front of me. They're getting condoms and eye drops. Iconic.
This Walmart 
 auika8 Have you been able to bring your suggestions and feedback to the attention of store management so we can work to improve? -Ami
All you shoppers heading to  Walmart you might wanna put 2 pairs of your PJs on today before going, it's really cold outside.
 FranchiseOK  Colby_Daniels  AllmericanMayes  CaraRice107 
Did Sam just say Walmart has Sluts ready 
 MMMRanch
I don't know what's worse, Walmart before a snowstorm or Walmart on Black Friday 😂
I need to go to Walmart all I need is some fruit and a couple juices I don't care about all that other stuff
I lost my mom at walmart 😓
Stansport Cast Iron Cooking Tripod for  17 + pickup at Walmart - 
Boost Mobile's  50 Unlimited plan continues to shake up the competition. Get it today at Walmart, Target & Best Buy… 
I'm sick so no daddy cake for phoebe.  She'll have to settle for Walmart 
 nataliefaustine  SenBillNelson My "mental case" ass will fight him in any Walmart parking lot
Win a  500 Walmart  GiftCard!  Giveaway  Contest 
it's 16 degrees outside and people are still coming in Walmart with shorts and flip flops on 🙄
 Walmart you should really do something about your website being wrong all the freaking time as to what you have in stock at stores 😤😡
Walmart gonna be open, Ima get my bottle of wine lata. Feeling lazy. Lol
normal people go to walmart for bread and milk when it snows and i stocked up on beer and wine :/
 ValerieJanicee ugh just go to Walmart duh
Ok I am seriously SO confused. I got a package from Walmart and inside is a Bernie Sanders Chia.....who's fucking with me lol 🤔
Yo Walmart is depleted rn😹😹
THIS Walmart is ratchet bruh I'm crying 
I just saw 2 people get arrested for shop lifting at Walmart.. that was the funniest thing to happen in 2017 so far
My Walmart McDonalds 😆😆😆 
And cuts his hair at Walmart fantastic sams 
imagine working really hard on a movie and it ends up in a 4 pack at the bottom of a walmart bin
Don't ever call  Walmart for anything! Worst service ever!
Walmart run with my baes.
Sat Jan 7th: RDU shuttle service is cancelled, 303 Blue and 307 Walmart are cancelled, 850 pirate ride is cancelled along with SafeRide.
Dumbass Vandals from Walmart
 Fritolay how about restocking rold gold tiny twist cheddar   walmart paris, tn. with all the shelfspace you have, a couple inches aint much
Too bad Walmart won't be seeing me tomorrow 🤣
Niggas at Old Nat Walmart goin crazy lol..
 Walmart I gave feedback as you requested, Nici. The feedback form asked for email. Haven't heard back.
Just got to Fiesta or Walmart. Im pretty sure they have them there. 
Happy birthday to the fucking Walmart god my fucking boy my fucking love  supremecoolguy ❤️
Lmfaooo not all Walmart are built the same smh 
Great For Your Little One! 
PSA: 5 o clock on a Friday is NOT the right time to go to WalMart
My day was going good till I dropped all my popcorn chicken at Walmart 😭😫
When you walk into the Walmart it's the first isle dumbass don't play with me like that 
New year, new you!  Walmart encourages you to purge your life of negative influences with these lovely body-sized c… 
Walmart didn't have any bread 🙄
Camillus Titanium Bone Saw with Sheath for  7 + pickup at Walmart

Also, victim was killed sometime after midnight. Had worked her shift at Walmart during Thanksgiving day evening.
 katielbotner WALMART!!!
Walmart ordered a Collector's Animal Crossing amiibo at their house
Walmart is playing journey's "who's crying now " and I've never felt more at home at a Walmart before
If you want to know what "a boot stomping on a human face - forever" looks and feels like, check out your local Walmart.
Every checkout line at Walmart is open and being used, this snowstorm IS GOING TO KILL US ALL
 Walmart I think my local greeter gives me a bigger wave and a heartier greeting because I am so nice to him.
 DJ_Leverage that Walmart life😂
PSA: fifths of Absolute Vodka are  10 at Walmart
 ElJuanpaZurita Channel vs Walmart 
 SgtDustoffRVN: or does buying an item at  Walmart that was made in  China make me a  Communist? 
 msenese Apple was probably happy with its year to year gain. Walmart not so much.
South Carolina  Woman’s reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral 
Walmart Security Camera Footage 
Rumor has it the Devil modeled Hell after the Walmart Customer Service Center.
Car runs into a building across from the Southside Walmart in Dothan. There were no injuries. 
Walmart ' such a good place😂 
i'm so walmart
 spyguy8080  MadisonSClark In America Anis Amri had bought a gun in Walmart and killed more people!
And he cuts his own hair using a bowl he bought from Walmart and a pair of safety scissors. 
Gross. I wanted Epic to drop them so that they would no longer get cheap, Walmart tracks. I hope they get to pick better songs.
..... hunting for Walmart hoes 
 MichaelPHuber i just saw one at a local Walmart last night. :/
 davidmwessel yup, lots of Walmart jobs should result in lots of satisfied employees.
Come to Maryland Express Tag Title inside Bowie or Clinton Walmart .for your MVA needs
Thinking about going to the Walmart on West Franklin? Don't. Christmas rush size crowd all panicking because it might snow. Hunger Games.
 DPrawatyotin  placardabuse it happens all over NYC.  Buy a construction vest at Walmart and you can park anywhere, illegally
Walmart has like 1 or 2 cases for an iPhone 6plus, they act like nobody has that kind of phone anymore
everybody running around walmart like it's about to snow for a week😂😂😂
"Chex" us out at our Walmart w/ Budweiser appearance 😏😂 We can't wait to meet you!  TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker… 
I just used Punchcard at walmart neighborhood market, and won 20 Points! WOO HOO!!
Forget there not being bread or milk at Walmart. There's about twice as much as there are buggies 😒😒😒
And I was just in Walmart for 2.5 hours. What the hell.
Do your little ones need new jammies?  These Boys’ Licensed Cotton Tight Fit Pajama Sleepwear Sets are each just... 
Hey  mixerhatestwita look at what I saw at Walmart 
 DrJillStein Don't give up. These haters are tweeting vitriol from their part time gig at Walmart or Mom's basement.
 pxnkboy de Walmart
And maybe all guns that travel through the airports should do so without bullets. I'm sure hunters' can find a Walmart after they arrive...
Walmart ~ Boys' Licensed Cotton Tight Fit Pajama Sleepwear Sets Only  5 (reg.  12.98) - 
Walmart OD packed
Although I've never had the privilege of raising the Canadian Flag...I'm sure that it shouldn't look like this.… 
 HelenHunt Does it sell at WalMart?
But honestly, the people who tell you to have a good weekend at  Walmart deserve a raise.
i need ALL the giant stuffed animals from walmart
 Walmart  Tazo Tea just  2.28 w Printable  Coupon! 
the man in front of me at walmart was buying pantiliners and condoms and i'm like. enjoy your snow day, my guy.
Pretty sure I've done more than 10 laps around Walmart waiting for my car to get an oil change 🙃
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB /via  globeandmail  CdnPress_Biz
Haven't left the house in five days. Walmart, here I come!! 😂😂
 Mill_1_ionDream Believe me. You don't wanna live here in Guam. They don't even have a Walmart. Just Kmart:(
 MaddieR_Brown Saw you a bit ago in Walmart in Wyoming  notacreeper  promise sorry if I did creep out you & Caleb. You look good  congrats
Snowpocalypse 2k17 update Walmart is crazy with the hole 2 inches we're suppose to get
Walmart and Farmers Market complete.. not stop, ABC store , then the crib 😍
I hate everything about the Lihue  Walmart! It's dirty, never stocked, crowded and overall always a terrible experience.  weneedatarget
This was  Walmart last night in OKC!! It actually snowed this time!! 
 luisitoreymago faded de alan Walmart
Shout out to the creepy guy that hit on me in Walmart, if you were attempting to make me uncomfortable you succeeded.
Is this what the bread aisles look like in your hometown? (Photos from Woodstock Foodland, Hoover Publix and Oneont… 
I hope you all got your bread because walmart sure doesn't have it.  Atlanta 
Spoken like a true Walmart employee 
My dad just whacked me with a light saber in the middle of Walmart and said "I am your father"  OkGil
 CieraMone_ haven't been poppin since we was at walmart and I bought that CD lol
 SSSTruth You missed my concession...ok I give. Just difficult to imagine Barack and Michele shopping at Walmart. Was it cash or credit?
 bbybunnny if a little girl came into Walmart wearing jeans and a boys tshirt or flannel, no one would bat an eye. But god forbid a little
My apple smells and tastes slightly vodka-y and I had nothing do with it. Is Walmart spiking their fruit again?
Just another reminder to how dumb people are.   Walmart Houghton 
 stardustersos what kinda walmart safety rules??? I get felt up every time for wearing a burqa and folks can just """declare""" a weapon?
PSA‼️ Valentine's Day is coming up and giant stuffed animals are only  30 at Walmart!!! Get ur boo something nice a… 
 Karina4784 I have an hour and a half wait in Walmart for the new battery 🙂
Walmart: LEGO Bricks & More Valentines Cupid Dog Building Kit Only  9.99 
This snow coming tonight has the city going crazy! People are really buying up everything in Walmart!
 xAviva We are sorry to hear about the service you experienced. Can you please tell us if you have shared this w/ store management? -Ami
Food lion and Walmart are boomin
Going to go to Walmart with my sisters
They ran out of chicken and hamburger in the Oxford Walmart 😂😂
im going to the walmart in donna rn so if i see anyone i went to school with just know im gonna ignore you
 DaveHTO  CdnPress NoFrills has already banned VISA use in their stores. is walmart next?
Nah he just copped at Walmart. 
I liked a  YouTube video from  wweonyoutube Get the WWE Network Prepaid Card - Available at 7-Eleven, Walmart
I went back to the Villa Rica Walmart and this is the only shelf I've found empty, the bread shelves were quickly r… 
Walmart needs to have a talk with there rude ass employees 💀
This woman's reaction to the bread being gone at the grocery store goes viral (Tribune Media…  UnitedNewsofUSA
 BradChaseXXX  DeptofDefense you should just get rid of the guns maybe not sell them with bread and milk in Walmart?
 Walmart how you gonna have just ONE Danzig shirt....... Not my size of course
 _mimispring_ If you would like to see certain products in our stores, you can make a request with store management. -Ami
Creating Training Class for Selling Online, Amazon, Ebay, Walmart & more. Real business strategy not drop shipper repeats.
I just need the ABC store and Walmart to still be open when I get back 😂
my mama at walmart buying us snacks and stuff for this weather😂🙂
 Walmart thank you thank you
 lovemefalcons  WhoDat_JoniO  briangantt1 Joni sent Walmart my photo I'm not allowed to purchase their bakery products.
 Hofinator10  BoeingBIP_God  Fries_Please  ZSomji16  Texan765  AriHaydee and Walmart creatine and protein powder!
Our inclement weather policy is: If Walmart's open, we're open. Who tf is gonna think a vape shop is open in the snow....
 Im_0n1 Walmart
 Walmart I just have to say,not only did they resolve my issue by giving my MnL a replacement gift card they did it within 24hrs!thank you
 A_Purifoy1 no Walmart
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart 
I'm at Walmart Supercentre in Fort Erie, ON 
 darlene_160 We are glad to hear you were able to get some assistance. Thanks for letting us know! -Ami
Walmart Canada and Visa declare truce in dispute over credit card fees READ: 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Walmart Fishing challenge - crazy fish bait! - Catfish Bait Challenge!
 bloom1123 They're still at Walmart, Meijer, Family Dollar, Dollar General, and on Amazon: 
When a random lady at Walmart compliments your makeup:')
Also still uses a plastic bowl from Walmart to put atop his head while cutting his hair 
 Jump6man yo boy just applied for Walmart lol
 PRT  CleanWater  2 x White Green Faucet Water Tap Filter Purifier for Home 
I than brought bout 10 carmexs since I been working at Walmart . 🙄
Hope no customers come in Walmart rude today , cause I'm already mad I had to come in this weather
 NacGrips  Walmart
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB: The head of the Canadian ..  smallbusiness 
Shouts to  WalMart for selling  MylarCloneTents on the Low Low! Something I never thought Id… 
 imDylzi Nice, in my Walmart they also have Paranoid and Blizzard of Ozz I'm gonna get one of them
My local  Walmart has a gallon of milk for  0.90... Like wtf is this, the '60s?!?
 mark_breen Walmart. I'll have to track the story down, but read something about it recently.
Bruh I bought sum cheap ass wine for  2.88   Walmart, this shit better be good
‼️warning‼️: dont go to walmart its so packed and you see everyone
Incidentally, the Southport Walmart is also out of hamburger meat. 🤔
Really don't feel like goin to Walmart but I realllly need to
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Largo, FL 
I blow that shit in Walmart only on cleaning supplies. 
You don't know madness like grocery shopping at Walmart the night before a big snowstorm
Walmart don't gotta be this packed like the world not ending y'all
So, because I'm smart, I put off my regular grocery trip until today. This is the bread aisle and milk fridge at th… 
Sitting in a Walmart parking lot debating whether to actually go in this place is Hell 😩
 planetaryAOTP it took me a minute to get used to walking into Walmart and seeing guns for sale. I'm still w/NYC mentality lol.
I liked a  YouTube video from  saywhut006 5 for  5 Friday - Walmart - Turkey & Cabbage Soup
"Rich" couple make fun of  poor family in line at  Walmart
 bigots 
 Bravofosterparents 
  walmart  foster moms
You know it's a storm coming when Walmart has every line open !!!
This lil boy in Walmart having a whole conversation with me in Spanish 🤔😂
I just stress ate a bunch of cheetos and now I'm walking around Walmart covered in cheeto dust
(Canadian Business): Visa Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants:  CFIB : TORONTO _ The.. 
totally pulled an  itsbl0ndie and went into walmart with my slippers and knee high socks 😂
Go kicked out of Walmart 😂
I liked a  YouTube video WWE Then Now Forever Brock Lesnar Walmart Exclusive BOX BREAK & Value Packs OPENED!!
Walmart – Free Grocery Pick-Up Now Available In St. Louis +  10 Off 
 LeslieRVertiz Are you gonna celebrate after leaving Walmart? :)
There's a lady legit chasing her kid around the Walmart parking lot with a belt and he's sticking his tongue out at her.  RIP
Now I wish I would have bought that feet massager/warmer that Walmart had out for Xmas
go get some shit at Walmart
Bitches be like I ran into him at walmart it was fate ✋️ bitch it's Walmart dnt base yo life ✌️
Walmart employee sucks my dick 
Walked into a Walmart in Atlanta with my Grizz hoodie on and was immediately greeted with a "GO GRIZZLIES!" from a stranger.  GrindCity
South Carolina woman's reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral 
For real considering one of these for Marvel Cinematic Sundays 

I'm Gucci and you're just Walmart
Walmart don't ever have any lines open 🙄
A little snow in the forecast and the entire Virginia Beach is shutting down, Walmart is a mad house right now.
Only I...would wait until the last minute to go to Walmart. Out of allllll places. 🙂
 CoolDotCom meanwhile my walmart the kids always make the dinosaurs having sex.
Walmart to lift ban on VISA ...I saw that coming lol
 qksalmon We are dedicated to ensuring live fish are treated humanely. Please share details here: -Ami
Casually running into papa Salvatore by himself at Walmart w April 😂
 Maleandproud but it's on 14 acres so it's all good, right?  Back to my shopping now. Walmart rocks.
did they stop selling furikake at walmart!?! 😣😣 i cannot find it in the Asian isle
 MissDanicaLee doubt it because if I get this job at Walmart I work in the morning. I get off at 3pm est.
Why does Walmart have such a long ass application
 Walmart honestly i haven't,  not a "single"  elsieborden product in store! Are u guys fighting like  dishnetwork and  CBSTweet?? -Michael
 imDylzi Ikr I just got it at Walmart didn't think they'd have it
I literally came home from Walmart and made another Walmart list for all the things I forgot to get
You can now find Lil' Sidekick in select Walmart stores! Now that's a reason to celebrate! Which color(s) will... 
It's 10 degrees outside and some guy just walked into Walmart in shorts and a t shirt. Wtf
 supacop2 don't try to go to Walmart for that.liberals line up around the building to purchase..after that going to Brooklyn to buy a bridge
  the nail salon&since they won't match prices to a diff salon this chick gettin heated. Like... this ain't Walmart..lol tf 😂
 Walmart That's your job. Not mine. I'm bringing it to your attention here. Do you not care enough to fix the issue? Just say so?
I liked a  YouTube video from  tabithasthrift Target & Walmart Beauty Clearance Haul!
I liked a  YouTube video from  derpyslurpyy TELLING A PROSTITUTE TO STICK IT IN ME!, ASKING WALMART FOR SCARCE
walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Newcastle, OK 
asked this dude at walmart who just so happened to be buying only bread & cat litter if he was a member of the he-man woman haters club
 drewwbugnaa wanna take a Walmart trip?
Why tf everyone at Walmart rn
Just letting y'all know that the Auntie Anne's in Walmart is now open 😻😻
walmart is playing Heaven Is A Place on Earth, from the gay episode of black mirror. true allies
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Mishawaka, IN 
South Carolina woman’s reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral  CW39 
 Matchboxx2010 Please bring your feedback to the attention of management. -Ami
 BlissTabitha   When I walk through Sears' stores they often look deserted.  Walmart put them out of business in so many places.
The last time there were this many cops at this Walmart, they found a meth lab....hmm
 JohnOberg  Walmart To do that to an animal requires one be either a psychopath or a sociopath.
I'm bored I'm about to go Pussy hunting in the Walmart
 MichaelGoku You're welcome! -Ami
 AustinMyers22 Walmart strives to get the best out of their employees
GE 43W Energy-Efficient Decorative Regular Base Clear Bulb, 2-Pack, 60W Equivalent  [ Save 87% ]  Walmart 
 Walmart it has, and the only option is for employees to stay in a hotel
Have you tried  belVita  Grab-and-Go Biscuits? You can just grab them and go in great flavors  belVitaWalmart  ad  
Me caring a car seat for Makenna out of Walmart
Walmart working that is like 6'4: is that for you?
Me angrely:yeah...
My gf: hahahahah
😠😠
 MrMonValley You're welcome! -Ami
 JohnOberg  Team4Nature300  Walmart bit of BBQ source and who knows
Walmart, Visa declare truce over credit card fees | Toronto Star 
 PhoenixLostFound FOUND Small Brown Dog (Mesa): Small brown dog found at Walmart on Horne & McKellips. Must provide… 
And gets his haircut at Walmart 
Someone bring me a blunt and I'll give you a  20 gift card to walmart
If you want 1000   walmart  giftcard just click follow this steps 
 CheechNdChong That will need to be brought up with the store management. -Ami
Ahaha Gun oil is brand of choice.

Alabama Walmart Mistakenly Stocks Gun Counter With "Gun Oil" Lube via  NewNowNext
just got yelled at for riding a kryptonic torpedo in walmart :(((
 JohnOberg  Team4Nature300  Walmart  The only things on this planet that need to be in cages are those who abuse animals
Walmart is RIDICULOUS 😒
Me: I hate Walmart
 NaifSpears : I hate Walmart too
Me: 
I found a crate of poop in Walmart. 
boycott  walmart  asda  cagedhens  AnimalCruelty 
 NealeAsstastic Walmart!
Grabs ShoeBuy for  70M as Walmart Expands E-Commerce Arsenal 
Bread, eggs, and milk are nonexistent in every Walmart in Norfolk right now. Everyone is freaking out over this blizzard that's happening
 StacyGBell I agree with that, but Walmart? Kmart? Sears? Macy's? Toy's R Us? You really do not see my point do you
 ZooExorcist Your Walmart has the Voltron toys. I spent 20 minutes looking for those damn things
Racked up in Walmart and dollar tree
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB  Globe  Mail  news
Point in case, someone almost hit me when I was coming back after going to Walmart.

Fucking Walmart of all things- I had the right-away too
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist ALDI / WALMART HAUL: JANUARY 2017
Walmart is literally a zoo
So the NES Classics are still shipping, it would seem. I went to go buy noodle cups at Walmart. They got in 1, it w… 
 ActualFlatticus I can't find any information regarding the nation saying that  igorvolsky is being paid by Walmart. Care to send a link?
Walmart employees notice poor mom's "baby wagon," buy her a stroller to use instead 
 Walmart employees aren't allowed to go home even though there's a winter storm warning
I've been off work for an hour and a half and I'm already at Walmart for the second time
WQAD: South Carolina woman’s reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle 
Walmart never prepared for weather emergencies lol
Lace wheel BMW M4 by  hotwheelsofficial.  Seems to be Target where this is found, and Walmart for the MC5 vari... 
I bought hella groceries at Walmart lol snowed in with food and Netflix all I need
Lace wheel BMW M4 by  hot_wheels.  Seems to be Target where this is found, and Walmart for the… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bozeman, MT 
I refuse to go into Walmart
Check out this cute Valentine's Day gift you can grab for under  10!... 
myAppliances->Why the Instant Pot is great for a snowy weekend (plus recipes) - Mother…… 
People watching at Walmart never disappoints
Also Walmart had half a dozen glazed doughnuts for  1 but I was gonna cry in the store so I just bought my soap and left
 marvin25___ Walmart
 FRANNIEQUEEN Please reach out to for further help. -Ami
I went into Walmart and tried my hardest to find  ZooExorcist. Then I remembered I was in Georgia.
 GwenevieveXXX check walmart! I got one for  3 on clearance there, maybe yours have them too
Walmart is just the worst  cruzin
Went to a Walmart in Birmingham, AL the other day.  The manager told me that bananas and beer are also two hot comm… 
i have been wanting these on bluray for YEARS now and finally got a good deal. only  15 on 
 DebbieTutton  Keith_As_Usual  Titanic_Britain  Girl in Walmart had to use one to divide  1.48 by 2.  Jeez....
LOL   people freaking out about 5" of snow. People are legit running around Walmart with their shopping carts getting food. 😂
Be sure to check out the  Belvita event happening at your local  Walmart this weekend! Find a store here > 
As much as I don't want to go to Walmart when I get off, I know that I should.
That moment when you realize that Walmart, Taco Bell, and the movie theater are all within a mile of you 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
There, much better.  Walmart 
 Walmart H street in Washington, D.C. Doesn't honor the price match policy.
 CheechNdChong Can you share more details on the issue you're experiencing? -Ami
 E_Wilyums_Junya Walmart but mine from target
 Walmart What exactly is the point of the fancy pickup check in system if the employees ignore it?
Etcbuys Unisex Multi-Purpose Winter Mask for  7 + pickup at Walmart

Business at Walmart ik going to be slow tomorrlw. :(
 Walmart thank you
I'm at Walmart in New Minas, Nova Scotia, Canada 
 jillgilardi  WBRCnews  jpdice_Fox6 And the Lakeshore Walmart😑
 MrsInTX which has everything haha this town only has a Walmart which is so weird for us😂we're used to big crowds and traffic
Almost complete. Missing taker and warrior. Walmart Homewood, IL

 TOYSPOTTING  WWETNAfigures 
Okay ppl in Walmart: it's snowing for one day, not one week. Move out of my way and let me get my deodorant before I smack the shit out of u
It depends you go to Walmart an get your clothes an dress well that's no excuse 
4-5 inches? walmart gettin a call in in the morning
Little Washington Walmart is no joke, you guys are really wildin over this weather coming 😑
 MrMonValley We do apologize. Please contact 1-866-224-1663 for assistance. -Ami
You must've really screwed up in life if your job is to stand in the electronic department at Walmart and pester people all day
What goes through the mind of people at Walmart 😂😂  WorIdStarComedy  ViralViralVideo 
 SymaChowdhry  wxyzdetroit lots of childhood memories there, much different customer there than in a  Walmart !
Going in Walmart looking a hot damn mess 😷
Lemme brave the storm and Walmart & go grocery shopping
HTx courts: Hockley man accused of beating man to death with a motorcycle helmet in Walmart  HouNews
Really hate going to Walmart every week and spending  40. And I always leave with 1 bag. Maybe 2
I slipped so fucking hard walking outta Walmart & then got finessed for all the change in my purse 😂
 ccbloodworth we get it at WalMart
 AMOakabrabbit they aren't meant to, but there's few people out in bumblefuck, USA where they aren't taught skills and Walmart is a career
 devincliver Yeah, just got to Walmart so I can pick up some things before I go home.
There's this dude at Walmart trying to get donation for his mixtape and this is the second time I ran into him
Get a  TexansCheer poster signed by  HTC_NatalieY & I   Walmart in Post Oak!🎉🖊
We're so excited 2 meet our fans… 
Walmart reaches employees worldwide through Facebook Live via 
 Debster234  KamVTV  igorvolsky I agree that determination will bypass the law. But why make it as easy as going to WalMart?
If there is ever a testament to both my depravity and God's work of sanctification in my life it's the checkout lines in Walmart.  patience
Found the final stash of Christmas candy at Walmart. 4 XL bags of take 5 for  1.22 each.  petty_marshall
Why am I at Walmart and hear someone screaming my name, but I see no one? What. 😓
 devincliver I want pictures so I can read it! I just got to Walmart. Picking up some things.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in National City, CA 
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift   250 Walmart gift card (free shipping with tracking)  GiftCards  Gifts 
 Wmmontanez  GasMonkeyGarage  Hot_Wheels should be at Walmart, Kroger, Target, and Kmart soon!!!
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 AntonLemisroi  mmpadellan All seeds are cheap. Growing isn't. Those trees, shrubs and flowers Walmart and Lowes sell also thnx to migrants.
 lovemefalcons  WhoDat_JoniO  briangantt1 You havent gotten any sweets from Joni? Joni is my supplier. Don't ever GO to the Walmart Bakery.
NEVER WILL I EVER GO TO THE WALMART IN PV EVER AGAIN
Walmart gmfu
 prettyLe_ Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️
I need to go to Walmart. Someone take me plz
Complains loudly w/my gf  AmandaMThomas2 in walmart about how badly we want  RogueOne sheets guy walked by and looked like he could relate.
Alberto VO5 Herbal Escapes 3-Pack for  2 + pickup at Walmart - 
Benefits to having a Walmart market less than 5 minutes away. Fresh healthy food 
 Lautncr I know! I haven't read it yet, just left Walmart.
I'd rather go to  target fuck a  walmart
 _Suggz_ and I cant even go to walmart in peace without niggas coming to us . 😂😂😭😭
Trader Joe's cashier: hey how's it goin how's your dog i love what you've done with your hair 
Walmart cashier: you wanna buy a bag
Cialis Dose & Cialis Daily & Generic Cialis Walmart & Canada Cialis & Cialis Coupon & Cialis 10 Mg 
I guess Walmart is out of milk and bread,  just when  I want a pb&j to eat during this "snow storm".

 Alabamaweather
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Claremont, NH 
In the end, you just have to decide whether to laugh or cry about it. 
My voice will be heard I will not be denied like bad credit at Walmart  TheLapsedFan I'm the Chris Hero you need.  TJDeSantis will hear us
 chrizblizz  Holy Moly!!! I wear a undershirt and boxers when I sleep.  I'll try wearing them to Walmart this weekend.
 Walmart I never received my egift card email for the  17 I saved on savings catcher. How do I go about getting it resent?
Here we are two weeks after Christmas and I'm still getting gifts late thanks walmart your the best NOT
Walmart lines are OD right now
 Target you guys are wayyyy better than Walmart (totally not kissing up so I can get a job later or anything)
Walmart is dumb packed
Walmart: Polaroid PIC-300 Instant Film Analog Camera  69.99 Shipped (Save  80)  selfie… 
Guess I'll go to Walmart
It's 16 fucking degrees outside with a negative windchill and homeboy at Walmart is wearing shorts and flipflops...
. WalmartCareers people in Mexico deserve equal food & animal welfare standards!  Walmart  WalmartDoubleStandards
Seeing my nephew all cute sometimes makes me want a baby..

Then I go to Walmart.
ALL BETTER 😂😂😆😆😆😆
Purchasing tamarind pods at Walmart in Ooltewah, TN:

Clerk-"what are those and how do you eat'um?"
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB: By The Canadian Press TORONTO — The head of… 
Sitting in Walmart parling lot counting the folks slipping. Good times, good times.
Meh, I don't talk here as much as i should. So much crap i could unload here, what my thoughts are going through as i walk through Walmart.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart',,,,


I love walking around Walmart for half hour to wait for my prescription🙄🙃
They sell this at walmart for 2 bucks 
 supacop2 🚨🚨🚨FDC has approved a new drug that will make you instantly attractive. Coming to a Walmart near you. *mo… 
my stomach says "Yes", but my Nintendo obsession says "No." 
I'll just contact my local Walmart to see if they'll stock it this season. sigh
I got hired from Walmart btw
 KirkWrites79 this is why I don't go to the market, or walmart, the beginning of the month.
PSA you can get this at Walmart for  1.30 
Soon as I walked in Walmart dude looked at my Retros and was like "them bitches tough" 😂
When you go shopping at target rather than Walmart and spend all your money. When you could've saved a lot with his discount card.
 kristen_is  Forbes Alas, I have no fireplace. Here's an old  nytimes story on Pop Tarts and storms. 
My mom just came home with half of Walmart in her grocery bags
 BlizzardCS time to stop buying servers and routers at walmart
sometimes walmart is a p surreal place like they got some nice n funky 70s music n some old guy complimented my hair n make up whats goin on
Walmart parking lot is ridiculous
The chick in Walmart about to catch a fade.
psst!  walmart have any of u looked at your  DEBT lately? 1 never knows when it comes to wild hairs and that little lady at  federalreserve.
I went to Walmart and the dumb bitch forgot to give me my last bag 😐😐😐😐😐😐😐 I'm so mad
This is the best walmart cake ever. 
Who needs Frosted Flakes when you got Walmart brand Frosted Corn Flakes.  NotSorry  FrostedFlakes
 ClutchMilroy You know wot they say: If you go to Walmart at 3am & can't find the weird person...
Asked my friends what to get them at Walmart bc we need snacks for the blizzard & someone said baby carrots I think I'm a lil mad
Newsnes classic edition walmart gamestop target  TechNews  Tech  News  Gadget  Apps 
(1)  checking out the fit making sure everything works money why they mean is did g_m aside walmart data from your side thursday morning in
I was in Walmart playing with him 😂 why everybody panicking trying to shop
Why can't I just shit in peace. God I hate Walmart
 Forever__cole good shit, Walmart?
How To Get Away With Murder: The Complete Second Season - 
 BDavv go to Walmart or the several banks we have 🙄
please someone buy me a huge teddy bear there's only two left at walmart
Just witnessed two ladies fighting over bread at Walmart  snowpocalypse
Purina Dog Chow 97¢
Go Here -->> 
I blocked Walmart number and they calling me off they cell phones 😭😭
Sales Analyst for food co in  NWArk. Strong in Analytics & Walmart exp. needed. Check it out!  cpg  jobs 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart a
there was found at Walmart last night and everyone at work was shook lol 
me and babe go to walmart almost every night
When did Walmart start carrying Nike?!  startedatthetopnowwehere 
Only at Walmart - children in buggy chanting "OMG...look at her butt"  yalldontevenknow  sirmixalot  ialmostbrokeout  memories  becky
 xyonnee_ Which Walmart you at
Y'all know they sell cattle shampoo in the "ethnic" section  Walmart?
3-Piece Stainless Steel Trash Can Set ONLY  18.97 (Reg  69.99)

Details HERE---->
Spanish ppl are normally nice but in walmart they're rude af and I'm not here for it bc I'll cuss yo ass out Pedro
 Walmart and Jet firmly operating as one at  ces2017 showcasing Marketplace 
Pushing a cart around Walmart is as close as I get to road rage.
Hello everyone i'm Katrina 
Please follow my website   
 giftcard  walmart  amazongiftcard
 reann_wall you won't even go to walmart w me or go outside
I need to go to Walmart and get dj some draws and socks
 sillystring29 Haha they're amazing. It's worth having to go to Walmart
Interesting graphic via  WSJ &  RBC re: effects of proposed GOP import tax on Costco, Best Buy, Home Depot, Walmart… 
It's like dude we're in Walmart, you're not getting a "better" deal. These prices are set 😂
Got kicked out of Walmart for vlogging lmao
 KeithPlaysPC  Dell  Walmart I agree. That's bad business, may have been a mistake..but still honor it. I ordered 5 for  PayItForward builds
Rain drop drop top hit me with your cart in the middle of Walmart
Always went to walmart  TheNarddog3001 
It’s not quite Dave Letterman Top 10, but none-the-less…

There's a car parked at Walmart with like 7 dogs in it.
walmart's packed 😭 everything's almost gone
I bought season 4 & 5 of Game of Thrones new in eBay for  30 while at Walmart each season cost  35 💀
Walmart is crowded cause everyone's getting their milk and bread. I'm just trynna get me a blender to make smoothies man.
As soon as it start snowing my mama wanna go to Walmart. 😑
Dane is at Walmart shopping for apple cider ingredients & he just asked me if they even sell apples this time of year...
This guy behind us at Walmart bought a stole and a tiny bottle of milk
Sears, JC Penny, Sports Authority Aeropostale, Office Depot AND Walmart are closing stores! Will  realDonaldTrump s… 
 ClutchMilroy Are you on People of Walmart dot com??
I don't get people who spend soooo much on workout clothes when you can literally go to Walmart and get the same thing for like  10
 Walmart like damn if u don't wanna hire folks at least raise their damn wage
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lakewood, CO 
Thanks  shanedawson. I can't even drive by a  Walmart without getting seriously freaked out. 🙈
 grace5793  tbhtumbIr I think Walmart 😋
 kelsallen_ saw someone walk out of walmart wearing a t shirt like what r u doing its 18 degrees outside
Evenflo ExerSaucer Activity Center  42.88 via SwagGrabber - Walmart has the Evenflo ExerSaucer ... 
3-Piece Stainless Steel Trash Can Set ONLY  18.97 (Reg  69.99) 
Walmart is for peasants 
Up in Walmart looking real bummy
FYI the worst time to go to Walmart is hours prior to snow storm  RookieMistake
I literally just lost my phone in Walmart. A temple student was nice enough to return it 🙌🏾
accidentally hung up on my walmart customer support rep, tim, if you're out there i'm so sorry
Who knew  Walmart had free wifi?
I just walked around Walmart with my shirt inside out and lainey  said nothing until we left
Only I would be looking at bottles in Walmart at 1:30 pm 😂😂😂
Back from Walmart. 

All the bread is gone... 

Luckily, we don't eat bread, or "sandwiches" and TONS of  25 steaks left!  

 snowpocalypse
 pahlee l never want to work at Walmart
Halfway done packing 😅 I need another box 📦 and to wrap my roommate gifts so I guess I'm going to Walmart again tomorrow 😊
Bro I jus hit the meanest drift in Walmart parking lot bro I'm talking Paul walker status
Swanson Broth as LOW as  0.43 at Walmart & Homeland! 
comming soon into my own 2 hands a iPad Mini 2 Just ordered it today from :)
really don't feel like going to walmart !
Walmart trips never work out for me. Some guy just basically insulted me & a lady I kept crossing paths with yells at me & says stocker. Tf
You don't have to worry about using your  Visa credit card at  WalmartCanada... 
Walmart-Visa truce could mean higher fees: CFIB - via CP 
 darthwoodelf just told me he doesnt know where his local Walmart is.
Tell Walmart to stop this cage-free hypocrisy! - Sign the Petition! via  Change
So I'm stranded at Walmart, and I happened to walk by the alcohol and I just realized I probably looked like an alcoholic😂
people complain about walmart but airport customs will have 500+ people trying to make flights and 3 security officers checking them in 🤔
I dead ass got dressed up to go to Walmart and everybody is looking at me like I'm crazy
 T_HoMegas lmao bro we haven't even seen snow in Atl they already closing down everywhere . Ain't no more milk or bread at Walmart 🙄
[31047] Creator - Propeller Plane is on sale for  12.99 (35% off from reg. 19.99) 
NEW 3rd ed.  vinegar powers attacts...fresh recipes, home cures, diets...BIG book, fun, mus… 
 ZimieStef RUNS TO WALMART
parking lot is full, several wrecks almost happened, and a women jumped out of her car to scream at a women all before I walked into Walmart
WALMART CLIPPER CHALLENGE! Barber Tutorial with Home Clippers!  challenge  barbersconnect
A wild journal 3 appears at Iowa Walmart 
I really like the color vibrancy in these, but this, like my poster, shows that Walmart has an inability to handle dark pictures.
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  100 Wal-Mart Walmart Gift Card -- Fast Shipping!!  GiftCards  Gifts 
 At  Walmart:  HORMEL®  Pepperoni - Save  1.00 on Any variety.   cashbackoffers  checkout51  onlinecoupons -... 
You'll think with this weather people would stay they ass in the crib 😒😒🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾and don't bring they ass to Walmart 😩😩
Would u ever do the 24 hour challenge at the same walmart ? 😂  askwolf
Be a  groceryhero with Walmart Online Grocery! 
If a Walmart shows up in my neighbourhood I am going to scream 🙃🙃🙃
I hope they last longer than the starter sneakers from walmart 
Tell my why Walmart barley have the heater on and I'm here until 8, y'all I'm about to walk out😩 it's cold af by these doors.
Found out New Mexicos Walmart is just as terrible as PAs
 realDonaldTrump if u can help walmart workers get paid more u will win more Folks over they are underpaid
Got some stuff printed out using Walmart's metallic printing service. 
Im taking my car to a walmart parking lot and Tokyo drift all on the ice
My new look on  chictopia: 
Yep....will get  0.
Walmart shopper injured while chasing ‘unsafe’ shopping cart sues for  500,000 via  nationalpost
when you meet post malone by the redbox at walmart :o 
First place they going to is Walmart 😭 
Just just hubs in line at Walmart because there was way too many people and I ran out of anxiety meds yesterday 🙃
I saw a girl in a walmart parking lot walking with a boy and said, "She's hot.... TO HIM I MEAN." I was like 5 or 6 
I'm not gonna panic and stuff my house with food...especially since if shit gets "crazy" I can just walk to Walmart
 sinatrafan28 Don't you work at Walmart?
Almost fainted in Walmart so that was Somethin 👌👀💦💦💦
Apparently  Walmart doesn't care about the well being of its employees
To the people in Walmart blowing a check on groceries like it's the end of the world... you do know snow melts right?
 yanderelict also extend the waiting periods bc right now you can just walk into walmart and get a gun.
 DnvrRides A ride to the local Walmart in Littleton (West Bowles and Kipling) 
DELISH!! Pick up belVita biscuits at a low price here ( ) for an easy breakfast on the go!… 
Sunbeam Dial Scale, Digital Tape Measure for  11 + pickup at Walmart - 
Verizon please just stop it! I'm sick to death of your sales pitches. I can't shop Walmart Virginia Beach -... 
Taking my first trip to Walmart in South Carolina. I really hope it's not like it is in the memes
. jspotcomedy has some thoughts about Walmart Greeters. More where that comes from Jan 15 
WHO WOULD'VE THOUGHT GROCERY SHOPPING ON MY OWN   WALMART WOULD BE SO MUCH FUN
So my dad and I were about to go into Walmart and Fairytale by Taylor Swift came on the radio and he goes oh shit we need to listen to this😂
Ohhweee, yea Ima be in Wylie Walmart 
Demand That Walmart Use Cage-Free Eggs 
I'm at walmart (  Walmart Carretera Sur) 
Walmart Parking Lot Front Row 
Does anyone ever take the "No Parking" section of Walmart seriously
This place is RIDICULOUS right now! (  Walmart Supercenter in East Point, GA) 
Why does Walmart always seem to hire a bunch of weirdos that never shut up 😒
When Walmart won't let you work on an off day😂😂
Corelle Square Round Plate, Pure White  [ Save 89% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
 DoD Walmart honored by Department of Defense for Extraordinary Support of Employees who serves in the National... 
Of course "dressing" doesn't include unwarranted trips to Walmart
It needs to hurry up & snow so niggas stop comin to Walmart
 ReTweet  Cat  Medicine  Vetri Science Flea + Tick Defense for Cats 
Brand Rhetoric Case Study: Walmart  marketing  branding
There is no psychological evaluation to get a gun, it's insane how I can go to Walmart and buy one right now
I'm going to walmart buying a bunch of letter beads and stretchy cord and making Trump bracelets to sell for a tidy profit.
Sams club is the frat of Walmart
 essy____ Should have went to Walmart today they had all the lanes open 😂😂😂😂
Rip Kroger and Walmart 😂
In Walmart and board af
 MiSuzukis please do I'm tired of smelling white dread heads at Walmart
 puppybreff 

WALMART ➡️ MARTIAL LAW
Man Arrested For Shooting Women With A Syringe Full Of His SEMEN — Icky Details HERE! 
 allyhills "Guns don't kill people. People kill people."

...with guns that they bought at Walmart.
You in the Walmart parking Lot 
Dad asked me to go to Walmart after I get off work... I'm so scared, the people will be at the store going crazy cause of the snow...
 McGeeDawn what kind of Walmart is this
No really Walmart is empty asf 😂😂 
I need to go to Walmart ugh
Waiting to deliver at Walmart. (  McClure Oil in Gas City, IN) 
 tonyposnanski They sell other things? 😎Maybe Trumpies can go somewhere other than Walmart.NOOOO! Stay at Walmart! Leave our Target alone!!!
Walmart was packed and out of bread 😂 it's no lie 
 BritBratAlexis it's the brand, you can get it at Walmart or target, almost anywhere. It's a very versatile product
i'm at the walmart where the manager i cussed out works LMAO
 cherubiks  monorai1 the grandaddy walmart
Visa-Walmart Canada deal sparks concern about higher fees for merchants
> 
 monorai1  ctrlaltdog is this a superior walmart
I HAVE 2% ON MY PHONE AND I'M AT WALMART SOOOO KMS
 Walmart come back later to change the email address
My life is as organized as a  10 movie bin at Walmart
 Walmart why can't I change my email on the website I order to things and it keeps saying processing order
How come speedy checkout at Walmart is never speedy 🤔🙄
Dropped a stack in Walmart
Man, the display devices at this Walmart include an iPod Touch 6 on 8.4, an iPad Mini 4 on 9.0.2 and an iPad Air 2 on 9.0.0 :P
walmart is about to be a mess. everyone will be buying milk, eggs, and bread. im the only one buying steak, bacon, and chicken
Trump: USA to pay for wall Min.wage & poor American's money create & support Billionaires. eg Trump, Walmart & more
Or chvrch or walmart to shoot cans /africans puerto ricans mexicans americans 'what are you 'stupid 'bill nelson  michael christ aka aman...
 ctrlaltdog  cherubiks hamilton health sciences and walmart (a different one than i worked at before)
"They're mentally ill" is not a good enough excuse. The mentally ill (or anyone really) shouldn't be able to buy a gun at fucking Walmart.
 policechiefmik1 Thanks for asking, Have you reached out to the management at your local store about getting this in stock? -ToniH
 TheBrandonMorse I'm in Fort Worth and the whole city is in Walmart right now.  I mean the. entire. city.
 thejoeygreco Walmart foundation for  2,000 on glasses  Doctor: ford niles illinios
 CNN Perhaps Walmart should start selling Rosetta Stone Russian Level 1. Its customers might as well learn the language of it's leaders.
how can i meet him in walmart😩👏🏻 
Don't miss Walmart's Winter Beauty Box for only  5.  ad 
 beautybox  beauty  skincare… 
 toa_freak  Lanipator America's problem, as Lani said, is that you can walk into Walmart, buy a gun, and walk out.
Please be nice to walmart employees!!! I hate that corp but I always see the staff dealing with some terrible ass shit
:(
The most awkward part was when I went in Walmart. Got stopped by the “greeter” who wanted to check my receipt.  iguessilooklikeatheif
THIS IS NOT WALMART THERE IS NO PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE GTFO
I look so ratchet right now... I'm going to see everybody at Walmart...Watch
lol  Walmart breaking in the table clothes 
man walmart will hire anyone
This Walmart high key hectic but I'm chillin listening to chixtape 4 calm asab
I'm at Walmart in Chatham, ON 
 Davey_H  imcorinnemec I've seen them at  Walmart
 Brieeeee_ At Walmart
Walmart is hell on earth
Spotted this at Walmart today.... I'm sorry 
back to school soon so my mother taking me to Walmart lol
Kids be falling all out on the concrete outside at Walmart licking the fucking gravel & car tires.
anybody on my TL going to Walmart or target tonight 🙄😭 need yall to pick something up for me
 Jestiiik_Ashtin nah! Get another one at Walmart for ten dollars.
Why does everyone in Walmart today have maaaad attitude
 N0_bullSHXT That must mean that Walmart is a jungle right now.
Some dude at Walmart in line right now asked me and the mom was like "it smells expensive" lmao it wasn't even expensive! 35 bucks
This Walmart garbage 
myAppliances->Sallal Grange hosts free recycling event Jan. 14 - Snoqualmie Valley Record… 
Spent so much money at walmart🤦🏾‍♀️
Mayor said he need everybody off da streets at 4 n it's past 4 n it's about a 1000 blk ppl at Walmart rite now
ATTI:  ML09Purple 101 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 1/6/2017 4:22:06 PM
Zapppos aquired by - a Walmart company.  retail  acquisition 
Calling it. "Midnight Rinse" and "Light Indigo" are the same f'ing pants. 
Zapppos aquired by - a Walmart company.  retail  acquisition
 Walmart I will do that thank you
 Josh_TSmith We're sorry to hear that, Josh. Will you give us some details about what happened? -ToniH
I can't fw kroger. They walk unorganized, they kids run through the store & shit so I stick wit walmart where the kids hold on 2 the basket😊
Everyone is going crazy in Walmart getting stuff for this storm 😶😶
I watched  Jaylandthegreat try to beat an elderly man in a scooter to the checkout lane in Walmart. I watched it with my own eyes.
Walmart strikes deal with Visa to settle credit card fee dispute, via  CBCNews

That look on an angry soccer mom's face when you cut her off in the Walmart parking lot >>>>
 allergylaw I didn't ask for anything indulgent, excessive, or luxurious-- a microwave. They're about  40  Walmart
Bro I'm still out here Walmart and target shopping 
I went to  Walmart  with my mama she asked me if I wanted any thing I said "no" bc I was mad at her 😒we back home now and I'm fuckin starvin
I put his in there so I went to the Walmart that don't give a damn .. pines rd had my receipt ready told em I need a replacement
The lady at Walmart bakery told me there not baking king cakes this year there getting them in frozen 💔
So yeah I screwed up big time. Got me a Little Trees 3pack at the Hixson Walmart & opened all 3. Came outta Northgate & OMG I can't breath.
Deals: Mainstays Value 10-Piece Towel Set (Assorted Colors)  14.97 (
Cool box and lockers at parks: Was thinking of getting a small cool box and an ice pack from Walmart when we get to… 
I had a dream about chasing my old cat Malibu and a baby sea lion in Walmart because my mom wanted to take them home... I'm confused 😳
Walking on Walmart Car parc Wearing Sarong and high heels 
 CoupleFact  aspennicoleee we were definitely looking for alcohol at Walmart but  Same 😌😘
ATTI:  ML09Purple 101 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 1/6/2017 4:19:26 PM
I'm about to take a chance and go to Walmart
Ok y'all. It's time to panic. The Walmart is out of ground beef!  snowpocalypse
 BillWCNC Just left Statesville Walmart a couple hours ago, the only item short of supply was 3lb cans of coffee
In Walmart Parking Lot 🎯 
Make these Baked Garlic Balsamic Wings this weekend  ad 
 recipe  wings  garlic  balsamic… 
Welcome to walmart the land over the disgusting and only one open registers at all times.
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
 noel__c Damn try another place, for me to change the oil in my car it's only about  30. Try Walmart
I've just posted a new blog: How to get a amazon and walmart gift card 
Walmart so pk
I'm just tryna get to walmart
 FaZeAdapt  FaZeBlaziken would you rather work at a gas station in Detroit or a Walmart
. Walmart exclusively carries  Pfizer's new  ChapStick DUO line, touted by YouTube star  SuedeBrooks.… 
SO MUCH for higher education. Where did that Phd come from? Walmart? 
I really just lost my dad in walmart tho
Everyone should come visit me on my last day of work today so this day call be worth It Walmart neighborhood marketplace my schedule 3-11
Jacksen got in some old lady's way at walmart and said and I quote "Don't worry, I'm fast as fuck boi" and the lady could not stop laughing.
standing in walmart not matching at all w my fanny pack & this guy just walked by me saying "you look stupid af", YAY
I was in Walmart and sneezed this nigga said "bless you" I replied "thanks but no thanks I'm already Blessed" 😂😂😂
Just passed a guy in Walmart who had 4 boxes of condoms and a case of bud light in his cart. I know what he's doing if we're snowed in 😂
 DosBuna GameStop, target, Walmart, bestbuy 😁😁😁
Soooo when I went to buy this from Walmart they were sold out 🙄 Just know I'm going back 😂  EaeStatingFacts 
Time for my screaming kid quota to get filled!! (at  Walmart Supercenter in Woodbury, MN) 
 DeriumsPokemon When do you think we'll see Roaring Skies in places like Walmart and Target (in the U.S.)?
Pepperjack and Onion Stuffed Meatballs  ad 
 recipe  meatballs  pepperjack  onion  stuffed… 
 HozayPurez just go buy a remote from walmart...like   5
In walmart toe but ion care lol
Gym at lunch and then run to walmart for a new thermometer havent ate lunch and these are still… 
 hayilla_ we need a ride to walmart
 Al_Bear_2 super Walmart next to rockwall
 midnight  marcellacomedy
 Stop losing my damn kids in Walmart
The Walmart cross walk is a dangerous place. Those people have death wishes. Have to keep your head on a swivel.
Forget Walmart and Amazon and try  jet.com  jet.com.  Great prices and free shipping!!!!
 Tom_in_NoVA  redsteeze hunters are going after specific game, their ammo is chosen for that, can't always walk into walmart and pick up
When your favorite coworker at Walmart turns out to be a legit semi-famous rock star
 thehill what's the difference by the facial-recognition  that FB, Walmart,CIA  uses? If I prepare  2take a pic, circles surround FB users
Chanel Vs. Walmart 
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB – CTV News 
 BradHowardII_8 Walmart next to Rockwall
Lemme tell y'all how I finesse Walmart
Went to Walmart to get some bread and I saw this 😕😑. There's going to be a huge bread feast in Mooresville, NC for… 
- Mainstays Value 10-Piece Towel Set (Assorted Colors)  14.97 (
honestly want to use the rest of my walmart gift card to buy chocolate and ice cream
Wish me luck going to Walmart. I'm just going in to buy something quick and I'm out .
When you live in Georgia and speck of snow has fallen.   Walmart Woodstock - Bells Ferry Rd 
Back out to Walmart we go.... and everything here is 30 damn minutes away, I'm bout to have an anxiety attack 😬
Can we talk about how Office Depot was selling the same notebook I got at Walmart for 5.99 instead of 2.76?  boycottofficedepot  imbroke
Round Rock  police searching for Walmart hit, run  suspect - Jan 6   4:14 PM ET  
 SandraLocke87  devreal  LindaKCarter  UnlimtedSarcasm I'm a free market person.1 hates their job at Walmart work towards a better job.
At Wal-Mart  like  wtf?   Walmart Glen Allen 
 Caasey96 I miss everyone from Walmart 😭😭 we need to catch up with everyone 😍
"Let's go on a run. We should run to Walmart, get some wine, and then run back."
"I start looking for her after I find her picture at Walmart." 
And gun control doesn't mean take all guns Just means make it harder than heading to your local WalMart and picking one up the the groceries
 MichaelGoku We're very sorry to hear what happened with your grocery order. Did you call us at (800) 924 9206 between 8am-10pm CST? -ToniH
CAP Barbell Doorway Sit Up Bar for  5 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers… 
Stanley Growler / Vacuum Pint Glass Bundle for  19 + pickup at Walmart… 
Mongoose Men's 29" Hex Fitness Bike for  89 + free shipping: Walmart offers… 
w/e I'm going to Walmart
 that_gavin hit up Walmart or like one of those beauty stores
Walmart  __BHB__  LacyLovejoy
This old white woman just randomly started talkingto me  about Trump in this Walmart line
 andrealamarchex I miss working at Walmart and hearing about things like this 😩
Need another Walmart run for snacks
Forgot I live by McArthur hs so every time I go to the Walmart theirs 300 kids hanging out
I get mine from Walmart 
me and abby are going to walmart to get snowed in and dog food!!
Peores del Dow Jones: Verizon, Walmart, Chevron... 
Real bonding is going to Walmart and trying to figure out what to get for dinner
Walmart using Blockchain in food safety...interesting use case.


Only at Walmart   ShawnMendes  BestFanArmy  iHeartAwards  MendesArmy 
So I already know there's billions of ppl in the world and we're all different, but I never see that difference until I walk into Walmart
Supermarket~COSTCO, just like the SAM, a membership shop of Walmart. 
 therego_jay where you buy it from? I want some shea butter body butter but can't find none. Went to Walmart and Target
 CoachBMWilliams why did you go to Walmart? Hit a Food Lion or something
 KingDariuss_ We are sorry to hear about the service you received, Darius. Please share with us at -ToniH
I can't remember if I have any conditioner at school but going to Walmart at the start of snow seems dumb
Taking a dump is a must every time I come to walmart! It never fails 😂💩💩
Mom: "do you think they have the eyeliner that Mick Jagger's  daughter wears?"
Me: "mom you're in Lawrenceville Walmart"
 Walmart 90% OFF Trolls Hug Time Poppy ~ HOT Walmart Clearance!!! 
When  Tayttortott and  _kyleeodell scare you in Walmart and make you think you're being kidnapped. 🙃
Them dudes that work at Walmart overnight be tripping.😂😂😂
A whole family ina van just drove past me pissinn at walmart 😂😂
These lines in Walmart are crazy 😬
So Walmart da move ? 👀😂
When i go to walmart in catskill i just keep my head down the whole time and pray to god no one says hello to me
staring forlornly at the expensive cookware in walmart and feeling like a dickensian orphan looking at a pretty dress thru a shop window
 Crispy going to ur local Walmart and falling into a stack of items on purpose 😂😂
I just saw Miss Boyle in WalMart and it made my day
Boooooo (at  Walmart Supercenter in Auburn, AL) 
My baby the realist for going to Walmart at 6 this morning in the freezing cold to get me medicine 💟😓 now he's making me food I love him
Walmart: SanDisk 16 GB USB Flash Drive 3-Pack Value Bundle Only  12.96 (Reg.  23.91)! via Family ... 
3 predictions for the future of retail – from the CEO of Walmart 
The Milford Walmart is 1000 times better than Stratford's
 KatrinaSherie I don't argue Walmart ass bitch  friends
A walmart gift card is a nice way to tell someone that you think they're disgusting.
This Walmart makes Fayette county ppl seem normal
Asking the Greeter for help to find something....

 Caturday  Walmart  CatMart 
 JTWard831 funny. I saw lots and lots of the tins at Walmart on top of freezers in the back of the store.
Nothing like a trip to Walmart to piss yourself off. Please tell me why they need  15/hour? 🙄
 MEEK_ndhumble  TheHelenOfTrill I know when I get mine in Walmart there's a book to look up the wipers where you look up the make & model
ABC, Walmart, and Home Depot probably boomin right now lol niggas picking up shovels, food and liq
Day 1 — Rejection Challenge  002 — Being a Walmart Customer Greeter  Technova
walmart is so dumb i swear
 equestripon they're a brand from Walmart but the work really well! 
Walmart took a picture a Reposed Mii Swordfighter amiibo on New Years
Tell me this is real 🤣  feelgoodfriday  fgf  tgifriday  cookiedough  walmart  wallyworld… 
 StarWars Star Wars Black Series 6" Scarif Stormtrooper Action Figure (Walmart)  Buzz
There are two types of people in this world. There are people who shop at Walmart or work there.
If anyone wants to get me a Valentine's Day present there is the cutest stuffed elephant at Walmart 😩😩
 Valentine  Gift 2010 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake  TeddyBear White Boy 20" Red Cothes Nice NWT… 
 Walmart I spoke to a manager, she was very rude. Idk why some people fill out applications to work &take personal problems out on customers
I hate coming to Walmart, I always run into someone I know and don't want to say hi to
Man threatens to bomb Walmart for booze & bullets with IS explosives -- Society's Child -- 
My dad surprised me with new tires for my car which is nice but he should have told me. I could be doing donuts in a Walmart parking lot rn
In a "me-too" move, Walmart's Jet division acquires Shoebuy to be their answer to Zappos. Intriguing. 
Sitting in Walmart parking lot passing time to pick bobby up from work. A cop came up to my window to make sure I wasn't dead 🙃 ok. Thx.
 Walmart you should take lessons from  Publix all registers open. Unlike your stores.  publixisbest
All Natural Gentle Giants World Class Canine Cuisine Dog Food is now available in selected  Walmart Supercenters... 
 daisydukes8 lol ok ok I'll meet u at Walmart
 Crispy has to dress up as a pineapple and go to Walmart
Shout out to the old man who dropped me on my head in Walmart when I was just a baby he turns 50 today.  jjhop67… 
need more plug-ins. should've went to walmart w my momma😒
Psych examiners who evaluated the alleged Walmart murderer came to opposite conclusions on his competency.  twithaca 
 RunnerBliss shareto everyone who follows you. take care of your  skin. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com  has  tineacide  help out
Police: Ohio Man Squirted Semen On Women At Walmart via  YahooNews
Walmart Just Made Me Realize I'm Gonna Be Lonely Asf Valentines Day.
Someone take me to Walmart today so I can buy a bed also help me take it to my new room thnx
Nothing screams anxiety like Walmart before a snowstorm
Woman accused of getting drunk inside Walmart, grabbing EMTs crotch 
It's 3:06 right now tho cause we went to Walmart
 sale 700c Men’s Kent RoadTech Road Bike -  129.00: Walmart offers 700c Men's Kent RoadTech Road Bike, Green/Black… 
Also just crop dusted an old lady at Walmart.. I'm so sorry
Fellow atliens yall can go to miami for  80 n instead of spending  200 in walmart like its gonna be a blizzard 😩 its 1-3 inches relax
RECRUITING EVENT FOR WALMART eCOMMERCE DISTRIBUTION CENTER:  Saturday, Jan. 14th 9AM-11AM at
5100 North Ridge... 
All Walmart's in NOLA has some rude Employees👎🏽 ..
I delete tweets so much I'm gonna be  the Walmart  AlexErnst
chanel vs. walmart 
 KeithPlaysPC  charles4691 And I would still try to talk Walmart down on it  😜 lol Never hurts to try.  ProudCheapskate
Someone just yelled at me at Walmart and I feel bad cause I didn't say anything 😅
 23_laflare no you not. I came to Walmart looking for you. Text me.
 Cernovich and the man that bombed a Walmart was a trump supporter... Your point??? Stop turning a tragedy into an agenda
Everyone's at Walmart lol
Democrats should be rescuing Americans from the crushing jaws of the Walmart economy instead.  StopOthering   Russia 
 youwantmoher me! There's a  9 one at Walmart that has a guide that is super easy to use
walmart is out of baskets 😑
 ItsMonroe88  Vegas_Vixen  periscopeco Does that Walmart pack have the shade *cut-a-bitch* in it? Been looking for it😛
 Walmart No assistance needed.  I just thought it was humorous.
News:  WalMart  Walmart expands online reach with  ShoeBuy acquisition 
I'm not okay. We're literally going from the Gucci Obamas to the Walmart Tr*mps.  FLOTUS you have made us incredibl… 
Moral of the story.. Check expiration dates when you go to Walmart to buy groceries cus it may be 2 years old
great new timesaver for my family: online grocery. nice when our technology is connected and you can help Walmart in…
One of my friends got fired from Walmart because of this 
Woman’s reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle is hilarious 
Walmart got Patti's pies for the low, I had to fold
Starting to snow in Winston Salem! Only 38 degrees! — feeling amused at Walmart Winston Salem - Parkway Village Ct 
literally almost fought twice in the neighborhood Walmart
i came to walmart for a face mask and allat but people swear we about to be snowed in for days 🙃
I need to get out of walmart before I snap and attack this bitch
"Walmart does a bang up job" lmfao 
 LouFrontier I guess those Walmart shelves won't stock themselves. Have at it.  EdDarrell  WordBrian  PolitiSass  snopes
Dad Catches Creep Taking Pics Of His Daughter In Walmart 
Visa, Walmart deal sparks small business concern 
Walmart line so long 😫
The people at Walmart are ridiculous
WalMart just stressed me out to the 100th power!
walmart putting out valentine shit already glad I'm single
 Charence  asapkoff Walmart partners with consignment shops.. it's been known lol
I'm going back to a room with no food when it's snowing and you already know Walmart been ran through.
 Jholt915 Quick! Go get in your car and drive 5 mph to go buy Walmart out of milk and bread!
Petsmart Hunters Creek, Kissimmee 1/7/17   El_Sentinel  FoxNews  WSJ  Publix  Petco  Walmart  Macys  PetSmart… 
Really proud of  atlanta.  All the fruit is gone at Walmart but plenty of chips left.      good decisions neighbors!  Take the night off!
Walmart can kiss my ass if they think I'm about to be friendly with everybody today .. cause it ain't happening 🌚👐🏽
WALMART HAS GIANT STUFFED SLOTHS AND YOU BET YOUR ASS IM BUYING ONE.
Picked up groceries at  Walmart, had lunch. Soup and a sandwich. Doing some job searching. Lots of good jobs available in my field in OKC.
 splendidhammer  rqaiser16  markknoller ok I give. Just difficult to imagine Barack and Michele shopping at Walmart. Was it cash or credit?
 fierymom3  realjunsonchan unfortunately the reality is we train killers at age 18, expect them to work at Walmart afterwards and they flip
Local 'walmart 'if you came to dance there was never a better day than the days that were written  michael christ 'my mother 'elizabeth
Fouseytube gets hair he bought it from Walmart
Lemme run to Walmart real quick 😂😂😂
especially in PA on the way to walmart. 
i know it's aggressively early BUT walmart has the reese's eggs out 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
Shopping... (at  Walmart Supercenter in Raleigh, NC) 
I need to go to Walmart... There is nothing in my room
i'm gonna jenny litten mark walmart
Mos random shit in people's baskets in Walmart before a snow storm lol
 kortneehalll dude, walmart.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Saint Cloud, FL 
Walmart has acquired a Zappos competitor to boost shoe business via  Recode
 quethemusic_ I'll bring it to you. I gotta go to Walmart anyways.
 QCtyler704 Thanks for updating us, Tyler. What store location did this happen at? -ToniH
When you casually sip your Starbucks to avoid making eye contact with the Walmart greeter.  antisocial
Hefty 8.8-Gallon Polished Handled Open Waste Can, Black  [ Save 90% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
Eyes but like debbie i can not see you at the dollartree or walmart but i am sure that a common woman like 'hilary would be seen at the ....
Walmart On 14mile And Van Dyke Got Some Fine Ones In There.
 Retweet  Dog  Furniture  Majestic Pet Products Majestic Pet Black Vertical 
Will Walmart shoppers support "Every Day High Wages?" via  YouTube
 MandiO22  LynchDTori that's so cute!! Yeah, I'll definitely need the snacks. Walmart had a bin of them for cheap!
A sign that time crushes all childhood memories: when a Walmart stands in place of the old Spanish Village shopping center in Richardson.
Win a  Walmart  25 eGift Card to try the Grocery Pickup Service + Get  10 off  thereviewwire Ends 1.12.17 
Can't stand how people drive in the Walmart parking lot
Crazy Times at walmart: via  YouTube
Standing in this packed Walmart sweating. Help.
 kfor not just at Walmart either lol
The secretary at my son's school asked if I bought a booty from Walmart 🙄 I hate him so much 😂😂😂  Gains
I cannot even begin to express my hatred for Walmart.
 realDonaldTrump What can we do to save Sears, Kmart, and Macy's jobs? Pretty soon all we'll have is Walmart and they'll close.
I found a husband in Walmart
 El_Universal_Mx devolvamos el favor sin comprar en Walmart, homedepot, macdonalds, burger king, ford, chevrolet, gmc, sams club, ...
New post:  Free Idea for  Amazon or  Walmart or  Target: Right up front: I offer this idea… 
Walmart Strikes Yet Again. WTF Things That You Only See At Walmart 
 vladisglad talented guy & always forget you're straightedge. We've met up in Walmart parking lots too many times.
Psychiatric Examiners Disagree Over Competency of Alleged Walmart Murderer

Did you buy your wood at Walmart. Lol. 
 vorhersagen im gonna go to walmart and mess up the toys
 clfallis I have a tiny one from Walmart that goes across my body for when I'm at gigs or using my wheelchair
Hi  Walmart ! I went to get some food today and one of the cashiers called me fat, can you help?
If you guys need some milk and bread, the Cullowhee Walmart has plenty of it. Just a short 5 hour drive to get your NC essentials.
Seems expensive for just random knife handles... Why don't they come with blades?  Walmart 
At Walmart in this blizzard 🤕
We're giving away a free towel made with a patented cooling technology fabric with every bottle of 100% Whey Protei… 
Tito's? ✅. Netflix paid? ✅. All I need now is to brave a trip in the cold to  Walmart for a good drink mixer. ✅ 
I swear if I get snowed in at Walmart I'll scream
Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M (Walmart) 
Crispy "Walmart" ice cream sandwiches 
Welcome to Ohio where men at Walmart spray you with their semen using syringes
7-Eleven OPEN cvs OPEN Friday OPEN Walmart OPEN 24/7 OPEN
A Walmart purse would hold my things the same as a givenchy but it's just fun being boujee sometimes💁 
The only time check out is speedy  Walmart is in the self-checkout lane.  EmployeeOfTheMonth
The Tulsa humane society is in big need of blankets and pedigree dog food!!! Please donate!!  20 for a 50lb bag from Walmart! Help the pups!
 jake_hawg34  UnlimitedTide you left out every college stadium tailgate saturdays and every walmart on thanksgiving  200 big screen tv day
Literally taking me 20 minutes to get to Walmart which is 5 mins away 🙄
The day the snow actually sticks Walmart ran out of fucking sleds!!  fuckwalmart
Walmart Strikes Yet Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
 supernovalester yeah but like in-store blankets, here in California, just are that expensive. Like even at walmart
Bread & Eggs are all gone! Surprisingly there is milk though...  Walmart  NCWeather 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Fort Worth, TX 
A random dude literally came up to me at Walmart and told me I was beautiful 😭😭😭
Walmart Home and School my go to places  walmartlife
I'm in Walmart and everybody got a bottle of wine in their hands
 JobsReport Gov. claims to have added millions of jobs over last several years. I guess  McDonalds &  Walmart are d… 
 Walmart i have sent your beauty box department 4 emails in 2 weeks with no answer.  What is going on???  help
I saw this fine boy at Walmart q
thick ass amateur white married milf at Walmart in zachery Louisiana 
Oomfs saw me in Walmart drunk AF with my family over break I'm so embarrassed 😐😭😭😭
 Netsa_Sara  sparrowpost Walmart is like the dark side. The one in Irvine is clean tho. Target staff are super helpful & knowledgeable. I💛it
 LaquieshaIsLove lol I want it , I look sooo good 😂 walmart have allllll the snacks
 KeithPlaysPC  Dell  Walmart Apparently Dell doesn't fall under the same guidelines as walmart
Walmart is the best place on earth 
I've been an Ox for a week & only seen the inside of Walmart. 😩 But it's also too cold for Jax & I to do anything.
Try Hi-chews from Walmart 
I really hate Walmart.
North Livonia Walmart Here I Come.
THESE WALMART EMPLOYEES ARE TALKIN ABOUT RATATOUILLE
Wow I wish I could go into Walmart without being objectified
. noUpside if prices go up 50% at Walmart, expect the Waltons to throw the GOP under the bus.
 Just_Jay_Baby  headiebizz  MarketWatch Unless you want inflation to go way up, for the stuff you buy. Where does Walmart buy from?
Attention Walmart employees: vertically challenged female needs help reaching last yellow popcorn bag on aisle 12 
 canadadrycanada  samsclub  walmart how does one buy cans of Tahitian Treat???
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Breakfast  Burrito  +  medium  coffee - Save  0.75 on Any  Breakfast  Burrito... 
I'm at  Walmart in Montoursville, PA 
 ghimlay  AirlineFlyer no surprise.. If you can buy one online at Walmart.. After all its Murica
The traffic to Walmart crazy so I know this is about to be wild
 kxyonn I understand that it's called merch for a reason but it's just so ugly and tacky .. like I can go to Walmar… 
 LaquieshaIsLove that one from Walmart ?
 lynneacantweet Sorry to hear about the issue you are having ordering photos. Please reach out to us at -ToniH
WGN-TV South Carolina woman's reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral WGN-TV… 
Tara and I are at Walmart and we just saw our photography teacher and she yelled, "Happiiii and T...t...t" 

Tara: "Tara..."  lolol
I told myself I was never pushing a shopping cart again after I ran into that old lady at walmart Grabbed my purse and ran dumb fast😂😂
Walmart has a Cinnabun machine next to redbox 2017
So, who is the genius that thoug t it would be wise to put the back-pain meds oy the bottom shelf at Walmart?
Surveillance video shows the moment when Yajaira Rivera shot Mandy Guzman in the stomach in the  HainesCity… 
I could get through New York City during rush hour faster than I can get through the Walmart parking lot.
People are crazy, wild at Walmart in hickory, saw one person run out of store without shoes on that's gross.
Walmart buys Zappos competitor ShoeBuy for  70M to help via  GeekWire
WALMART MURDER: Dryden man to take third mental exam via  pressconnects
 Walmart_Waylon okay bubby
I went to get almond milk for my sis in Walmart and a milk carton fell and scared the shit out of me. At least they don't know it was me...
 Typhanie26 Thanks for sharing with us, Tiff. Were you able to reach out to a customer service manager about this? -ToniH
My winter savior! Aquation lotion is great!  GotitFree  MyPerfectAquation  walmart  AquationCare  Influenster 
Harry Putin and the Ten Dollar Walmart Tent WATCH THIS ABOMINATION
hacks my  Walmart savings catcher account sends the  48 to my email instead  doh didn't think that through did you  dummy?
I entered the  tibbetapp Walmart|Target|BestBuy eGift Cards giveaway! You should too 
 PRT  Blush  Maybelline Face Studio Master Glaze Glisten Blush Stick 0.24 oz 
These  pioneerwoman Breakfast  Quesadillas are the perfect breakfast treat  ad  r... by  melrosefam via  c0nvey
ALSO. DO U SEE WHAT I HAD TO RESIST AT WALMART TODAY. I ALMOST CRIED 
 RAW  WWE Mattel Retro 4" Brock Lesnar Hasbro New Rare Toy Figure Walmart  SummerSlam 
I swear they only play "Sweet Escape" by Gwen Stefani ft Akon on Walmart radio. Like I love the song but play something else😂
 gamayauber01  sparrowpost Walmart is unclean, they don't have respect for their customers. Target is well managed.
 asapkoff they let other people sell stuff on like Amazon does, because  amazon has them shook
Also got a  SuicideSquadWB shirt, some grey sweatpants and a  Disney Mickey Mouse shirt at  Walmart.
Went into Walmart for a game. Came out with 3 kinds of ice cream, cuties, a board game and a card game 🤣
s/o man 2 jobs 🙏🏽 walmart and publix 💰 finna grind for my daughter 💕❤
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
Idk what's more depressing, the DMV or the Walmart in township
 asapkoff I mean a lot of crazy people shop at Walmart so maybe they're just being smart and exploiting their customers stupidity
FREE Airwick Warmers at Target and Walmart! 
 lovee_shiraaa  HeadHunchoNard hell no unloaders work harder than the whole walmart unloading 18-2800 boxes every day & thats only one trucc
 KingDariuss_ We're sorry to hear that, Darius. Will you let us know about what happened so we can help? -ToniH
If anybody finds any head warm gear   Walmart pls let me know 🚨🚨🚨🚨
 DJ6__ in Walmart rn lol
Don't even bother, they are terrible. 
myAppliances->Repair Cafe open 1-3 p.m. Sunday - Lincoln Journal Star 
Week Adjourned: 12.9.16 – Staples, Walmart, FloodSafe – (blog) 
I need to go to the mall, Vitamin Shoppe, and Walmart. Tomorrow or Sunday would be a nice day to do all that.
700c Men’s Kent RoadTech Road Bike -  129.00: Walmart offers 700c Men's Kent RoadTech Road Bike, Green/Black for… 
 kellercard hate to say this, but I think someone in a walmart parking lot got lucky!
 lawrenjonae where you was thinking l0l? I can't do fast food. I don't wanna work at Etech. I don't wanna work at Walmart . Idk
I just got way too excited because Walmart is selling a huge box of Tupperware for  9.94.
 gamayauber01  sparrowpost It is the cleanest discount store, Walmart is mess.WT has better fresh produce but is really dirty.
 NewYorkColorCan is there anywhere else that carries your products? I have been looking &  Walmart doesn't have carry your products anymore!
I always lose my mom at Walmart lmao
 luke_97_ this is Walmart in Athens😂😩😂 
 peanut21466 Please contact our insurance carrier Claims Management, Inc. at 1-800-527-0566 so we can assist you properly. -ToniH
I went to Walmart and loaded up on fruits and veggies so I'm good to go. 😋
90% OFF Trolls Hug Time Poppy ~ HOT Walmart Clearance!!! 

Go Here -->>   
90% OFF Trolls Hug Time Poppy ~ HOT Walmart Clearance!!! -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
Man Squirts Semen on Women in Ohio Walmart! 
Martinsville's Walmart literally got rid of the book section and expanded the hunting and camo section this town is not real
 jaepdenise come get me I wanna go to Walmart lol
 gowens819 I still got an hour before I'm back to shop
 hoezaycruz walmart, and target lol
Just ran into  cblaine01 at Walmart. Welcome bike awg!!👊👊👊 just missing  Tybcv52
I wish walmart would think about what they sell CAUSE SOME PEOPLE MAY BE ALLERGIC TO WATER CMON 
 Raythabae BRO NEIGHBORHOOD WALMART BY MY CRIB
I don't know why I rode to Walmart with my mom. I'm ready to go
Finally got the  Walmart exclusive  OriginalFunko POP! of  MargotRobbie as Dr. Harleen Quinzel in  SuicideSquadWB 😀… 
 Grace5cott I never seen the village of Walmart.  😆
 destinygarrison can you come to ada and take me and ryder to walmart?
Don't forget that impact  Walmart_Waylon
 Walmart id like to return this game 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Atrapados en un SAQUEO de WalMart - BarcadeVG Night 037
I liked a  YouTube video Gotcha yelling at people at Walmart lol
INSANE WALMART CHALLENGE (MUST SEE)! via  YouTube
walmart ain't playing no more, they got cameras in every aisle now. they fed up w y'all stealing
Can build anything from a 300  one that will dust any Walmart one all the way to 3k  server systems 🤔
 KeithPlaysPC  Dell  Walmart They canceled a price error of mine last month! Unfortunate
You Will Not Believe This Walmart Surveillance Camera Footage 
 madeINTheUSA006  devreal  LindaKCarter  UnlimtedSarcasm walmart workers, thats who.  They work like dogs but still need help, thats wrong
Walmart's Jet buys ShoeBuy in push versus Amazon's Zappos 
 Walmart's spending  2B over 2yrs to lift  ecommerce  sales  business  startup  vc  smallbiz 
I just bought the whole Walmart.. Bitch, if it don't snow.....
I'm a 22 yr old Walmart shopper and I am not ashamed lmfao
Actually Aint That Bad , I Tried Em From Walmart 😭 But They Never As Good As The Mall Or Real Ling Ling 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Maplewood, MO 
Ppl really out here doin the most smfh . Traffic is ridiculous lol watch these fuckin people go clean out Walmart like it's the apocalypse
 yooliakovach this is my first time in a Walmart since I worked   camp & this is exactly how I imagined it going
 josiebluebeagle  betsysoderlund Walmart isn't a thing where I live so I visited my parents to get the pillows. 
My little Walmart cotton sweatsuits are the most comfortable things I own 😭
 FUXK_AVERAGE just saw you at Walmart boii
Never seen so many registers open at Walmart. 

Not even during Christmas
 mynameisFACE 😂😂😂 tru I fucking hate Walmart
 _bagladyy the one by Walmart ?
Walmart: Purell Advanced 8oz Hand Sanitizer Just  1.17 After Ibotta (Regularly  2.99) + More 
 XboxSupport no I tried & they did not help and told me to call Walmart Microsoft won't help About the refund of the bonus game on the live
I know retail is in trouble. Days before Xmas went into Sears, Walmart, Belk and more. Not crowded at all; it was kinda unreal.
walmart watch Scammer Gets CAUGHT ON CAMERA 
Today Brett decided to get his hair cut at Walmart in Wentzville. Let's see how it turns out. 15 mins in and it's looking... interesting.
Shooting at Glendale Walmart:          
 Patriotic_Me  royalsoda1 I view the TSA as Walmart greeters with rubber gloves who just want touch private parts and steal
Snow flutters at Walmart❄️
The serene beauty of a new fallen snow.  And the back of a Walmart Superstore. 
Waiting in line at Walmart  NewDoughnutFlavors
Walmart to once again accept Visa at Thunder Bay stores 
 HenryTonya Negro please. Wish I would go to a Walmart. Hood ass shit. Chics will turn off the light and holler "I'M ON BREAK!"
 kaysinz appreciate it fam. We are Walmart! 
 stasizabel it's huge got it at Walmart for cheap. But I always have a MaryKay roll up bag that holds almost everything!
Seeing everybody and their mom at Walmart literally
Hiring: Senior Product Manager, Analytics
Location:  SanBruno  Walmart[][]eCommerce     tweetmyjobs
Apply Now➣ 
 Drunk_Off_Milk  HeadHunchoNard Walmart is phoney & the money only cool depending on where you at inna store. So ye… 
 jack_alphawolf  // The family is at walmart, and Pearl and Cel came across the sex toy isle, and right now Cel is chucking dildos at pearl
Walmart > Target 
Aye Walmart bout outta milk and bread so if yall want some milk sandwiches better hurry the fuck up and get to wally.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lexington, KY 
Someone should take ya boy to Walmart lol
 ItsJanParker Walmart actually 😂😂😂
Sharing locations with your friends is cool and all until they text you asking why you have time to go to Walmart but not text back. 😅
As much I hate Walmart wish I could work 7days a week
Walmart is lit bout now .  snowpocalypse2017
People in line at WalMart don't know a DAMN thing about personal space. The line won't move faster with you breathing down my neck.
Crest 3D White At Walmart for  0.97 with Coupon 
 JUNODEVl  TMTrick  lanasbicht  basedsena i literally use a cocoa butter facewash from walmart
Recap! Walmart Deal Posts From 1/5 Don’t Miss Out~ 
 HeadHunchoNard  lovee_shiraaa walmart phoney period thats why i dipped but you gonna see dummy 😂 the fetti cool tho big money 💰💰
My 10 yr old brother got 100  for Xmas and he got 15  shoes from Walmart cuz he was tired of wearing the same shoes everyday
2 key reasons 4  retailers' expected holiday Q profit decline:  Walmart's decline (bc  tech/other investments), holiday discounting.  retail
Monet texted me asking to go to HEB and Walmart w/ her and Walmart is my fav place to be so I'm so excited 😂
On my Trollnald Dump-list of places:
-Amazon
-Bed Bath and Beyond
-Burlington Coat Factory
-Ross
-Sears
-Walmart (this will be really tough)
Top 10  Deals For Under  1.00 at  Walmart this ... - - Budget  Coupons  Extremecouponing… 
 andrewlowe  I think  Walmart  watches your holiday cooking with Andrew videos... 
I'll pay more and go to target today than deal with Walmart lol
 715d1 By asking to be public figure you're asking for less privacy than Betty the Walmart cashier.Also it's not doxing, just relationships
Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M

Y'all need to try this!! It really works for acne and oily skin & its only around 3 dollars at walmart!! 
 CoachCam310 We're sorry to hear about the long lines, Cameron. What store location did this happen at? -ToniH
 sleepyficteer  todorokissu  midoriyaizuhugs small squeak ik they have them at walmart and michaels and defniitely bulk on amazon
Uh what's going on over at Walmart? 
When the worker at Walmart gives u crap for not wipeing ur shoes when u walk in 😂
I forgot where I parked in the Walmart parking lot and it's snowing and I'm a popsicle
I liked a  YouTube video My Mom Yelled At Walmart Customers
I think I lost my client in Walmart
psa to anyone who's listening: don't put fake Walmart nails on b4 work because it's a hassle, they're 2 long, and u will be late 4 work. Thx
 xfrnco  lanasbicht  JUNODEVl  basedsena u look like a Walmart brand wolverine
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist 👍"Top 13" Tips for FREE Overnight RV Parking at WALMART
 daltonfloyd22 Where them mommys at
Morgan put a phone case on at Walmart to see if he likes it.. now we've spent 20 minutes trying to get it off bc he doesn't like it
 kaysinz why the hell are you at Walmart?
If Anyone sees my car in the Walmart parking lot, see if my bumper is cracked
Hope Walmart knows I ain't coming to work tomorrow if theirs ice on the road. Sorry not sorry 🤷‍♀️
 mynameisFACE dam go to Walmart
So exhausted and i still have to go to walmart later 😩😓
Matching dishware and area rug? The results are surprisingly stylish. 
LOL walmart is out of shopping carts. Guess its going to be bad
South Carolina woman's reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral via  fox8news
"I used to love going to Walmart until I met you and realized how trashy it is." -words from my husband.
So far today I've forgotten to turn my car off and almost walked out of Walmart without paying for floss, idk how I get by
Walmart is always a shit show
 Walmart I am boycotting your company until this inequality ends in Mexico:  Walmart  WalmartDoubleStandards
Walmart on swole 🙄
It depends how long I'm in walmart for.
The lady at Walmart definitely tried correcting the way I said oil.
 _Kxmi  GameStop I got it from Walmart):
Having a snow day on my last day working at Walmart makes it a little better.
When you call your grandparents and they put you on speaker while they are at Walmart and they hit you with the," w… 
 briannajj they probably still do, Walmart always has dank calendars.
If Walmart is like this, do i really want to stop by the ABC store?
Teach My Kits Online  Walmart  shopnow 
 loveshaudonya Walmart
 hayleyasnow rip 2 me last year Walmart had Simpsons calendars tho
New Printable Annie's Coupon via Simply Frugal - Head on over to the Walmart Coupon page to print ... 
 NoExclusionists 
The number one employer outside govt is.... Walmart,pays poverty wages dead end job no growth Obama has failed the USA
my ipod keeps turning itself off, my phone keeps randomly launching the camera and then i cant get out of it, and im at walmart
it costs almost  400 to get a license in my state between drivers ed & the actual permit license ordeal but you can go to walmart for a gun
Timberlands look like you bought cheap work boots from Walmart 👀😷😂
 KeithPlaysPC  Dell  Walmart Best Buy honors pricing errors, too.  BestBuy
It's snowing and my grandpa wants to go to Walmart to get beer 😂😂
um walmart donuts are bomb idc
 HeadHunchoNard  lovee_shiraaa yall can have that walmart shit 🚮😂
 KeithPlaysPC  Dell  Walmart damn :(  I haven't gotten my cancellation email but I'm assuming I'll see it soon.
“High expectations are the key to everything.” – Sam Walton, founder Walmart http  quote  staffingsoftware  hiringsoftware
 stephieRN10 how bout a satanic hillary clinton walmart pillow? Lol i'll have neither! Thx
Walked in walmart just now and immediately turned back around smh ... ill walk in the snow b4 I deal with all that craziness in there
wtf am I doing freezing outside a walmart with a brand new xbox and no car rn this is a trip
lol i go to walmart in like pajama shorts w/ a shirt that doesn't match & socks w/ my jesus sandals 
Why does Walmart have to be so crazy right now? 🤔
New post (Top 10 Deals For Under  1.00 at Walmart this Week: 1/1 to 1/7/17) has been published on couponsdowork... 
 johnston_abbyy you can get another at Walmart then you can have one pot for you. One for your friends.
 nothayleyh it was me!!!! we went to walmart and we stopped for those patches and then we passed the emoji piggybanks!!!
The  Walmart in south Atlanta was so packed I thought the food was free!  snowpocalypse
 AMagguilli Thanks for updating us, Anne. Would you mind sharing your experience with us at -ToniH
Thursday run on bread at Walmart over a possibility of a dusting to a inch of snow.  The snow… 
Boone already wrecking in the Walmart parking lot 🙄
 pituvision long time pays off for me at walmart. I know you don't collect wwe funko but I got brock Lesnar for 5 d… 
What's one favorite memory you gonna remember with ... — That day   Walmart 😂😂 he thought he was gonna have ... 
*hates the Walmart experience*
 ADanaBrookeFan  Walmart  DanaBrookeWWE  OfficialPWI but look where Charlotte is
I can mark throwing up in a Walmart bathroom off my bucket list. I think I have the flu
 meteos117  micebot828 no we were talking how people have had bad mics recently and how his 5   walmart mic has just as good quality
 sissygrandpa in your vehicle in a Walmart parking lot .. Make sure to record it
If it don't snow, I'm going to mfs house for some damn milk & bread since y'all cleaned tf outta walmart
Someone put a band aid on my car while I was in Walmart
 barelyberlee The 11.5" RCA Galileo is only available at Walmart. They were very popular over the holidays.
 JesseCale yesss. this duo from Eco tools is so good n it's great for beginners and has everything u need. they hav… 
Mongoose Men's 29" Hex Fitness Bike  89 FS Walmart - Thumb Score: 0 Walmart has the Mongoose Men's 29" Hex Fitn... 
I'm at Walmart with Malcolm and I notice him just looking around . I ask him what he looking for and he says for the nigga that tried you ..
Doesn't make it okay to think we have the right to keep these large and intelligent animals in tanks smaller than a… 
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants (via Local Xpress) 
 _JShai_ just saw your sis in Walmart and we are equally pissed you're in TX and not freezing like us
 cheyannmariee Thanks for reaching out to us about this. Did you share with a member of the management team at the store? -ToniH
Meet Shane: The Single Greatest Walmart Employee Of All Time. I Died Laugh... 
 farejaDesconto  walmart - Kit Com 8 Cuecas Lup Por R 59.90 - 
 Hatchmo23 Walmart on Wilmington
"There ain't nuttin worth havin' up at the Walmart."  
Someone posted a photo of my hometowns walmart bread aisle...lol oh North Carolina. Miss it  dailydisneyblog 
 _keeppounding24 I work at Walmart too homeboy.
 T_KING_2 when we were at Walmart? With the ice cream? 😂😂
Just saw Wooten walking out of Walmart with so much ramen and snacks
The chart in Walmart said 26" LOLOLOL. They better work lol
There only 2 bags of bread left in the bread shelves at Walmart,. Come quick so you can get it 
I'm at  Walmart in Irvine, CA 
 pina_koolada Thanks for asking. Doesn't look like Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin' is in stock yet. Please keep checking back! -ToniH
 xoxo_diana98 cause I meant to say Walmart my bad
"I won it in the claw machine at Walmart. Dude I haven't felt a high like that in YEARS" -Lorin 
 TKFrmFinishLine its bousin and slide me to Walmart
Free pizza and walmart gift card on a Friday 🍕💳
FUCK WALMART!!!!! 
 KopertopCoral  CBCAlerts 70% of Americans have no savings, Walmart is USA number 1 employer, 53 year home ownership low -THAT is WHY he WON
 _BigPapiii I know they have em at Walmart & you can get them online
 wahoo I knew I shouldn’t have gotten my twitter humor detector at Walmart!
 Target its the middle of January. I go in to buy a jacket, all i find are bathing suits. Disappointed. I dont want to go to walmart.
 thebluntone96 they  50 at Walmart
 lisadurnford We're sorry to hear about the order issue. Have you reached out to us at -ToniH
For the record, that wasn't me sitting in Walmart parking lot eating takeout-Thai like a starving person. I would never eat like like that.
Walked into Walmart for a snow shovel.. left with wine  priorities
LEGO Valentine's Cupid Dog ONLY  9.99 at Amazon & Walmart! - 
The Walmart by my house has nothing 😭😭
Days slowly knocking from Walmart.. *shrugs*
I liked a  YouTube video from  funkbrossmx FRONTFLIP IN WALMART (BoeingNNED/THREATENED)
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
Well at least today I got the chance to bless a couple people. I had two people come up to me in Walmart and ask... 
Wow I've had shitty experiences at Walmart before but now after the bullshit I went through today idk if I'll ever go back 🖕🏼
The Jupiter Police Department is seeking the public’s assistance to identify four individuals responsible for... 
I can't believe it's really no bread in food lion. I'm damn sho not going to Walmart 🙅🏽
Hit the game w/ a Stanley 64-ounce Stainless Steel Growler and Vacuum Pint for  19 (Reg.  30+)… 
FOX17:  South Carolina woman’s reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral 
 Adjunctular strong   is bad for us exports, bad for us manufacturing, bad for us economy. Good for Walmart and Exxon.
 finy06 thanks! We need the luck, they're telling us to wear 2 pairs of pj pants to Walmart this weekend, Dixie is cold!
We better get snow. The lines at Walmart were ridiculous.
Great deals on men's outerwear at Walmart. Prices starting as low as  5.95! Check 'em out. 
 KeithPlaysPC  Dell  Walmart yeah there is something to be said there lol
need a plug as reliable as a 24hr Walmart
I promise you I will not spend the night at Walmart lol 😂
Walmart - 29" Mongoose Hex Men's Fitness Bike, Matte Blue  89 
Walmart was bout empty
Picked the perfect time to come to Walmart
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
Only dirty hoes work at Walmart .!
Win a  500 Walmart Gift Card 
Why does everyone in Walmart always look so sad?
Riding hoverboard in Walmart!: via  YouTube
RTKXAN_News "Round Rock police searching for Walmart hit, run suspect 
 Win a walmart gc  100
Since when does Walmart have security guards
 aye_spenceee I'm really about to go to Walmart before folks don't got food
Round Rock police searching for Walmart hit, run suspect 
Baby the sweet striped panda from Walmart,
Maroon 5 - This Love (Live on Walmart Soundcheck) via  YouTube
 HeadHunchoNard Oh yeah the over night shit cool , but not at my Walmart.. I think it's just the one I'm at . Shit weak fr
Grabbed this at Walmart earlier when I was supposed to be getting some gloves 
Walmart pizza is good af but it dries out too fast
All these white people coming in Walmart looking for snow sleds wth 😂
 PaulForshtay  stainedhearts if a 13 year old boy can easily buy a gun from Walmart, we need better gun laws.
Going cop some water guns from Walmart na 😂 
Thank you lord for watching over me cause it was bout to be a bloody Walmart
After being denied a week ago, (these weren't in the system  Walmart ), I FINALLY got these two!  Transformers… 
 AlexPsych0  LogicTheDon you haven't lived till you and your duo are hitting it together in the handicapped bathroom of a Walmart
Staff Software Engineer - Mobile 
 Walmart I think some of your fish are dead... 
 MarkMaddenX you can buy Krispy Kreme doughnuts at most GetGo's these days. Walmart too I believe
I liked a  YouTube video from  etech619 Man F*ck Walmart, I Quit - Walmart Intercom Prank
shipping boat carbon tax..then ships hide taxes in faraway lands with other land flag tax .Does  Walmart Merchant ships have a walmart flag?
 NikEboundJustiN ayyy while u playin erbody ino just went to walmart 😂😂 n cleared da shit out  livinindasouth
It's cold ya'll   Walmart Indianapolis - S Emerson Ave 
New leader for  DLTR's FDO operations: 
My dad and i drove all the way to Walmart just to get in there and realize we had the food at home already 😂
Now on sale at  walmart  Walmart award-winning young adult fiction  superheroes… 
. Walmart says to call  FedExHelp,  FedExHelp says to call  Walmart. and I just want to ADD some shipping information to a package. HELP
 KarleeFast1 ok at Walmart 😚😚
I hate that the news is saying "beef up airport security" because a shooting could easily happen at Walmart. Do we need security there too?
Just Nasty! 
Nah I work at Walmart, I ain't tryna give them more of my money. Somebody else's money is coo though. 
Choose From Disney's Frozen & More! 
 miltbone aw. Get him a toilet thing. A cute one. They have em at Walmart Mickey Mouse and shit like that.
Because we need some stuff... (  Walmart Supercenter) on  Yelp 
 ZacOyama walmart.... Definitely walmart  ifoundyouzacoyama
I came back to Walmart out of curiosity. Things noticeably depleted, other than bread/milk: veggies, Oreos, ramen, frozen fries, waffles.
Walmart's Just Acquired a Boston Ecommerce Pioneer for  70M via  BostInno
 realDonaldTrump get a busing company to go to walmart and get food and supplies for the men, mothers, and babies on the tarmac in FL.  hero
When you're standing in a Walmart line & want to move to another but you're already committed to this one because you've been here forever
So I tried to go to Kroger, Publix, and Walmart after work & there were no parking spots 😭
 SpeakerRyan you forgot the  NRA  Walmart  SmithAndWesson  ColtFirearms
 ericaa39  _oliviabrooks omg i have a walmart giftcard! it's a good time:)
Off work 
Walmart run
Winter Beauty Box just arrived! Only  5!!! I can't wait to try these goodies from my WalMart… 
got a tip walmart way cheaper than  1 burger, will check, but if not quality enough, fuck that
You tell Georgia folks it's gonna snow and Walmart be more packed than the club.🙄
Everyone that sees me at Walmart always comments on the amount of Powerade I get. BLAKE DOESNT DRINK ANYTHING ELSE 🙄🙄
 Chris_arnade cheaper in bulk, you can get six for  5 
Wal-Mart unit Sam's Club CEO to retire next month - Reuters 
 CometCoil Word. Thank you. If not, a trip to Walmart might, sigh, have to happen.
Nah .. because I actually like Walmart .. more like Gucci vs dollar tree 
🦄Walmart, the ER, and Bars.🦄
These are places where you'll encounter types of people you thought never existed.
 DNewtonespn I went to a Walmart early this morning and saw a lady with 8 gallons of milk and 12 loaves of bread....
Boo  Dell for canceling orders on WD SSDs because they had a pricing error. Even  Walmart honors their mess up.
 Walmart It's fine...really.  LOL  winter 
insane how difficult walmart makes it to get my meds. 3 different lanes, 45 minutes to get a prescription that was ready when I got here
I do not know why I put myself through such misery and agony by going to Walmart! Note to self: please for the... 
WALMART MURDER: Dryden man to take third mental exam 
Boss tells me since I'm working in a booth in Walmart I technically am a Walmart employee. No sorry not accepting that label. ❌🚫
dear cute guy at walmart; if only you could always point stuff out and/or help me all the time. sincerely, dumb girl that can't see shit
Walmart (s’offre le pure player ShoeBuy pour affronter Amazon | FrenchWeb.fr 
literally at walmart and i need to take the biggest shit🙃🙃🙃
 Number10gov  CanadaMoments  Walmart Warned Again
They bought all of the eggs and water at Walmart I swear this weather not that deep 😭
myAppliances->Add sparkle to your kitchen with a new countertops - 
It took me a full minute to realize Wally World = Walmart 
Mongoose Men's 29" Hex Fitness Bike  89 FS Walmart 
Still need a 2017 Calendar? Head over to Walmart where you can get this Grumpy Cat 2017 Calendar for just  5.98... 
Walmart~ Grumpy Cat 2017 Calendar Only  5.98 Shipped (Reg  19.98) - 
 Vecenteklaar  The_Sass_Hole Okay how about a shock collar that zaps you everytime you go near a thrift store or Walmart clothing section
Inside Out - Now Available At Walmart 
Watch how to make Buffalo Onion Ranch Blue Cheese Fondue Dip from Delish.  mealinspirations  ad
 BigfootFarts We're sorry to hear you were on hold so long, Rick. Would you share with us at -ToniH
Yasmin and I spend so much money on unnecessary things at Walmart 😂
Wal-Mart unit Sam's Club CEO to retire next month via  ReutersUK
 AlexPsych0 I thought what happened to me in Walmart was weird
Slid to  Walmart in the ❄️ for necessities & freaked out!  AllisonVeltz was playing on the store speakers!… 
ok but what's gross is that i went to walmart and there was so rotten oranges, they promote freshness, those didn't look too fresh js
 RockyTayeh They Created Super Pact with Walmart, Riteaid, Walgreens.
Spotted this  SuicideSquad shirt in Walmart, and YIKES. 😬 
Thank goodness I went to Walmart and bought all that bread and milk, these milk sandwiches are delicious!… 
Swear the snow isn't even sticking in TK I just saw a women with 12 gallons of water and 5 loaves of bread at Walmart.
Walmart is evil
Cheaper and better looking jacket for 7.50. Black and grey sold out only camo. 
Tryna run in and out of Walmart when I get off..
BREAKING: Walmart is running dangerously low on bread, milk, cheese balls, and blood. 
I aim at ya walmart you targets
There is a guy at Walmart that has a legit Hitler mustache.. and a mowhawk.. plus he looks about 50
Ugh, gave u another try, worst checkouts ever  no more Walmart
CEO already confirmed Walmart! Just needs to be PRed!
QEDN   QEDN 
I liked a  YouTube video  15 Pilot Dash Cam from Walmart
I need to hit up Walmart
love going to walmart and seeing kids who dropped out last year. glad theyre doing well.
"This is John from Publisher's Clearing Zone. Listen, you get in car. Drive to Walmart. You have package waiting there." Well I'm convinced.
The Walmart in Durham looked just like this. 
dang  Walmart thanks for not having my order ready today before the snow storm, but it said my order was here online...
Walmart's Jet Purchases ShoeBuy via  YouTube 
 SermonsDomain nah think it was like  11. Walmart website is weird. It has 3rx party sellers on it. If it goes up For retail I'll tell u
Not as crazy as I feared... (at  Walmart Supercenter in Greenville, SC) 
Three arrested in Walmart purse snatchings 
Barbie & Monster High Dolls Just  2.50 at ... -  Clearance  Couponcommunity  Couponfamily… 
s/o to the lady that helped me get away from this dude at walmart who wouldnt leave me alone ✊🏾😂😂
Wtf is wrong with you calling himself "Gucci" looks like fucking Walmart Bitch ass. Never say this shit again unles… 
Connor just ran into me full force with a shopping cart in the middle of Walmart. I'm in pain.
I found it funny how my bf and i went to walmart for one thing and we come out with groceries
Fina be On my way! To Walmart taking this shit back hmm i wasnt playing 😒
Should I buy fake uggs at Walmart
 nicolekoskinas I agree with that, it should be harder to get a gun then simply just walking into fucking Walmart and getting a rifle.
WALMART MURDER: Dryden man to take third mental exam: Justin Barkley will undergo a third competency exam after the… 
Stanley Growler / Vacuum Pint Glass Bundle for  19 + pickup at Walmart - 
"WARNING; Insensitive people at the Walmart rant ahead. 

Last night I found myself sandwiched in line waiting to... 
Thanks  Walmart for the worst customer service I've experienced in the U.S.! 👍
Im going to meet Hasnaenae and Walmart tomorrow
eBay: 2013 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake TEDDY BEAR White Boy 20" Red/Black…  usa  teddybears… 
Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart 
Listening to Herbo heading to Walmart in uniform 😂
Good read. Sam’s Club CEO to leave  Walmart next month  via  WSJ
Me: I NEED to leave the house today and go to walmart
*notices that the high for the day is like 15°F* nvm
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB  Canada  Canbiz
Walmart was packed.
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Big  Mac®  Extra  Value  Meal  with  medium  coffee - Save  1.50 on Any  Extra... 
i am now sitting in the walmart parking lot waiting, ive never felt more unsafe
I just went to Walmart for the first time in like 2 years and I realized why I always go to Target instead.
 StewartPrest  Incilin yea, Wikileaks being anti leak is like Walmart being anti Mart or Burger King being anti burger.
Really thought I was bout to be waiting in line at Walmart for an hour when I first walked in. Too many folks in there.
In Walmart picking up everything my pawpaw told me I can't come with him nomore 😂
94 cents at Walmart and 88 cents on rollback! I get them all the time😛 
South Carolina woman's reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral via  WTKR3
South Carolina woman's reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral via  3onyourside
Everytime I go into Walmart I just remember some random girl I've never met deadass got on a knee and proposed to me
ubered to walmart to buy a  40 android and xbox1 & mortal kombat/GTA5, what is life anymore
STAR WARS The Black Series CASSIAN ANDOR 3.75 inch ROGUE ONE Walmart Exclusive 
 Rubaye_Gee Walmart lol for a good price too
Listen Walmart was packed like it was pride in there. Old lady was touching on my booty as I walked by. 
 justinlewd I thought you got it from Walmart
Photos released show hit-and-run incident at Round Rock Walmart  RoundRock  Texas
RRPD looking for driver who hit pedestrian in Walmart parking lot  RoundRock  Texas
Round Rock police searching for Walmart hit, run suspect  RoundRock  Texas
The Walmart on old national bruh 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
ok so uknow the walmart visa gift cards i have a  25 but my total is  30 so what will happen ??? will it ask me for secondary payment??
Does Walmart close if it snows??? 😅
self care is fighting your doppelganger in a walmart bathroom at midnight
Tomball Walmart murder suspect… 
 2a  nra  gunsense  florida The Armed Citizen: Woman shot at  Haines City  Walmart 
Aaah the rarities in life...like green bananas found at Walmart.
 daciemerollin  Ducks_N_Bucks19 Why not prevent a unwanted pregnancy? It only costs 8 dollars a month at Walmart
This lady at Walmart was really trying to get punched in her face ....
I liked a  YouTube video from  babycat1216 Walmart's Winter Beauty Box 2017
 JonFishin  RVAwonk Well Jon, do you support hand grenades being sold at Walmart? If not, why not?
Out of 14 aisles at Walmart, only four are open 😩  FirstWorldProblems
Found an unopened SlimJim in a Walmart parking lot... God is good
GIFT 'EM HUNT ADVENTURE! Ava and Brianna search  TOYSRUS and Walmart! via  YouTube  WALMART  VIDEOS  CUTEKIDS
hey  Walmart, my debit card no longer works at your stores. what gives?
*drives to Walmart in the snow for mozzarella cheese
This Walmart chicken from the deli so fye👌🏾
 aaleeyy they sell them at Walmart 😍😍 
*waits for her meds* 

she then said "i'm the 1st thing u see when u walk in the door" 

blessed are the walmart sh… 
 breeews_ I always wanted that job when I was at Walmart haha
Walmart out the way✔️
.  Walmart and  Jet acquire  shoebuy 

Everytime the blood drive bus is at Walmart I have a fresh tattoo🙄
 ReTweet  BabyFood  Beech Nut Classics Stage 1 Beef and Beef Broth 
 Walmart Farberware Triple Slow Cooker for  3.00?! Check Your Walmart! 
to the person in the walmart parking lot who scratched my car with what looked to be a cart, we are not friends 
My dawg 2livetank said the line at Walmart look like Saturday nights libraatl 🎥🌎😂 
I guess I'm taking my grandpa to Walmart 😂
 1RISING_KING we crushed your Walmart turn up ... easy 🤑🙌🏽 
I hope Walmart comes through for me, I'm on a mission fr.
All the information I know about celebrities comes from the magazines I read at Walmart while I'm waiting in line.
Visa-Walmart deal could mean higher fees for smaller merchants: CFIB via  xpress_local
Walmart Canada Coupons: Save 50 Cents On Annie’s Products *Printable Coupon* ^.^ only 1 day
 darien_kamikaze the Walmart by Almeda bro
 Retweet  BabyFood  Beech Nut Naturals Just Green Beans Stage 1 Baby 
Already did that.... 
 Walmart Why can't WM put the order thru over the phone (presuming u aren't "accidentally" disconnected) if they see it sitting in ur cart?
Fell on my face in a Walmart parking lot, then had to buy new pants bc mine were covered in slush. Happy Friday, y'all.  clumsykylie
Elsa the hard indigo seal from Walmart,
SCOOP: Sam’s Club Roz Brewer pitched a spinoff to Walmart's board as one option during her time as CEO via  WSJ  Walmart
Step on up chili pros.  Lets see what you got.  Hyvee and walmart are offering discounts to help defray some cost 
Canada's Visa-Walmart spat is over, and small businesses say they're worried now: 
Why? Only at sumiton Walmart 
 Walmart was playing Kanye's music & i couldn't be any more happier 😭
Walmart is frantic and it's a 1/2 inch on the ground if that
Been such a good year so far I even gave one of them fake homeless people at Walmart some money
There is some scary ass people in Walmart
FYI: Just went to Walmart. They are noticeably down on some items but aggressively restocking. Crowded to the... 
I need family dollar and Walmart.
We were only supposed to watch the Spurs game and we somehow ended up at brass then Walmart 🙄
Wal-Mart CEO: We’ll Be Shopping Very Differently in 10 Years 
And now the only times you see Madonna is occasionally on some Walmart magazine you read while you wait in line. 
Goals.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Red Oak, TX 
Wal-Mart CEO: We’ll Be  Shopping Very Differently in 10 Years via  josephjett 
Really don't think Walmart is where I'm supposed to be 👐🏽 I should quit , but I'll find something else first frfr
Need to go to Walmart because we need drinks but I don't wanna go out in the cold 😭
 Walmart Anyone else w/ongoing inability (2+wks) to place order thru WM photo site? Promised fix but not get it? Or followup but not get it?
Walmart Stalker Squirts His Semen At Women Using Syringe 
- Daily savings center - Your hottest offers of today at Walmart
"So where was the first place you went in Colorado?" "Oh we took a picture with the sign, went to Walmart, and then spent  240 on weed" 😅
Safavieh Cambridge Kyle Hand-Tufted Wool Area Rug  [ Save 87% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
walmart cashiers literally act like we have all the time in the world to wait on them to talk to each other
I always go to Walmart with the intentions of buying one or two things but end up leaving with 10.. 🙄
Wal-Mart buys Shoebuy for  70 million to bolster Via  IR_Magazine 
heard someone in Walmart say "there's emily caldwell" and then go on without saying hi 🤔 who r u
 Walmart So how come you guys aren't selling Rosca de Reyes? Same with the dry chiles?
 Seeking_Beta_69  RickCanton we wouldn't be able to afford any goods and WalMart will go bankrupt...the US largest employer.
 ICYMI  Walmart legal &  Goodwinlaw discuss why diversity matters and how you can start today: 
People at Walmart like the word gonna end I just want my damn brow pencil..
 JustinDeanXXX I was at Walmart earlier and everybody was bundled up while I was walking around in short sleeves, lol
Target & Walmart Beauty Clearance Haul! 
It's snowing!  We are so excited that we are giving away a  50 Walmart gift card. Good luck and stay warm! 
I liked a  YouTube video from  blastphamousm Top 15 HILARIOUS People Of Walmart Stories REACTION!
the walmart parking lot increases stupidity I swear to god
sometimes i remember that kim 
met got7 at walmart 
i kNOW they made a 2017 one direction calendar and i WILL find it goddamnit  Walmart
 NathanConstable  MentalHealthCop 3rd or 4th largest employer in world! Figures vary Walmart & Indian Railway Board bigger.
I have done amazing living a virtually carb free lifestyle this week then they were baking bread at Walmart &... 
Cheapest Generic Viagra & Best Prices For Viagra 100mg & Viagra Vs Cialis & Viagra Generic Walmart 
 Walmart order no 6211660-799913 placed in 2016 still missing no refund nor any action
 TheGorillaMama  Semperfibuckeye not even walmart will be that cost effective
Big 40oz Pine-Sol only  2.01 at Walmart! 
Walmart: SanDisk 16 GB USB Flash Drive 3-Pack Value Bundle Only  12.96 (Reg.  23.91)! 
If Walmart doesn't have any.
This lady at Walmart is literally returning a basket full of shit I'm gonna die
y'all, ya girl lost her car at Walmart 😂
Walmart is a scary place
When tf did Walmart start selling Jordan's in the first place?!?
My grandma thought the lingerie at Walmart was actual dresses😂😂
 SermonsDomain it's a Walmart exclusive
Lady at Walmart told me she'd never driven in snow but has driven through hurricanes. if you've driven through that, snow is nothing 😂😂
 Walmart needs to do an undercover boss at their customer service locations to see how awful 99% of their employees are! Unbelievable 😒😒
Kaylee just tried to use a Walmart gift card at chipotle. I am embarrassed from Florida.
I picked up some new slippers at Walmart today and I got an eShop card for A Link to the Past. 
Day 2 of  CES2017.  walmart eCommerce still attracting interest. Shout out to the  Jet crew, great meeting u at con… 
The things you find in  Walmart 
 Jalapeno_Biznis For Realz... just left Walmart at 2pm... PJ's Everywhere.  I'm SOooo... Confused.
 realDonaldTrump Yes, one man did make a difference, his name was Sam Walton! Walmart killed Manufacturing in America! Ignorant haters!
I don't know, FOUR shapes? This might be TOO wacky.   Walmart West Mifflin 
 nirasol1969  Conflicts  CNN how about you don't sell Guns in Walmart? How about restricting automatic machine guns? List goes on
 Walmart finally after waiting for over 15 minutes. Danny the dept manager came and helped us
 BrittanySpicer9 girl. Walmart.
(The Star): Walmart-Visa truce could mean higher fees:  CFIB : CFIB president says Visa.. 
Only 4/5 are talking about shrimp. Fresh fish is expensive. Walmart fish is not. 
. Walmart  EASPORTSNHL Crisis diverted
Totally devastated that  walmart shipped my daughters package to some random address not given
Bacon Wrapped BBQ Shrimp via  Walmart
Walmart packed up
Mongoose Men's 29" Hex Fitness Bike  89  Walmart  Mongoose 
Do walmart stay open 24 hours.
A new business held its Grand Opening this week inside the Mebane Walmart at 1318 Mebane Oaks... 
 jooooz i dont live there anymore...we can meet in that walmart plaza tho
 jakedoddy clearly the check out lady at Walmart?
Pretty sure I startled a few people at Walmart cuz of how shitty I look right now.
currently crop dusting  Walmart.
I swear Walmart hires anyone & everyone
 CVRM3N  JesseBruuh Walmart don't do it anymore :-(
 mrsfrancini We're sorry to hear that. They go fast. Have you seen what we have at -Dee
 TiffLOBtCh 😂 they in Walmart they ain't high mines was like 12
Damn Walmart packed asf lol
This lady at Walmart just put her face in my bag of cilantro to "smell" it
Should've went to Walmart and get my cookies
It might sn❄️w tonight. Schools closed early and bread is sold out at Walmart. Just another… 
This. Stranger courageously steps in to defend foster mom being mocked at Walmart
 ToddOnFranchise I saw Val and Amy Castor at Pauls valley Walmart, but I didn't think it would be appropriate to break out the flask.
South Carolina woman’s reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle goes viral  Utah
Yo Walmart got new Marketside stuff and it looks good af
asked a Walmart worker where pens were and just asked for what...STABBING EVERYONE IN THIS STORE SINCE ITS CHANGED AND I CANT FIND ANYTHING
 ashiefaith_ I had to drive to Cookout and Walmart during a blizzard last year. It was slicker than snot.
 Heartless_Grizz That Walmart job huh GIMMIE SHIT!!!
I've been in Walmart for an hour and a half therefore I'm scared to check out😳🤦🏾‍♂️
 Jasssyv_ the moisturizer is from shea moisture &a you can get it at target. &a the oil you can get from publix, Winn Dixie or Walmart
I need to go to Walmart, but I already know it's probably packed af for no reason🙄
 MaryEatsBerries to Walmart we go 😜😂
 Skylers_MOM idk if Walmart still do banners in the lab. U May could make something shake there.
International Foods on  Yelp: I really like coming here for meats. They have low priced meats compared to Walmart, … 
Guys. Walmart is out of bread. The snowpocalypse is here.  QuintGreen
 Theshells1111  molly_knight  realDonaldTrump Then you'll be happy to know when he starts a nuclear war,we won't have to worry about Walmart
 bebesupreme I got mine from Walmart. They also have deals for them on Groupon (if you don't need them immediately.)
So 2 days in a row now I got screwed over on online orders. Thanks a lot Walmart & Mattel Shop for doing crappy jobs & sending wrong items
Nigga those prices are higher than flight club tf is this shit  Walmart 😑😑😑 
Micro fleece  hoodies are perfect for  winter layering! :) 
 Walmart ok thank you
Everyone and their mother is at walmart buying essentials for this 2 in. snow we're expecting tomorrow that's not gonna happen
 sillyduck69 Walmart 🤙🏽
 BennieVelez We're here to help. If you need further assistance, don't hesitate to tweet us. -Dee
Walmart's Just Acquired A Boston Ecommerce Pioneer For  70M... 
I liked a  YouTube video Clown at Walmart
Look at this weather & Walmart still expects me to be there at 6:30.... I hate them🙄
 Moto_Support I bought a baby monitor and it broke in 3 won't take it back and you charge 150 to send a replacement
Need hi-res photos of alcohol? Try Walmart or Total Wine's websites  graphicdesignhacks
i love nickelodeon costco walmart — doesnt he play jammie dodger bannister? 
A little snow action in the AC today. Late run to Walmart with  CoachDiege
Georgia is so dramatic, people at Walmart shopping acting like it's just about to be the worst storm, the kids out of school early 😂
Way too high to be in Walmart rn
i be seeing the wildest shit at walmart
 paulcherry69 Oh my! Looks frustrating. We hope the rest of your shopping trip goes well. -Dee
So I saw this Que at Walmart...
Swear you can't take me and  bmcneely_39 into Walmart without buying the whole store 😂
Walmart sell them. 
I liked a  YouTube video KILLER CLOWNS RUN AROUND WALMART!
Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M via  BI_RetailNews
Athletic Works Women's French Terry Hoodie for  7 + pickup at Walmart - 
I HATE going into Walmart🙄
Walmart customer blames Harvey store for injuries  
Why is when you go to Walmart you always see someone you know 😂
I thought I got everything from Walmart looked in my bags and realized I didn't get no shower curtains 😭
Cost Cialis & Free Cialis & Cialis 30 Day Trial Offer & Prices for Cialis at Walmart & Buy Cialis Online 
That elusive Walmart Double-Pack of Shantae and Mighty Switch Force is on eBay now. - 1 left from this seller!… 
Got honked at by two different cars in the Walmart parking lot.... is my fly open? Do I look like death? Was I your waitress?
The snow storm is impending in my small Virginia town so it's time to go to Walmart and fight for bread and milk.
I do not shop here anyway. Poo-poo on Walmart. 
 PoCBeauty where the hell did they do their shopping? Walmart charges twice as much for chicken and for corn alone!
WHY is walmart so damn packed 🙄
 ryngutierrez  yak_face  rebelscumnews  JediBusiness - seems to happen more frequently at Walmart. No punishment being handed out?
 PRT  CarSeat  Safety 1st onBoard 35 Air Infant Car Seat 
Thank you Walmart for the  .97 Titans Return figures!
I love going to Walmart every Friday no sarcasm there 🙄  no
 _DEactivate walmart was out of em😕
 darlene_160 This is't the service we strive to provide. Have you received assistance w/the paint yet? -Dee
I know it's Walmart but literally everyone here is hot as fuck. Explain...
If I went to school with you years and years ago and we haven't spoke and you see me at the local Walmart, leave me alone
Walmart LurkkkHead Buyin Woods 
 JimNorton found this in the bargain bin at Walmart a few years ago.  Gonna watch it again in your honor 
Woman posts hilarious reaction to empty Walmart bread aisle after southern snowstorm 
SNOW. IT'S SNOW. ACTUALLY ACTUAL SNOW   Walmart Hurst 
 nourq20 dude was abt to be in the Walmart hall of fame
Best full rss feed generator  bloggers  SeoTricks Walmart's Just Acquired a Boston…
Walmart New Years Fitness Sale - Up to 56% off Weights, Treadmills and more 
Stg if one more person cuts me off in this Walmart we fightin😤
chanel vs. walmart  danisnotonfire 
 askkristen do you prefer walmart,kmart or target?
Walmart to start accepting Visa cards at Manitoba, Thunder Bay stores again
I'll hit Walmart today since roads ain't bad like yesterday
 Steve_Marquez Thanks for the positive tweet. Glad to hear you received the assistance you needed. -Dee
My mama want me to go to Walmart in this cold as, barely snowing ass weather.
 EricPMA  JakeNbakeX wait why were we at Walmart?
whenever i see how people drive in the walmart parking lot i get flashbacks to egypt
First big date of the year!  pwles and I doing some grocery shopping.  SamsClub and  Walmart  Romance2017
The campus bookstore tho..hell you gotta go to the Sallys or walmart by westover just to get black products at WVU 😂 
came to Walmart and bout bought the damn store 🙄
Walmart New Years Fitness Sale - Up to 56% off Weights, Treadmills and more  SportingGoods
What does Walmart feel like
Probably picked the worse day to go shopping for random ass things at Walmart 🙂
 austindupree_5  Qhand10 false I called you when I got to your house and you said at Walmart so I just went home to go feed
Walmart New Years Fitness Sale - Up to 56% off Weights, Treadmills and more 

Top Coupons

Extra 20% off up to 3 L… 
 _wwalker09 yes! I saw you one day in uniform in Walmart lol
Every  Walmart in MIAMI is a death trap
Walmart Canada Coupons: Save 50 Cents On Annie’s Products *Printable Coupon* 
 delfivale514 reasons why Walmart is better than target they price match and no one looks at u funny when u go in pj at 3 in the afternoon
Hows Walmart? — I am currently in the stuffed animal bin with An, while Pearl and Cel go do their own thing. So I … 
Just saw Terry Davis at Walmart, and what was he wearing this cold day? Shorts🙄  leannanicoledav
Boston-based e-commerce site ShoeBuy acquired by 
 darmogoyf  RyanKainec77  CreamyJohnson  Kainofury  DocHolliday360 Macedonia Walmart should have a bunch of crystal.
 Hez_Pez I think we got ours at the Walmart in Marquette. Looking for a weekend vacation? I highly recommend the Beef-a-roo for lunch
Walmart, Visa call truce 
Henderson Walmart stupid packed. Knew I should've just gone to the one in Oxford 😐
 Eggmanstudiosig  markyj71  SmMarwood  StewartGardiner  futureotforce  UKToyCollector  ponygal1986 walmart has no clue😞
I'm in jersey anybody need something from Walmart ?
 codedcontainer You may view the terms and conditions of Walmart Gift Cards at We hope this helps. -Dee
when 5 employees walk past you and ignore you the answer is to chase one down. Obviously paging for help is something they fear.  Walmart
 MLTville we need to buy another suitcase at Walmart here. Yes they are here
Wal-Mart unit Sam's Club CEO to retire next month 
 kurteichenwald  PriscillaAnew they should compare the plight of Walmart employees and Costco employees and respective stock prices.
Walmart cold no matter how cold it is outside 😡
Walmart New Years Fitness Sale - Up to 56% off Weights, Treadmills and more: Walmart New Years Fitness Sale - Up to 56% off Weights,…
Walmart is a terrible place to work for lmao I'm ready to graduate
What Walmart can I find him at ? 👀 
The Walmart on Lindbergh be cracking 😂😂 yo ass can find joints in there
 beefsandwitch my coworker did it at walmart!
Business.at Walmart is going to be slow toiorrow. :(
There's a girl brushing her teeth in the Walmart bathroom rn😳
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in North Miami Beach, FL 
U.S. House bill wants  GMO salmon's market name changed  US_FDA  Alaska_Seafood… 
tf do u mean i cant ice skate in walmart?
Wish the Walmart sold liquor too
Idc if I'm going to wipe ass at work or if I'm going to wipe the floor with these cunts at walmart my eyeliner better be sharp as FUCK
You know those poles in front of Walmart? Yeah, Indy walked right into one of those.
man,  walmart you arrange these letters very strangely... 
So going to Walmart to look for shirts and Amiibos. I might do laundry tomorrow so I can go to my Pokemon adventure on Sunday.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Garfield, NJ 
 mikepretz Hi Mike. Thanks for reaching out. Please contact your local Walmart store directly.
All of Lincoln county is in Walmart. Wearing camo. Buying bread and milk.
BUSINESS AS USUAL, YET NO RIOTS, FIRE BOMBING, PROTESTS? NADA !  LET ONE HOMEY SLIP IN A WALMART AND ITS WW3 !!!
 eriinsalazar Walmart!!
Mixtapes you get from Walmart parking lot are the best way to get your snow off your window !
4am cap team 1 at Walmart sounds crazy but it's better than 2-11
 MegaKewlie how the actual fuck.... it's Walmart so I don't see how it couldn't happen but we haven't gotten anything where I'm at. Yet....
 carlpdavis More importantly, Walmart benefits from forcing all to collect. They can handle the administration while others can't.
 vudufans drop the price of  TheAccountant to  14.99 and I'll buy it  Walmart
 stephengomes89  Jaymes_DeWitte  cooking_spirit  ThisSucks2017  LucyAppa  digitalbrain242 you say as you tweet from Walmart.  Dumbass
myAppliances->Publishers Weekly's best-selling books - Baraboo News Republic… 
this dude rode around Walmart in a bike then came up to me and was like "idk why I'm here I'm on acid right now" 💀 ask me y I hate Walmart
 jhw_einberg There's no difference between baggage claim and a mall. Unless you want metal detectors to go to Walmart there's 1 solution
In Walmart walking down the candy aisle so happy I don't have to buy a valentine day gift this year
 idatchica87 TRU, Walmart and Amazon!
 JuliaKVize Hi Julia. Thanks for reaching out. Please contact your local Walmart store directly.
 carlpdavis Plus, I suspect bricks and mortar stores other than Walmart avoid tax collection in every state possible.
Grocery shopping in busy ass walmart🤕🙄
 Miss90s 1-3 inches for southern states is tragic, lol for us that's normal. Saw SC lady freaking out over no bread at Walmart. hehe
You Will Not Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
Everybody and they Mother in Walmart if you see me don't say hi. Thanks. 😂
i need to go to walmart but i'll prob go tomorrow or some
People watching at Chipotle is on par with Walmart.
People trying to get groceries at Walmart before snow hits. 
 Walmart  TXN  MON options have the largest change in price. Free options screener. 
 Walmart Visa Inks Deal with Wal-Mart, Lifts Credit Card Ban in Canada 
 DJIA WKLY Best performing  NKE  V  DIS  PFE  UTX Worst  TRV  XOM  Walmart  MCD  CVX  HD  DOW20K,  DD  GE  CSCO  Intel… 
You Can Be A Stock Market Genius by Joel Greenblatt:  SPY  STX  VLO  WDC  Apple  Google  Walmart
 Walmart Business Highlights 
My Top 5 Books on Investing in Stocks:  stocks  investing  SPY  Apple  AMZN  DIA  MSFT  Walmart
It's Amazon And Nobody Else With Online Christmas Sales  BBY  TGT  Walmart  AMZN
BLOCK SUMMARY: [2017-01-06] : [  Walmart ] : Total Volume[500,000] : Cumulative Avg[ 68.18] : Day Close[ 68.26]  Walmart
 Walmart  VZ:

Dow narrowly misses touching 20000 by about 6 cents:


RECAP 1/6 -Neg Comments:
 CYNO - N Coast
 FTNT - OTR
 INFY - CLSA
 LIVE - Mox
 CRAY - Hallum
 Walmart - Clev
 CACC - Pres Pt
 TEVA - Maxim
News:  WalMart  Walmart expands online reach with  ShoeBuy acquisition 
 Walmart and  VZ are crashing the  Dow 20K Party! 
Dow stocks today (that's  Walmart n  V gumming up the works on the Dow 20,000 on the far right in the visualization lol) 
Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart 
SCOOP: Sam’s Club Roz Brewer pitched a spinoff to Walmart's board as one option during her time as CEO via  WSJ  Walmart
Who will step up to challenge  AMZN? Not  Walmart, not  Macys. Will it be  BoeingBoeing? Seems to me that no one is up for the… 
 DJIA, now at 19980.04,

could get to 20K if:

 Walmart rose  3.24,

a market cap increase of  10.0 billion

 Dow20K 
Wal-Mart, Costco and others face higher tax bills under plan to eliminate deductions for imported goods.  Walmart  COST… 
BlackRock Advisors LLC Increases Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 Walmart Walmart's Sam's Club CEO Brewer Retiring With Mixed Track Record 
 AMZN  M  KSS  Walmart:

Fmr. Wal-Mart US CEO: Technology is Changing the Retail Platform:


 Walmart:

IBM And Wal-Mart Go Toe-To-Toe In The Wild Card Round:


Here is how Sam's Club did on departing CEO Brewer's watch  retail  Walmart  leadership 
IBM And Wal-Mart Go Toe-To-Toe In The Wild Card Round  Walmart  IBM
 Walmart Is GoPro Banking on Karma Again to Drive Future Revenue? 
Retailers Risk Multibillion-Dollar Earnings Hit Under GOP Tax Plan - WSJ  HD  Walmart  BBY  COST  DKS  GPC
Where's today's bearish money flowing?  REGN  TEVA  T  VZ  XOM  INFY  Walmart  ABX  SNY  NEM 
 VZ  Walmart biggest slackers as  DJI  DOW flirts with 20K
Just ticks away from  Dow20k here are  DIA leaders/laggards

 DIS  GS  NKE  MCD  V  MSFT  Apple doing heavy lifting… 
Amazon’s dominance shows up in the jobs report  AMZN  marketwatch  BBY  Walmart  amazon
Food retail stocks seen under pressure in 2017  KR  Walmart 
Business LOTP update: FoxBusiness: Dow Laggards: 
 Walmart
 VZ
 DD  busniess  news
BLOCK TRADE:  Walmart 500,000 shares    68.18 [11:56:04]  BlockTradeAlert
BLOCK: [11:56:04] :  Walmart :  68.18 : 500,000  Walmart
businessinsider: Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart 
Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart < >
BI_RetailNews: Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart 
businessinsider: Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart  BSAFunds  MerchantCashAdvance
Business LOTP update: businessinsider: Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart  busniess  …
 Google businessinsider Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart 
Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart by  BIIntelligence 
 LaMonicaBuzz  TFEShow  WRKO680 O believe both  SHLD &  M need to aggressively invest more in the e-commerce departments.  Walmart has done that
 Walmart should be on high alert. won't save them in E/Mcom.  AMZN at top & bottom of the marke… 
Walmart and Visa declare truce in battle over credit card fees:  V,  Walmart  MA,  AXP, 
'Don't Want to See More Turnover' at Walmart: More Squawk From Jim Cramer  Walmart 
The  Retail Recession is Real  AMZN  BBY  TGT  Walmart  M  APPL 
10:43 ET Volume Leader  77 - Walmart 2,393,771 Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 68.18 -1.03 -1.49% High today of 68.77 day low 
 Walmart:

Sam’s Club CEO to Leave Wal-Mart Next Month:


Nothing Can Stop the Amazon Stock Freight Train  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  JWN  WSM  retail… 
 KarlEggerss Will be interesting when  Walmart reports earnings. Maybe some babies being thrown out with the bath water.
BlackRock Investment Management LLC Decreases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 Walmart:

Amazon’s dominance shows up in the jobs report:


BlackRock Inc. Increases Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 Walmart could offer massive short sale if access to cheap Asian goods gets cut off in a trade war. 
Live Analysis of  Walmart Streaming LIVE! Watch NOW! -->  
 sam38g Wall thing: Apparently Trumphole is too stupid to understand that if US builds 50' wall, just go to local  Walmart n get 51' ladder
 Options  maxpain chart for  Walmart. Free stock station app  iTunes 
Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. vs. Lowe’s Companies, Inc.  COST  LOW  Walmart  HD 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.’s (Walmart) Acquires ShoeBuy for  70M  Walmart… 
Sam's Club CEO to retire  Walmart  sitifatimah  malaysia  financialplanning
MarketCurrents: Sam's Club CEO to retire  Walmart
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart names John Furner CEO of Sam’s Club, replacing …:


Sam's Club CEO to retire  Walmart
First big retail CEO departure of 2017- Roz Brewer out at Sam's Club  wmt
 AMZN bigger than most brick n mortal retailers put together!
 Walmart  SHLD  BBY  M  JCP  KSS  JWN… 
 Walmart:

New SEC Filing for Walmart: Form 8-K (No. 0000104169-17-000002):


We calculated 63-day Expected Return of  Walmart for you: -3.34% 
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart’s Sam’s Club unit chief to retire next month:


 Walmart:

Wal-Mart (Walmart) CEO of Sam’s Club to Resign; Names John Furner …:


 Walmart 72 Puts BUYING Activity expiring on 3rd Feb, Vol 1022
 Walmart Cleveland Research out suggesting holiday sales might have under-performed 
 Walmart: WAL MART STORES INC filed a form 8-K 
 V  Walmart declare truce!
Trump Rally Took A Break - Cramer's Mad Money (1/5/17)  MBLY  NVDA  BX  BOX  Walmart  TGT  AMZN  M  KSS  JWN  EXPR  LE
 V (+0.2% pre) Wal-Mart  Walmart and Visa Agree on Terms in Dispute Over Canadian Stores - WSJ


Retail stocks  GPS,  Walmart,  WFM,  AEO, and  URBN are all near key Fibonnaci levels 
Top Buy Stocks:  EBoeingY,  BX,  HBI,  ITUB,  SYMC,  Walmart  
BlackRock Fund Advisors Has  1,437,561,000 Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Walmex is 25% of top line & 23% of  Walmart operating profit 
 CHINA PLANS SCRUTINY of U.S. Firms If  Trump Starts Feud  Apple  Boeing  QCOM  WYNN  GM  Walmart - BLOOMBERG 
 Walmart Cautious commentary on Mad Money show 
Wal-Mart purchases ShoeBuy for  70 million  retail  ecommerce  Walmart  MandA
Border tax seen as a profit headwind for major retailers  premarket  Walmart  COST  GPC  BBY  sitifatimah  malaysia  f…
 Walmart  COST  GPC  BBY  HD:

Border tax seen as a profit headwind for major retailers:


MarketCurrents: Border tax seen as a profit headwind for major retailers  premarket  Walmart  COST  GPC  BBY
Border tax seen as a profit headwind for major retailers  premarket  Walmart  COST  GPC  BBY
 Walmart  AMZN Amazon + Zappos, Jet + ShoeBuy...get it? 
Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
 Walmart  MAT:

The Next 10 Companies Trump Will Trash on Twitter:


 jimcramer How do we play  Walmart and  TGT?  Sell, sell, sell those too?
 ICNB.0136-  1-MOST-READ-i-HUB-board! 197,000-reads! Watch Video  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY   
Is Walmart (Walmart) Still a Dependable Stock for Defensive Investors?  stocks  Walmart
 Walmart Retailers Face Multibillion-Dollar Earnings Hit Under GOP Tax Plan 
 Never stop  believing in  yourself.  ChangeTheWorld  YouCanDoIt  cvx  mrk  cmcsa  txn  wmt  CES2017
 wmt  m ratio vs  SPX BULLA AREA MOMO... NOT GOOD FOR STOCKS... 
Wal-Mart greeter hit with stun gun after asking for customer receipt  Walmart 
 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:0.22% Weekly:-0.07% YTD:0.13% Trend:28 / 100  
Davidson & Garrard Inc. Raises Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Why Moats Matter: The Morningstar Approach to Stock Investing:  SPY  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart
Rathbone Brothers plc Decreases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 Read my JBP review - following his stock alerts I made  50K !!  BBY  FSLR  Walmart  WNR
titan  retail battle /Walmart Canada, Visa declare truce in credit card fee dispute /via  globeandmail  Walmart
 amzn  wmt doesn't look good for brick and mortar 
 ICNB - Incredible- 200,000 Msg Brd Reads!  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S  GOOG… 
 AKS Percent Change Updated Thursday, January 5, 2017 9:15:20 PM  WARM  GENE  NPTN  Walmart 
Sam Walton: Made In America by Sam Walton:  Walmart  COST  SHLD  walmart
 stockchartscom SMA looks different vs other chart services, eg  Walmart 200  is over the 50 on all but your site.  You do something different?
 Walmart Wal-Mart and Visa Agree on Terms in Dispute Over Canadian Stores 
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart Is Going All In Against Thefts:


BluegrassCap: Wal-Mart Reaches Deal With Visa to End Credit-Card Ban in Canada  V  Walmart
Wal-Mart Reaches Deal With Visa to End Credit-Card Ban in Canada  V  Walmart
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart and Visa Agree on Terms in Dispute Over Canadian Stores:


