What did the fake news folks do before the Internet? Oh, right... They were the ones buying all those tabloids in Walmart checkout lines.
Never thought Id be speechless walkin' out of  Walmart - thanks  wizkhalifa 😂 Naturally I bumped Deal or No Deal for my mom on the way home.
 sotrue   Walmart Norristown - S Trooper Rd 
I haven't been to the Walmart in Hammond in ages so imagine my surprise when I see that they're turning that area into a shopping center.
WALMART.
someone just " swoowoo" and " Aye girl " me at walmart 💀💀💀 wtf
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 4/30/2017 
 Walmart You know who can't party? Bob, who you fired because a wild turkey got into your store.
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I know anybody who lives by the Walmart on Walnut Creek? Wanna make  50 ???
An online brand success story 
My pants are absolutely disgusting & im in Walmart right now like I don't have a mom who would whoop me out for looking like this in public
Shit, even the Walmart tabloids are talking crap on Trump.
going to Walmart is a constant dip n dodge of everyone I know
This was the story at our Walmart today! 😂😂😂 
Former Assist Manager at Laurel, MD Walmart charged with Staging  400,000 store robbery in which he was shot &... 
en walmart
 fedoragoose I walked to Walmart that was 70 minutes away one time it was nice super exciting
Walmart in Irvington being Walmart in Irvington
I just entered to win a  10 WalMart Gift Card....you can Enter too!! 
 Walmart my grocery pickup order was nearly 3 hours late and incomplete and they told me to come back Monday. Great work.
 coreycrwford I want to say I've seen them at Walmart before. If I find them anywhere I'll let you know!!
and the guy wouldn't stop talking so when I cashed out I turned around and got real quiet and said "i don't work for walmart, sir."
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
So I'm at the unhappiest place on earth (Walmart) and the lady in line is having a really hard time with the chip... 
 BLUpfront Citizens United Undisclosed funding, Corporate Tax breaks, Walmart, Apple, United Airlines? No Trumps taxes SMH
Currently at Walmart struggling to decide which impopster I want to buy... I think i'm going to choose riddler  funkofam  funkopop  struggle
The creatures that you find in the Herkimer Walmart are truly something special
Win a  25 Walmart GC + a copy of HEIDI over  thereviewwire! Ends 4/16  HeidiFilm  movies 
 eikkoP this is the fabric selection at canadian walmart 😠 
Can anyone explain to me why Walmart would import Cocoa Cola made in Mexico to the US? 
 Iz_king_Dj Was at Walmart
I complained about the roseville walmart too hard... I would go back there so fast if I could :-(
Wal-Mart Is Considering Buying This Online Fashion Retailer 
Why is  Walmart buying up brands? 
I'm at Walmart in San Antonio, TX 
 alexa_mcbride I got mine at Walmart and they have sweat and dirt and alcohol on them and they STILL stick 😂😂
my phone is 1% & I'm stranded at Walmart because I bought a bike and I brought my dads big ass truck and eh DIDNT TELL ME THE TRUNK WASFULL
I much rather have sex in a Walmart restroom than go to  coachella
I think  Costco is where you go to prepare for the  apocalypse, and  Walmart is where you go to feel disappointed about who survived.
I think this chick tried to cut me off in line at Walmart. I'm just trying to buy propane. 😐
 MelissaLDork Oh no! Our apologies, Melissa. If you're still interested, you can find Grumpy Cat Plush here: -Tammi
Couldn't resist the opportunity to take a picture when Nana and I saw the Easter Bunny at Walmart in Hartsville… 
Walmart is in advanced discussions to buy online men’s fashion retailer Bonobos, news site Recode reported on... 
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos:  DelRey via  Recode
Last Easter We got into it at Walmart 😂 Not This Easter I anit going for it 😩
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
Went to Walmart to get pickles, spent  50... and forgot my damn pickles 🙃
wife and I took our business to Wegmans, you guys at Walmart are always so nasty and the place is never clean and besides you're taking
 Bonobos acquisition by  Walmart ?? Noooooooo 😕
 whiteknukcles Ya Kroger has it, ion shop   Walmart
 Walmart Just left Bristol, VA. store. Just opened Tennessee Pride Natural Sausage and was obviously spoiled. Called. Hung up on me.
Help Wanted Job at Walmart Supercenter / United States  UnitedStates  Jobs  JobSeekers  Employment  Recruiting  Hi…
 Chip_Daddy Yea, like today I was itching to go to six flags. But as usual nobody be around 😭😭 so I went to Walmart instead lmao
Found in Wooster Walmart  NortheastOhioRocks 
 lexilainemartin And we 💙 you back! -Brian
I am fed up with this line at Walmart. Just about to go home empty handed
 ashleybnicholas  Caress  Walmart Hi Ashley, I can't get the link from your blog post to work for the quiz. Can you send it to me? xo
I need the level of humility my cousin has. Homeboy gets excited over Walmart lol
 ShihTzuOnYou2 HEAD TO WALMART AND GRAB IT FOR LIKE  5 SO THAT NOTHING WILL BE WRONG WITH YOU
 SonicTheMemehog the walmart here has an off brand dippin dots machine and its So Good
Just watching the vlog at Walmart 😂  RomanAtwood  _little_britt_ 
I SPENT THE DAY WITH MY DAUGHTER, MY GRANDCHILD, IN WALMART!

WHERE'S MY PURPLE HEART...
 SatisfySez I'm SD rn boi ima go to Walmart and fuck up all the aisles so u clean it up
Well.. that'll be my last purchase  Bonobos if that happens... via  Recode
Nothing like standing in line for 35 minutes to check out.  Thanks  Walmart in Pooler, Ga.😡
I've just the worst walmart shopping experience ever!!!!  Walmart I will never shop there again. THANKS FOR RUINING MY BoeingBIES FIRST EASTER!
 dwtsrebekah Yep - just tweet back at us.👍 -Brian
Back home in good ole Logansport for Easter. This place is always crazy busy.
Almost 10 people in Walmart just now. Could barely move.
stepping out tonight with the Walmart girls lol😂😂  AllysonNicoleA
 iambeckyg  PowerRangersMovie  YellowRanger action figure I saw at Walmart! 😃😁👍✌️💛  awesome 
 waylon_o The only one that I've seen have ONE in stock was Walmart in Malden a few weeks ago.
haley just ran over me with the cart im walmart
When you go to to Walmart for a gallon of milk, and end up with a full cart lol 
Sir/Ma'am? Imma need you to move your car out of the Walmart parking lot. This is such a lie at… 
Every time I come in Walmart, I catch somebody staring. Never fails 💀
At walmart and every aisle we went through Mele said 'I want ____' and after we were done she said 'I WANT EVERYTHING'😂😂😂annoying lul girl
I just lost my mom at fucking Walmart I'm so pissed
 Sketchmazoid I would always see the fake geek glasses for like, 5 bucks at Walmart, haha. And yeah, *now* kids don… 
"What big eyes you have. What crazy hair you have!"  It would appear Walmart knows StarQuest is… 
Havin a rough day? Go to walmart right now.
Every town has one extra ghetto Walmart
Spent  20 on my "Easter outfit" at walmart because I left all my summery clothes at school 😬😂
How a tax plan unites progressives, the Koch brothers and Walmart: “It would encourage…  fdecausans.free.fr
I don't even work at Walmart anymore, and I still did a safety sweep.
 MichelleRindels Do the insurance company required coverage bills include self-funded health plans like Walmart and… 
 PascaleDucassy  Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire  online men’s  retailer  Bonobos by  Recode  ecommerce
 candypie22 That IS awesome, Kimberly!  lucky -Brian
If you go to Walmart on a Saturday you're guaranteed to see someone you know
Police State Easter Basket at your local Walmart, because nothing says Easter like your kid covered in SWAT gear, j… 
Driving selfie while waiting for Mom to get out of walmart and listening to  DAVEYSUICIDE 
I'm at  Walmart in Choctaw, OK 
It was a class of 2016 reunion in Walmart tonight 😂
I need more people to do walmart and mcdonalds runs with
 BrandyLuvli that's depressing. but I've tried the walmart brand too. I don't like a lot of fancy stuff.
I hate people who use the electric scooter at walmart just because they're fat and walking around a store is too much work.
I fucking hate coming to Walmart with my mom she like a lost dog
I got my hair cut at the Walmart.  SpringBreak
Polygraph News Post ....... 
Why tf does every dude with a lifted truck show them off in walmart parking lots
Enter now!  Follow, Fav + Retweet to win a Walmart percy-doffing Compressed Earwig Pin (GB) 
 SkyhookArt DAMN, THIS SMART SHOPPER 🤑dem walmart deals 🤑
Professor sues Walmart over 'clean toilets' description new  EMM
In-laws got mad because I didn't want to go to Walmart with them  not a people person, rather stay here & play fallout lmao  sorrynotsorry
Hi  Mattel I purchased these from  Walmart neither figure comes with what's advertised Dolph isn't even Dolph. 
STOP BUYING LAST MINUTE EASTER GIFTS. 
I HATE ALL YOU FUCKING PROCRASTINATERS.   WALMART WE LITERALLY SET UP THIS SHIT MONTHS IN ADVANCE.
Why do all these 7 year olds have iPhones? I was happy if I got a Barbie for  5 at Walmart like ???
 brian_lives Got a pretty solid one at Walmart
 Walmart where does this exist at ive never seen this before 
 lonesiekarp also dispose of the bat not at Denny's, it'll infect it. Best location is another Walmart or the home of your opponent
I'm at Walmart in New Iberia, LA 
In-laws got mad because I didn't want to go to Walmart with them 😂 not a people person, rather stay here & play fallout lmao  sorrynotsorry
I hate shopping at Walmart, it's a fucking nightmare
  WALMART.....The Lockport store is packed with only 5 registers open! What is really going on.
 StarWars Star Wars: Rogue One - Walmart Exclusive Action Figure Set (3 pack) (3.75") 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Texarkana, TX 
Gonna be late streaming tonight! Heading to walmart to grab a few things + vodka 
We only get 15 minute breaks at Walmart but gotta know I'm finna finesse for a good 30 maybe 45 😎
Walmart and Chanel went driving today  amberrthiell ❤️❤️ 
I'm at Walmart Carretera Sur 
I need to run to Walmart for Easter candy and caprisun juices.
This guy tried to talk to me in Walmart I looked down in his cart & buddy had roach spray and rat traps in his cart sir gone on head
I will never understand why Walmart only has 5 out 30 registers open on any given day
"You never know who you might run in to at Walmart" said the Easter Bunny!   whowouldathunkit… 
 jongdaze GOD...I worked then I got home and fell asleep then I went to Walmart and now I ate Mac and cheese..How's the internet
There was just an Easter bunny at Walmart and it came up and tried to give Madelyn a piece of candy and she smacked it out of its hand 😂
Not sleeping well? Ashwagandha helps promote restful relaxation. Shop at  Walmart.  Ashwagandha  Health… 
Wtf everyone's at Walmart
Scrubbing Bubbles as LOW as  1.58 at Homeland & Walmart! 
Glade Room Spray at Walmart for  0.73 with Coupons 
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men's retailer Bonobos
 Walmart
Honestly, if you hangout with me.. you're going to have fun. I don't care if we just take a trip to Walmart. 😂
I like how Champion brand used to be sold at Walmart now all of a suddens shits like  60??? Are you dead ass serious???
 walmart the day before  easter  endofdays
People are fucking crazy during Easter, but that might be because I work at walmart 🙃
Walmart partners with to launch Asda in China  via  thedrum
 kaitly_n bodysuit is from American Apparel and the flannel is from the kids section in Walmart 😂 thank you pretty lady!!! 💕
 VuduFans  Walmart  VuduFans  TweetMandrake  Walmart It was a  25 GC of which  16 was left. Have never received a p… 
I know I'm back home when I want to go to Walmart for fun
I'm like hiding in Walmart bathroom because 3 boys my age are chasing after me 😂
*wears jeans and makeup to walmart* *empty aisles* 
*literally rolls out of bed in a hurry and only changes pants* *sees everyone i know*
walmart outsold just by the looks, legends only 
I'm at McDonalds in Walmart in Williams Lake, bc w/  missshelbyv  misterdalev 
Just had the Walmart greeter tell me we no longer have hand baskets because the spring breakers fuCKING STOLE THEM ALL
"What do you wanna do now?" 
"Idk u wanna go to Walmart?" 
"Yeah let's go" 
 livinginindiana
I was walking in Walmart and this random girl came up to me and told me I'm beautiful. She will never know how much that made my day ❤️
what the fuck you think this is, walmart lay-away?
 Walmart your parents choice diapers gave my two year old a severe chemical burn! You should look into this asap 
I gotta stop coming to walmart. Been spending way too much money here lately 😩
I liked a  YouTube video Man Shopping For Headphones In Walmart And Was Followed Around By Security!
Walmart, Lowe's, any retail store on Easter weekend.... it is nuts.
 Earl_59 Problem: if people in San Fran wont spend a nickel for a Walmart bag how will they spend with 23% markup?  flattax or  1999 plz.
Off to Walmart for rubbermaids.... 😅
Bruhhhh here in jersey there Walmart had kids underwear and socks for  1 you know I cleaneddddddd up 😂😭 never have enough underwear
 bryanlicious2 I saw your mom driving at Walmart
I would get talked to about my behavior in a Walmart

I feel pretty trashy
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
I am totally regretting not seeing Pauly D when he was at the Walmart a couple years back
Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat 
I wanna go to the park, smoke & walk & go eat but instead I'm sitting in the parking lot of Walmart 🙄
 meljmcd  LouiseMensch  LouiseMensch not native to the US has NO IDEA how radically stupid America has become. Goog… 
75¢ Skittles Easter Candy at Walmart! ~Last Call for  Easter!! 

Go Here -->>   
75¢ Skittles Easter Candy at Walmart! ~Last Call for  Easter!! -  coupons  free  htsff… 
I liked a  YouTube video HIT OR MISS? WALMART BRUSHES | Moda Prismatic Set
Recall Issued After Two People Find a Rotting Bat in Their Walmart Salad  via  foodandwine
 jennamoreci True story
Walmart creep: r u an adult or little girl
Me: NO way to start a convo
Creep: I don't want… 
 KTLA What a bunch of monkeys. Real Americans are at Walmart loading up the Easter baskets. Remember Easter? Someth… 
 JaredFish2 Happy to hear it, cowboy. See you next time! -Brian
Build a basket with guy-approved gifts and you could win a  100 Walmart Gift Card.  SlimJimBoldBaskets  
 walmart never has enough cashiers 
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
 Gilbertklonde needs to get a life, suing Walmart for a simple mistake is ridiculous
my sister taking forever in Walmart gone let the damn lash people close🤦🏾‍♀️ gone be ugly as hell in church
just got a free bottle  winning thanks Walmart 💗
I am so angry 😠😠😠😠😠😠 tell me why I went to Walmart and at the checkout I dropped a  20 bill... the lady in front... 
Warm weather is here.....there are lots of stores that allow you to bring your dog inside....WalMart in Paola is... 
DO THEY HAVE A WALMART IN N KOREA FOR MISSILE ? 
 bigbadbob7171 You and your fans are Walmart specials.
 YOUNG_RONDO I know but I like having the option of going to the gym. I won't have an option if It keeps happening… 
 roguewhstaff YAY WALMART.  realDonaldTrump wants Chinese products on every corner! He hopes if he takes out… 
 Walmart Bring Bob back! Silly to fire over a Turkey!!! walmart  Walmartturkey  bringbobback
 RealGrumpyCat  Walmart  cvspharmacy Meowant!
Purchase a reusable bag for when you go to the Walmart. 
 Walmart Yes she is. She's so beautiful. Such a doll.
Hate this place (at  Walmart Supercenter in Rocky Mount, VA) 
 tayl0rjanai  Walmart that's the real question !
I gotta take so many dumb ass tests here in walmart lmao
 D_D_1988  AshleyTheophane  OharaDavies But as we've see with some of these fighters.... they're on that Walmart straight talk program 😂
Something about dancing inside a walmart is so stress relieving like idk
i'm crying over Dan and Dodie in a Walmart parking lot this is real life folks
Walmart Hiring Is Averaging  151,666 -- For Software Engineers.. Related Articles: 
 TODAYshow She's 17, not in Walmart open your eyes school marm🙀
Last minute bought this Easter basket from Walmart cause it had a soccer ball in it, added some more candy and gifts now it's poppin lol
gucci vs walmart 
 PontyPridd_ Looks like a mass produced white boy I could get at a Walmart
I can't wait to go to Walmart with my mom later.. I'm going to try on Baby clothes and she's gonna tell me if they look good or not.  Easter
 yunglingming Walmart 😭 I be seeing everybody and they mama here literally.
Walmart is a war zone I wouldn't recommend shopping today.
 RealGrumpyCat  Walmart  cvspharmacy Grumpy, you waited til the day before Easter to tell us! I can't find them. 😭
Ah yes, the burton Walmart
walmart is fucking wild.
It's a somewhat steady day in the ol' kiosk. The Walmart's jumpin' today though. Commercialism at its finest. All it's about nowadays.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Troy, MI 
I love  Walmart
 kjw810 Thanks for being a five star customer, Kelly! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️  WalmartRun -Brian
My nigga I'm bout to take that pic to Walmart and put it in a frame 
This old guy at Walmart told my mom that her daughter (me) is cute...creepy.
 anna_paduano causally in Walmart like 🐰🐰🐰🐰 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? via  mashable 
 betzaida_xox Not what you said when I was tryna buy you Walmart clothes
I forget how people are in fact human garbage, and then I set foot in Walmart.  letthemburn  zombieapocalypse
went to walmart and saw this.. it was the last one. like it was calling to me lol  the complete collection 
parthurnaax calls walmart
"Honey, we can either go to Walmart or Target so do you wanna support the gays or China?" 
-Ginny Merritt 2017
Walmart sucks before holidays.  getmorestaff  walmart
 S_sanders04 Walmart
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class as we kn BREAKING NEWS  Trump  RETWEET  MAGA
Walmart special for sure 
Real Niggas Know Why Dat Walmart Belt Stay On 😈🤘
 norabombay Walmart does not sell high quality dinosaur themed erotica. Alas. / end
My dog better appreciate the time I just spent standing in the Walmart line for one bag of dog food. 🙄
 Transformers  Skywarp Voyager Class  Walmart Exclusive Brand  New Hasbro 2008  hasbro 
They're playing jonas brothers in Walmart
i applied at walmart
At WalMart, 3 cashiers 8-10 people in lines??????
Couldnt find any cheap swimtrunks at walmart jsjsjfjjsdjfn my lounge shorts will be super seethrough 🙃
A few things (at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in McKinney, TX) 
i literally just witnessed a Walmart worker scratching his neck with a box cutter
Why is Walmart buying up brands? via  mashable
Big Booty bei Walmart 
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  CricketRewards Download today!  
 CostellCostello I was at Walmart in Selkirk and it was nuts. Stores closed yesterday and tomorrow = insanity today.
Remember that time Garrett took a picture with Nattie in like Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video 5 Walmart Tantrums
Now he wanna go to Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️
Bought a necklace today...a Walmart lady walked me up to the register, holding my arm, cause I "look like I'm gonna steal the necklace"
 MirandaKennealy My husband cracks them open in the book aisle at Walmart and starts reading aloud in the dorkiest way imaginable.
I'm at Walmart lookin like a bum and everyone is dressed all cute lolol
Walmart at the highlands is countrier than hell
I'm at Walmart and let me tell you this was a mistake
This 88-year-old Walmart greeter was fired, and the store’s reasoning is absurd 
today is hella weird saw some old dude with a white beard dressed up as santa and saw a lady with a cat carrier with a pig in it at Walmart
"I'm a Walmart version of Medusa. I have worms instead of snakes" -my sister
i needa go to walmart but ion wanna go by myself 🙄
Bro walmart really the plug 😭😭😭😭😂😂🔌🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽 
i saw Jerry today at Walmart and i wished him a happy easter and he smiled really big, then 3 other people behind me did also. 💕🐣
 DragonflyJonez He's WalMart Kobe. There's not as much maintenance. But like...it's the same shit without dropping… 
 mtreasuresgifts Thanks for spreading the word! There's definitely a special find to be had. 🛋  rollbacks -Brian
fucking Walmart photos smh
 EnixDare  j2gEurobricks  Walmart Really! I heard those are super hard to find. Lucky!
 YellowHearts_x3 Noooooo💀 Walmart doing the most bruh🤦🏾‍♀️
I heard the rogue one intro song from the other side of Walmart and tracked it down. fyi I'm wearing my anh shirt w… 
 nondairymilf he aint even ugly he just walmart logan lerman
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Las Vegas, NV 
 Walmart you guys are way on top of it 
 nessamazeballs  Walmart Not cool!!
That time at Walmart when the 20 items or less sign doesn't apply to you....there goes Speedy Checkout!!... 
Why is every walmart in the South located directly on a forest,  or swamp 
Texans suck at driving both cars and carts in Walmart.
I HATE Walmart
Another good place for that bunker-busting bomb would wipe out all the Walmart Slave-Labor factories downstream and… 
if you're gonna give me dirty looks in fucking walmart then at least have the decency to say shit to my face
 KyrstenDonnelly "We've gotta go to Walmart more often cuz I don't have very many friends" -  KyrstenDonnelly
Sat 4/15 1:18pm: Motor Vehicle Collision (43), 91060X FARRINGTON HWY, WALMART KAPOLEI, Kapolei  hitraffic
mom "dad's taking me on a date to Walmart"
dad "u should all find urselves a man who will take u 2 Walmart & buy u a box of mashed potatoes"
I gotta stop coming to Walmart wit no drawers on
Professor sues Walmart over 'clean toilets' description 
 Walmart I spend more time in line than I do picking out my items.
Ugh I Still needa hit the walmart and liqq store!
Sometimes genre segregation isn't subtle. Shown is 30% of the black themed romances, 90% of the white at local Walm… 
Funniest shit just happen ‼️
Dude came up to me in Walmart tryna finesse🙄
And my son said "My mama, she mine" 
I was Sooo weak😂😂😂
If we hit 1k subs by the time I go into 7th grade, I'll yell anything you guys want in WalMart. 
Jeez  DonaldJTrumpJr  you are damn lucky your grandfather was a millionaire or you would be greeting people at… 
"We've made so many new friends tonight" *I say as we're leaving walmart*   lizzie_grace_13
 lexilane427  girlposts  k_bear_ford i could get 400 pairs of fuzzy socks for that from walmart  lexilane427
There are two workers serving 1 family at this Walmart deli... I'm the only other person in line. Seriously? I can't stand Beaver County.
Fat white people at walmart:
"What flavor ice cream do you want?"
"Just get something chocolate"
Me thinking: "Get chocolate DICK"!! 😂💀😤
TFW you cancel an  amazon order because Walmart has 1000 of them on display but amazon is weeks late and weeks unti… 
Went to Walmart w/ my dad and he guilted me into letting him take a picture of me w/ the Easter bunny. Now, for all… 
 alexander_ovo That's hella funny af!! I didn't even know you can get that at Walmart 🤔😅
Walmart, the mystical place where you can witness a lady tell her 5 year old son that she's gonna beat his ass and nobody bats an eye
Walmart has about 30 registers but only 3 open😡
 Gifts  Cards WALMART Gift Card Collectible NO Value RARE  Coupon  BuyItNow 
They get it from Walmart 
To everyone at Walmart,

Go fucking home.
Panic attack in the walmart, breakdown in traffic, disassociating at work
My arachnophobia has been triggered and now I'm on my way to Walmart to buy every single type of repellent that they sell
Celebrate spring and enter to  win a  25 Walmart gift card  giveaway!  
Bought a blue t-shirt from walmart & now I'm ready for tonight . (:
My friend called me because he went to buy nail clippers at Walmart for his mom and got lost in the beauty section and couldn't find them😂
bro why is your mom trying to find me a boyfriend at Walmart? 💀  xoireneb_
⚡️ “Recode: Walmart is in advanced talks to buy Bonobos” say it ain't so- I love  bonobosninjas you  sent me a tie!


 _larriane  bvddievngel_ OMGGGGG, I'm so mad I'm just seeing this I could've made this tonight I just left Walmart I need shrimp.😂😭
Went to the other Walmart because the first one was playing Ed Sheeran.
 Walmart what's the point of having 15 registers if only 3 will be open especially on a busy Saturday? 🙃
Top story: Why is Walmart buying up brands? see more 
accepting applications for someone to go to walmart with me. i will buy you candy.
Everybody knows I need to go to Walmart I'm sitting her pissd off
Route 31 shut down in front of Macedon Walmart plaza due to crash. 
 Walmart it's best that someone from your team dm me!!! 😡
 rubyavela Hahaha wtf they cut hair at Walmart lol!! Id be scared of that 😂😂😂😂😲🙊✂✂💇💇💆💆💀💀
Went to Walmart for some candy but ended up grocery shopping and not even getting the candy. I have become my mother
Who designed Walmart to have 20 registers but only use 3-4 lines at the most?  stupidsaturday  tryingtogetoutofhere
The workers at Walmart irritate my soul 😤😤😤
 socalgas If I go to the Walmart or Kmart to pay my bill, will they be able to tell me how much I owe?  I cannot ac… 
 LlawlscSue  asdindiana  TwitterMoments She doesn't work at Walmart she works at Target
Just bought every pineapple themed kitchen item at Walmart. I have a problem 🍍😍🍍
i jus had to see an entire poop sitting in the walmart toilet :~} were all these customers raised by wolves in some… 
 YourAnonNews Why doesn't the US govt give money to the BSA, GSA, WalMart, etc - it's not its job. It's also not their job to give to PP.
Walmart just stole  5 from me smh
I fucking hate Walmart
 FoxNews Missile purchased from the US ....Walmart quality
some older man came up to us in walmart and said "Jesus loves you, have a wonderful day," i love nice people
People in this Walmart parking lot need to chill out
 britneyandbaby i would go to walmart they might have some there
Came to Walmart in one car but can I leave in this one please? ; )

 Camaro  YesPlease 
Why do chaise lounge cushions have to be so expensive?! 😩It looks like I'm going to Walmart and I cannot stand that stupid store.
Walmart will build off its ModCloth momentum by buying Bonobos, report says - Mashable 
Big surprise Jennifer and Sugar Bear met in Walmart.  fromnottohot
I need to go to WALMART..
 AndyinMTL Go back to walmart with a job application, more like it
but hey i work at target and shop at walmart lol
target and walmart have totally different customers .
 Kyla_M3 finna try sams and walmart
 j2gEurobricks Found these today at Walmart! Got Rocket Boy, Baker, 2 Veterinarian, 2 Fench Men, Highwayman, Flower… 
Will an in-store pickup discount give Walmart an edge over Amazon? 
 Walmart could you send your cashiers to training on efficiency and how to get customers out quicker? That would be great!
Standing at  Walmart customer service desk for over 5 minutes and not one person in sight. Ridiculous. 
I'm a 6, but at Walmart I'm a 9.5
The Process Of Buying A Home Demands More Than A Walmart Greeter 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Pompano Beach, FL 
If anyone finds a brown wallet close to Walmart hmu lol
 PTXofficial  scotthoying  mitchgrassi  KOlusola  Avi_Kaplan  kirstin_taylor  look who my mom heard  today at Walma… 
,hahaha not Walmart
 badam00 that's what u get for shopping at Walmart smh
I'm shaking at Walmart
 Rado426 The bunny must have been thinking about you!  win -Brian
I received  15 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
[Mashable] Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
Then again, I did stop shopping at Walmart years ago. This prolly the norm. I'm coo..
 Jennife80461594. I know frank is working at walmart in bayonne part time and he is not making enough money.  anthonylott2
target is just hipster walmart
Just left  pussgut central, otherwise know as Walmart.
 Nasty_Momma Walmart!!!! I did a happy dance 😂👏🏻
A lady in walmart just tried to sell me pokemon cards.....
 theMaedeer  Haru__Kitsu it's not amazon, but here 
 Walmart I'm sure you have a team working on it, but lines at Lawrence, IN Walmart are crazy long...
"hey little girl, little girl, hey you little girl" i thought some random guy was calling me at Walmart, but it was my freaking brother 😩😂😭😂
Stay classy, Walmart 
I'm in this Walmart getting anxiety. Entirely too many folks.
Happy 19th Birthday to my crazy ass puppy loving, popcorn eating, Walmart going, softball watching, pineapple lovin… 
i remember me tyra & irrionna walked all the way from walmart to B house just to go see david😭😭 aw rip my exbestf💔😒
How to Get 21 Items at Walmart For  9.40 (Just  .43 Each) 
Super excited to find  HardCandyLife makeup at  Walmart.  hardycandy is also  crueltyfree. Double win!
 metvhulk. My kid just brought me this from WalMart for Easter. He said it "came out in the bag". Anyone skeptical 
Walmart got that supreme 😳😂👌🏼💯😈 
The only way to do a Walmart run without completely losing your shit is to do it significantly buzzed
Can you say delish twist on a BLT?

Turkey & Avocado BLT recipe from  Walmart

More  MealInspirations at… 
I swear I lose my mom atleast 10x in Walmart
Walmart big clearance: I just went to walmart and seen many games for  1  2  3 many xbox 360 double packs ,PS4… 
 itssweetlenny it's on my old ipad. we included shit we bought from WALMART gracie.
then went to walmart & spent 47  on bibs, washing powder, shampoo and shea moisture 😐🤦🏾‍♀️
At Walmart and I see this woman walking in the parking lot pulling on car doors..,oh
A professer sued Walmart after he bought a fishing license and the employee listed his job as "clean toilets."… 
Ah bih finna slide to Walmart
WalMart in Hamburg is like no other 😩 fulla weirdos
. amazon  Walmart  jcpenney  express  jcrew  AEO  OldNavy Get on this! 
I'm at  Walmart in Bensalem, PA 
You haven't seen Walmart, until you've seen obese man driving a handicap cart, with two live rabbits in the basket Walmart.  Fargo
why are people having family reunions in the walmart entrance???
Reason number 678 to not shop at  Walmart 
When you run into the Easter bunny at Walmart 
BREAKING! One arrested in The Woods subdivision after pursuit from a Tyler Walmart  breakingnews  localnews… 
some dude in walmart just looked me dead in the eye and said "the chicken is ready i'm out of here". he wasn't wearing a bluetooth.
 _MichaelGaston They still believe Jade Helm was Obama's coup to take over Texas inside a tunnel under a Walmart.
Probs not a coincidence that Constantine was on as I headed out to Walmart on Easter Eve.
I love the Walmart one. Like someone who works as a cashier has never had to ring up pork products before 😂
Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon 
[Walmart]

Me: We need shoes for Billy
3: What about ME?
Me: Pants for Timmy
3: What about ME?
Me: A muzzle for Zayd
3: YAY! I get a muzzle!
Look at this cute palette I ordered from Walmart omg 
Walmart vs. via  YouTube
 DelRey I'll have to remember to NOT buy anything from them. walmart = trump in blue and white. WM treats their ppl like dt treats his.
First, Brad's wife and now this... tsk, tsk, tsk 
READER FIND! Little Tikes Princess ... -  Clearance  Couponcommunity  Walmart  Walmartsquad… 
the Walmart in Country Club Hills be bussin
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. ty
Fiancé makes me go to Walmart to get dinner at the worst time ever. 6 pm 20 items or less line has 15 people 😳
why is Walmart buying up brands?

If my mom takes any longer in walmart Ima start rearranging things in her car
Brooks'  crueltyfree  eastereggs for this year.  spinanegg  diyeastereggs  walmart walmart… 
Was wondering around in Walmart with parents and every one we passed by either stared or did a double take
Chanel vs. Walmart 
IM SHAKING IN WALMART 
my sister just said "what a concept" to the banana rack at Walmart
Today I got in trouble for doing my job.  whoshiring  gonnaquit  walmart
Walmart had a promotion for Sun and Moon! 
Sadly I didn't see the inflatables at our Walmart.
You might be a drug dealer if you pull out  600 in crisp  20 bills to pay for   65 worth of groceries at walmart
I buy a bottle of 2.00 wine from Walmart and I'm drunk after the 3rd sip
convert short rss to FULL STORY  RSS!  tools  SocialMedia | Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid…
Can someone come to Walmart and pull the fire alarm bc it's busy as fuck and I'm over it
y does walmart smell like ass rn
 Lilax15  LeandriPenna Walmart vs walmart
How bored do you have to be to watch a Walmart bag for TWENTY minutes 😂
 Jakieeeg you can also buy a packet of breast pads for  4   Walmart
 risapr1 Blame it on the bunny🐰 - he made a serious  WalmartRun -Brian
Man I swear on everything walmart be having hoes
Today my dad told me this VERY interesting story about how he watched a Walmart bag for 20 mins because it was so neat to see it go so high
 lonesiekarp okay but only start a fight at Walmart if you're prepared to lose that person in your life forever.
I want a girl that would get kicked out of Walmart with me ✅
 shimmyshammy22 If it's from Walmart, there's a really cute eyeshadow palette that I've heard is amazing.
 devinlyhaywood  mariahtooheyyy Walmart!!!!
 Bonobos no, no, no, no, no...this must be a cruel late April Fools joke!


 lonesiekarp yeah a fight at Walmart makes the entire fight inherently cursed
Uggh when you go shopping at Costco and Walmart with 2 kids in tow & get home and unload and then are too tired to make dinner...
its on a new tab on like... why? wtf. im freaked tf out rn
A New Scam Is Targeting Anyone Who Shops At Walmart : AWM 
People in Walmart
I bought AvP on Blu-ray at Walmart. I must not look at least 18 because the cashier turned to my dad and asked "does he belong to you?"
Guys, Flipazees... Where the heck do I find them besides WalMart?
People rlly don't know what personal space is in Walmart
Oof, the people of Walmart are out in full force today. We're stuck in our second cashier aisle, and we may never leave.
Thank you! 🐇🐣😊  EasterWeekend  Easter2017 
We saw the  EasterBunny at walmart.  twins  twinmom  twindad  instatwins  babygirl  babyboy… 
 Walmart I'd be happy to!! Like, on social media or on 
 Cards13_Blues91 Did you find the means to procure the gun online? Just because you choose in-store pickup from Wal… 
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Draggle – Blue/Green Egg is in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals April 15, 2017 7:05 pm 
I didn't know it was a crime to walk around Walmart with a bra in your hand while you grab a few things. God damn
I love getting my car keyed at Walmart
 Walmart skimping on cashiers at your store on Wards Road in Lynchburg, VA. 3 cashiers is not enough to handle the number of customers.
So...needed poster frames.  Walmart says 9.97. Get there with just enough and suddenly they're 15. Nice.  HobbyLobby it is.
Fuck you  Walmart
Walmart is reportedly about to buy the hottest men's clothing brand 
Been in Walmart so long I forgot where I parked at
Went to Walmart to buy sandwich stuff and ended up buying my whole meal plan.
Ouch. Bonobos might be bought out by Walmart. There goes that brand.
 PullingGuard79  JoeBucsFan  Walmart Amen brother.
So tell me why we at walmart and Diamond Rose walks up to this haitian man and tells him i said he fine and i... 
Bruh I hate coming to Walmart
Sat 4/15/2017 Motor Vehicle Accident in front of Walmart. Use caution while driving in this area. 
Everybody's kid in walmart having a fit. They gotta go.
I spend at least 500 a month in Walmart! They need a rewards system 😩
Every time I go to Walmart I die inside a little bit
Professor sues Walmart over 'clean toilets' description
 13WHAM
going to Walmart then home 
 lellygal UC Berkeley should be shut down, leveled & then turn it in to a Super Walmart for the unemployed who remain there.
Going to Walmart then home
 sakurabecky  DreaVilleneuve  OlyBackstrom  howwon  saveonfoods That's great. Walmart was busy but I expected that, lines moved quick.
- Walmart Sales and discounts page check out all their sales updated daily!
 marcusIee try walgreens or walmart, they might have the airspun powder there too
Ran into the Easter Bunny at the Walmart!!   Walmart Supercenter Robertsdale 
So I'm walking in Walmart and I hear this kid scream across the isle, "Hey that's that hot lifeguard! Hi Ms Lifeguard"😂😂
I'm not for Walmart crowds🙄
WTF: I Don’t Know About You, But I Prefer My Salad Without Dead  Bats  joniboloney.… 
So I got my nails done at Walmart (don't judge they can hook a girl up for only  15)
Didn't they use to sell this at Walmart? 
 JamesMeetsFame Can I buy them with a Walmart card? 😂❤
Saturday evening in Walmart, where culture and shock comfortably coexist.
Currently dissociating in the world's longest Walmart line.
 jstabila What a bunny-tastic surprise🥕 Happy Easter! -Brian
i'm gonna buy myself a cheap ring from walmart until i have enough money for a legit engagement ring and then i'll buy one for king
 Walmart Why y'all let your employees come to work with their hair messed up?
Jesus Saves...AND SO CAN YOU! On these fine  CocaCola products!

WTF,  Walmart? 
Walmart Logic. 
 durham_rob  TxDOTBWD Come deal with the PITA that is the traffic at our Walmart on 351
At b dubs getting my drink on
UNFAIR! Where'd it say Animal Wrangling was part of the job? 88yr old  Walmart greeter FIRED after turkey wanders in 
Idc how rich or famous I get in the future.. I'ma still be pulling up to Walmart on  1960 for Black friday when I come back 💪💯 😂
 guga31bb Like this

B:siness at Walmart is go:ng to be slow tomorrow. :(
With the other last minute lunatics at Walmart the day before Easter.  numbskull
Pregnant, I needed to puke in Walmart. Stall was smeared with poop. I was too disgusted to even hurl. 
Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat via  BI_RetailNews
I'm at  Walmart in South Milwaukee, WI w/  guamgirl2127 
News viewers ID Walmart beer bandits, Mobile. A modern day Bonnie & Clyde. Fortunately, they have not reproduced. 
Shout out to who ever found my wallet last night at Walmart and didn't steal anything. You're the MVP!
uh i just gave sis at walmart  11 for my stuff and she just handed it right back 
 Lylaash_  tylerrjoseph Chanel vs. Walmart
Twenty One Pilots vs. 21 Pilots
Josh Dun/Tyler Joseph vs. Will Dun/Robert Joseph
 youneedmore_dij The drill from Walmart online and the acrylic lit from amazon
pay pal ? cash app ? walmart to walmart ? directly to my account ? by mail ? which one ? 
Walmart will give you a discount if you pick up your online order from a Walmart store 
wtf a FILA sweater used to be  9 at walmart when I was a kid. That shits  104.00 now.. 
 andrearitsu Yep! Picked it up in a Walmart bundle about 10-12 years ago along with a mediocre turret shooter
Walmart * 
Walked past Dr. Murrell in Walmart holding a bottle of wine 🙂🤣
 WayyyZ and I at WalMart:
Wes: *gives me a look*
Also Wes: "I KNOW you ain't gettin' no hot Cheetos"

Me:

Also me:
Walmart's Fresh Express salad recalled after dead bat discovery |  
so walmart just gonna schedule me on prom night huh?
This lady at walmart said me and my boyfriend look like twins. Gotta go!!!
 CloudN9neSyrup Sorry but I cried at "you look like you dress at Walmart" 😂😂😭
 Walmart Poor associate was in tears, so woefully understaffed.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Norman, OK 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist WALMART GOT SET ON FIRE BY TERRORIST!? | LifeOfSteven Ep. 2
 candypie22  Walmart Yes! The best surprise for a tumultuous day!  😘😘
Yeah & the majority of the new jobs created ARE low income jobs because we don't have strong unions & give kickback… 
Walmart ran out of eggs lmao
 louiswearingred nooo i think they do sell it i think walmart does too
 walmart is sneaky and underhanded. My mother inlaw who suffers fromdementia(very obvious when talking)got bullied into gettinga  mastercard
the only reason alyssa has sm makeup is bc everytime she goes to walmart which is like everyday she slides stuff into the cart i hate her
Drove to Virginia to try it.... bought at Walmart even though the brewery is pra... (Catty Wompus) 
PSA: The Walmart near the parkway now carries Milani😍
 sorjei Is there such thing as a good Walmart?
 Chadtronic your garage? a thrift shop? walmart?
 PDZAnimenerd 👍We know all about satisfying that  sweettooth -Brian
 ValleySimmer33 I didn't even go grocery shopping. I went to Walmart for 3 fuckin' things, and it was a nightmare! 
If I was being ignored by Walmart, I would own them. They would have to at least reply.
 newwarleans Pshhhhhhhh Obviously it's a Walmart dressing room duh how are u all wrong 😂
 jakendufner I was walking around in Walmart today and this girl was wearing your shirt so I walked up to her and said I like your shirt😂❤️
Also,  Walmart hire some ignorant ass people. Just had to tell off a cashier.
Star the creepy blue panda from Walmart,
 NWBingham My wife saw this today at Walmart & said "How cute! Look, it's like vintage!" I was like 
If  Target had what I needed I definitely would've been there.  Walmart has the slowest cashiers.
 baddgal_e You took too long. Now I'm going to Walmart on the south 😝
Just saw  SimplyKay22  Walmart 😘😘A nice surprise on a busy day!!!
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 _Nuella Lmfao! I don kuku park one corner. There's wool at Walmart 😭
Walmart is going to discount online orders that are picked up in its stores. 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist TRYING TO GET KCIKED OUT OF WALMART (CLIMBING RAFTORS // CLIMBING TOP
 decaro_nick  CaptainsLog2017 Someone should get a list together so that we don't inadvertently buy something of/ma… 
 Walmart also has new  PowerRangers shirts! 
chuck and shaye almost got in a fight in the walmart parking lot 
I love prom
I actually hate Walmart. The weirdest people go there and whenever I go I never find what I want
Someone could ask me to go to Walmart with them and I'll still be like "ok what should I wear" 😂
Literally hate  Walmart, the lines and customer service sucks.
 deborasanchez9  Teamgranh  IgnacioxLastra  IgnacioLastra_7 Chanel vs Walmart
i saw a walmart clerk that looked Exactly how i have lucretia from taz headcanoned she wore rubber gloves, which i respected
 Dissimon Okay that actually makes sense. I've never hit a point of Shit Hitting The Fan that would prompt a walmart parking lot fight.
Justin: Can we please get the RCMP out of the role of WalMart Greeter? That would be great, thanks. 
We at Walmart rn so don't rush lol 
 Walmart - your Great Value trash bags are garbage!!!! Every single bag in the box is defective! Guess you get what… 
88-year-old Walmart greeter fired 
You have to be high while shopping at Walmart.
TRAFFIC ALERT RILEY FUZZEL5:50 p.m.

Riley Fuzzel Rd near the Grand Parkway (in front of Walmart) - wreck 
hi guys i eat shit in the house and after i being silly at walmart good pooping bye
Build a basket with guy-approved gifts and you could win a  100 Walmart Gift Card.  SlimJimBoldBaskets
I'm gonna rep my mans at Walmart 😩😩 
Don't be indirect bc I will crack yo ass in this Walmart
 JerrydCurry There's a lot of things that I miss from the south but Walmart ain't one of them.
When you come to Walmart busted but all the chicks inside fine 
i'm still shaken by the girl in walmart saying 'birthday cake flavored things are all gross'
so i work at Walmart right , lemme tell y'all . these customers get one day of 80 degrees and think they can just wear no clothes smh
Walmart Fires 88-Year-Old Greeter After Absurd Event And People Are Rallying Behind Him 
 MylesUdland  DKThomp Awful. And they'll undoubtedly sacrifice quality for quantity in the Walmart way.
I should probably just make a run to Walmart
I'm about to lose my shit on Walmart. Holy fuck.
Damn Walmart! Be hush hush about this shit, damn! 
real life👩‍👦🌽   Walmart Honolulu 
The amount of hate I have for Walmart is unmatched. It shouldn't take 20 minutes to get buns, ketchup and Mac and cheese
 Daily_Express so what ..you want her to go to bloody Walmart
 POSSIBLYJORGE Walmart lol. You can buy the actual vitamins and pop them to get the oil if you want.
 lonesiekarp no no Walmart is a fight spot for when shit goes Real Bad in Every Way. Denny's is where you go when it's just time to punch
Walmart is truly disgusting
 lrhbabypenguin  Luke5SOSloljoke he the cardboard box behind walmart 👌😂
Fucking cheap ass underwire Walmart bra
 VinDrank2Muchh Adam Conley the Walmart brand Chris Sale
who wants to see a 20 second video of my dog sitting in a  5 walmart pool that's too small for him
fun tip: if ur thinking of coming to walmart today. don't. :)
lving walmart: via  YouTube
I don't want to judge walmart parents as a whole, but I saw a LOT of last minute Easter baskets around.
Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
I got this shirt from Walmart 
 Dissimon Which is weird bc I have seen and heard of more fights in denny's parking lots than walmart. i feel like… 
While visiting the local Monaca Walmart for the first time in like a year , I've decided 90% of beaver county is on drugs
 fsmikey  FSBigBob you guys did see this. Right? 
They however are not your avg Walmart shopper... 
This man went to iTunes 😂 you go to Walmart to buy Jordans too or? 
 Walmart I will let them know next time im there actually i'm friends with one of the head managers there so I will… 
 YuWasupGirl_ You can still use the template & print them off at Walmart lbs
My sons not coming for 4/21 Birthday. He's gonna turn 31
 w/o me
That's horrible sad news  he's devoted to  Walmart… 
WELFARE CHECK: 600 blk N State Rd. at Walmart, check the lot for a silver Malibu, 5 y/o F left unattended in the... 
 Walmart Grocery pick up at Cutizens Drive Neighborhood Mkt , Fayetteville is a FAIL. Been waiting over 25 minutes.
This was at Walmart today  wtf 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? - Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel like Walmart.  T... 
 Vennie_VidiVici  TheFACEofAmazon  Walmart = easy target for  hipsters 2 boycott.  amazon  JeffBezos = 21st c versi… 
PSA: don't go to Walmart the day before a big holiday.
 Luke5SOSloljoke Walmart vs Gucci. Guess which you are
740 Middle St - Walmart - Shoplifter left in a white Cadillac. The vehicle reportedly took a right onto Middle St... 
 AffableDuckling // My Walmart doesn't have too shabby of selection! I got the legendary decks! It has kaiba's legendary complete deck--
Walmart for his easter basket then Durangos🍕
Seen a guy at walmart that had a full face tattoo. And he had a girlfriend
Oh, Walmart 
We need 18 Walmart shoppers! 

Hit LIKE if you want it, SHARE if you need it!

enter here -> 
 funksoulbubby *every* Walmart has wifi. And it always works unlike Kroger
Pikachu was at Walmart and it only made me hate my job even more
 Maximus_Paulus  BroknSuffragium  lellygal  skb_sara  SandraTXAS  Raymosaki  MrEdTrain  VFL2013  rgenci57  LeahR77… 
 Walmart yep.  I think everyone else had the same idea
"37  for this CUTE tank top I could've gotten at Walmart or Ross for 5  but Ima get it because the tag on the inside is name brand" rethink!
 HotaEre bitch no you don't even shop at walmart cuz you go to whole foods smh
Survivair Ammonia Methylamine Cartridge For T Series Air Purifying Respirator 
 pettyphillips listen . the chainsmokers are good but compared to henry theyre walmart
WHATS WALMART 
I was at Walmart in today, and they were giving out free Pokemon cards! I got Togedemaru! 😄
⚡️ “Recode: Walmart is in advanced talks to buy Bonobos”


So today at Walmart, I wanted to make my first legal purchase of alcohol.
 rudy_trader50 Yes, on Look up free standing toddler swing!
 Vr  GoogleBank  Google  Walmart BUY WITH  VR  TaxMarch  ORLvLA  JackieRobinsonDay  StarWarsBattlefrontII  googlevr… 
Love Train said whats walmart 
Walmart of Sault Ste Marie 
 millieh1927  TheFACEofAmazon classic  walmart technique to privatize the profits & socialize the costs.
 JeffBezos… 
How Walmart and Target can top Amazon on drone delivery 
Saw some fine college boys in Walmart rn, fell in love for 10 seconds with each of them 😍🔥
If you value your sanity do not go to Walmart today. I repeat, do not go to Walmart
Original scowling thursday television set gain among walmart differently sears this leave inasmuch as xmas consumers 
Caramel Kitten a danser le twerk Walmart 
I drove clear out to Walmart to get a dog tag and they don't have the machine anymore 😡😡😡
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class (Walmart, AM BREAKING NEWS  Trump  RETWEET  MAGA
Found some. Very Scary Things at Walmart 
You look like you dress at Walmart, but we're not knocking you. Stay in your lane. They can do what they want. 
Inside  Walmart  digital  strategy  Marketing  Advertising  ecommerce 
Day befor easter crazy at Walmart .  iquit
THE weirdest people hang out at   Walmart
 DaveWeasel I gotta love anyone banned from Walmart. 🤣
When you accidentally scratch the cute cashier dude from Walmart when he hands you your receipt.... ha ha sorry babe😅
 pranati_reddy  Bonobos  Walmart  ModCloth Exactly! Should be interesting
I hate Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️
Going to Walmart the day before Easter  worstdecisionever
Former Laurel Wal-Mart manager charged with staging  400,000 store robbery in which he was shot 
Beats By Dr. Dre Headphones Just  169! Down From  400! PLUS FREE…  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals  headphones
why this white man in Walmart just walk by me like he wanna be my sugar daddy
I'm so proud of walmart for having cute swim suits uggghh
It's like the worse you look, the more people you see that you know in Walmart  scottsboroprobs
WTF!! The BUYER of a  16 million PH ain't a greeter at  Walmart?😖? 
When a trainer from your gym sees you at Walmart while you're looking at the 140 pack of pizza rolls 😅 summerbodwhereyouat
It's not the first, and it's not the last. 💋💋  walmart  walmartnewsroom
just went to walmart to buy fake lashes and there was not one fake eyelash on the premises
Oceanic OC1 Scuba Diving Wrist Computer - No Transmitter 
Well just parked at Walmart...glanced at a black lady....so she cussed me out.... welcome to rockford!
Just saw a woman dragging her child by the leg in Walmart. Gotta love Polk County
Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
 SCODoubleT65 We are working to do be better but if you have more to share we would direct your ideas here: -Jim
 DiamondsNTears Once I get home from the hospital I have to prepare for dinner w/the ex-in-laws tomorrow (I'd rathe… 
Gotta love Walmart for  5 flip flops  IslandLife 
when ur baby brother wants a Nirvana cd for Easter u spend 30 mins in walmart looking for one and don't think twice about it
 startup Speed, drugs appear to be factors in deadly Waianae crash: Entrepreneurs, Walmart wants to…… 
 startup 27 Hawaii post offices to offer late collections on Tax Day: Entrepreneurs, Walmart wants to…… 
Me: I'm a luxury that not many can afford 
Brother: ur a Walmart item people return
Omg I just saw baby spice at Walmart
Easter Sunday 2017: What's open, closed, food stores, malls, Walmart, Target, movie theaters 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Daytona Beach, FL 
 psiangelic  mcnabbychic  ChrisTrilogy  2SweetSuperNova  MsBrooklyn88 Gas station Walmart and Publix
Whole Foods and Walmart: Stop contributing to massive food waste in the US - Sign the Petition! via  Change
Only at Walmart! 😂   Walmart Shawnessy 
This mom in front of us at Walmart couldn't buy her daughter an Easter basket and after they paid and left
 BirbBorb Soon you will be free of Walmart
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos - Recode 
” but it’s like a walmart version of max bemis. I love sitting downstairs and hearing the cats.
my favorite sport: desperately trying to avoid people I know in Walmart
 americocap  Bonobos If recent reporting holds up, it appears they're about to be bought by Walmart. 

I've never shopped at Bonobos, btw.
Sometimes I think that Walmart fires people just for the heck of it... 
 Walmart currently standing in line 30 mins - Cedar Rapids iowa - blairsferry rd. Only 8 checkouts open night b4 Easter .. dumb!
 cybervoyager  CaravellaBeth  SHEKOFEHH  RealLambright  6centscott  10Hercules10  ReillocNaes  INP&GH412… 
*punches old lady in Walmart parking lot

SATURDAY NIGHT'S ALL RIGHT FOR FIGHTIN' GET A LITT…

*gets shot by old lady in Walmart parking lot
is... is this fuckin walmart... 
Quick easy dinner thanks to  Walmart and  OldElPaso new Taco Boats. Recipe coming soon!  ad  inspiringkitchen 
Jesus H fuck people at Walmart need to learn how to walk.
Grabbing a few things before we go home. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Austintown, OH) 
 theweeknd COME TO THE LA QUINTA WALMART 😭😭😭😭
Whats fu*king wrong with you  Walmart
This 88-year-old Walmart greeter was fired and the store’s reasoning is absurd 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Turnersville, NJ 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  thexeon
*Lets Matt take my truck to Walmart* 
Damn dad my glad is at Walmart rn! The fumes = hard to hide  maiicee
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  ecommerce  socialmediamarketing  success  sales  smallbusiness
Walmart  big clearance 
only in Lafayette, Louisiana u go to Walmart and they're passing out Jose Cuervo shots as samples instead of food like normal ppl
 torigrace_ Not that you can go in Walmart 😂
Going to Walmart on a Saturday afternoon before Easter. Yeah I've made better decisions in my life
 hbg_honey  thatPAguy made me watch the first three on Netflix and then I was hooked and we literally went to Walma… 
Walmart was giving these out and I took one because this is the cutest Pokemon since Shaymin 
Why is  Walmart buying up brands?: Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't…  tech
Got to see my first Walmart fight today 🤗
Amazon and Walmart are in an all-out price war that is terrifying America’s biggest brands - Recode 
Walmart  Walmart the OTC remedy for obesity is an OTC product called Benzedrex. Used irregularly. It should be temporary. Cash Profits. Join
 Vr  GoogleVR  Google  Walmart BUY WITH  VR  TaxMarch  ORLvLA  JackieRobinsonDay  StarWarsBattlefrontII  googlevr… 
I come home for Easter my mom sends me to Walmart (two blocks away) and I get pulled over.. for putting on brakes when I saw a cop.
 happyeasterweekend🐰  happyeaster She didn't wanna take a pic w/ the  Easterbunny    Walmart 
 Loneclone_  DarrenTaylor98  Walmart I WILL FUCKING GET A PICTURE OF THEM JUST TO PROVE THAT YOUR COUNTRY IS WEIRDLY INTO VIDEO GAMES
So glad I got the job at Walmart
 DavidLimbaugh Enjoying your pics of the Holy Land. Just bought True Jesus today at Walmart. Can't wait to read it!
 wmmII88  auntygravity Those look like some of the pajamas the fat chicks wear at walmart.
 lonesiekarp that's the Walmart parking lot aesthetic. Why do you think it's a cursed place to fight
 Walmart is about to buy Bonobos. 
✺ Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
 gifts  dorm  furniture Great  deals !   Walmart --Shop Rollbacks on Small Space... 
Look what you started back up  Nikkafar  popvinyl  funkopop  OriginalFunko  fnaf  walmart  fivenightsatfreddys 
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos via  Recode
Umm yeah pretty sure it's not Thanksgiving.  happyeaster  ᴇᴀsᴛᴇʀsᴜɴᴅᴀʏ  walmart  walmartfail… 
I'd rather stay at the ghetto Walmart on San Mateo for a full day than go to the Walmart in Belen and see everyone and their mother
No way did  StacieMayxs found my twin in Walmart haha
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  TechText
You can eat at Walmart
This is crazy. Had no idea Walmart was doing this. 
SAGGING BED FIX  
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  innovation  tech  future  technology  amazing
I was wondering why Walmart was selling Halloween buckets so early... just now realizing tomorrow is easter
Playing soccer in Walmart with my best friend>>>>
Walmart is close to buying one of the hottest men's fashion brands: 
I went to walmart today with my grandma because she was bored, i should of stayed in the car!  Maddymoosmama
😂 This little girl in the cart next to me at Walmart said to her mom (in the wine aisle) "You sure do like your wine, huh mom?" 😂 Drag her.
 KeziahBrw  chaurtorius You can get it at Walmart for like  1, at least where I live
chanel vs walmart 
See who was    Walmart  theeasterbunny Too bad my girls are almost bigger... Lol!!!… 
Select Walmart Stores: T-fal 1.8L Deep Fryer  19 (Was  99.99) 
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos 
We will be at the Foothills Walmart location from 9-5.
 ALMIGHTYYYYY_ Pretty sure you can cop those at Walmart  bruh😂😂😂
This just in.... Why is Walmart buying up brands? - Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel... 
Unpopular opinion I feel like krispy kreme donuts r like what you'd buy at walmart in plastic containers for like  5 and they taste weird
Easter Sunday 2017: What's open, closed, food stores, malls, Walmart, Target, movie theaters  NJBusiness
Walmart bought  ModCloth?! Wtf
Yabs at Walmart
Thank you West Haven Walmart for helping me remember why I really hate Connecticut.  thanks  smallyoutuber  smallyoutubercommunity  people
if i had a dollar for everytime i came into walmart in my super one uniform and a customer stopped me to ask for help
Why does Michaels never have the grey yarn I need??? Have to go to Walmart and pay full price every time! 😠
 gerkoria lol really!? finna go to walmart bc i've felt like shit all day 😂😭
 GraysonDolan I'll run to Walmart for you 😉
Why is  Walmart buying up brands?  modcloth  bonobos  business
 ViolaMaryE  r_butnotkelly They say Walmart but I can't find them anywhere! They have anti-itch spray, a perfume fo… 
I m FUVKED UPPPPPP Im screaming like tarazan in a walmart candy isle cuz im so do so stoned LOL
Two doggie drivers crashed a car into a Walmart store. They, the car & the store are all OK 🙌
I hate walmart & its employees
Alternative Fact: 7 out of 10 Cherokee High School 2015 graduates work at Walmart.
Thought I'd seen it all at Walmart until I stood in line behind the whitest dude I've ever seen blasting Kodak Black off a Beats Pill
 Staples do you carry clear glue I can never find any at Walmart
We will be at the Foothills Walmart next Friday and Saturday as well! Any donation is accepted even opened bags of dog/cat food!
Oh, Walmart via /r/softwaregore 
Walmart greeters should hand out Valium when you first walk in.
I just realized that I won't have the feeling of going into Walmart and seeing school supplies and getting sad anymore haHhah
my cousin works at jewel and they ran out of ham so he went to Walmart, bought all their hams, and brought them back to jewel
Wow Walmart is a lot more alive when it's not 1 AM
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Modcloth
Only in a small town a quick trip to Walmart turns into you walking out an hour later!  SocialTime
So salty that Walmart still has Starboy in their new music section like....??
Why tf everybody and they damn momma wanna come to Walmart the day before Easter 😒.
Walmart on 441 stay packed
So happy I got to see my friend rosemary  94Singer   Walmart Fallon 
I mean I could be wrong but I don't think putting Walmart rims on your Honda Civic makes it a race car
Who is dressing Pence's wife? WalMart?
So I'm walking outside of Walmart and I couldn't find my keys. 🙄🙄🙄
I fucking hate Walmart.
 hedifazai1 And so did I. I just left Walmart and parents were having their kids pick their baskets out. Smh
Someone is doing a giveaway for FSD from Walmart but when I went to enter it said I was blocked. I don't remember who sent to though.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist The Situation With Walmart and FNAF
 RealMarcCohen  MarshaCollier It's larger than any of my normal chargers but I found this at Walmart  techradio 
 tikigirl328  sjackson1271 We'd end up in one of those "People of Walmart" slideshows!
"Too nice to be an bouncer; too mean to be a Walmart Greeter -  thel200ster about Skulk
Bold Easter Basket Ideas For Men +  100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway - Mom Always Finds Out via  momfindsout
From Mashable: Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
 suzdal92  Walmart There were grocery bags in the trees at my local  Walmart. Pretty sad.
Mashable: Does Bonobos make sense? Does Bonobos make sense?… 
Big boi bottles  FLYGOTTIMUSIC   Walmart Panama City Beach 
Traffic generator, drive real human traffic to your website or blog!  traffic  WebTraffic | Walmart Extends Online…
I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure a lady at Walmart complimented my hair...she was either talking to me or her daughter
walmart is the perfect place to use heelys bc the the floors are smooth and the employees are all too dead inside to yell at you
 TheJohnSenning  OneCrowdedTable Walmart on Gandy in Tampa has plenty of ammo for the end of the world.
Twitter Likes and followers hack 
 AskUGA
 Walmart
Raptors 
Idc if I go to Walmart or what, I'm leaving the house today.
⚡ Recode: Walmart is in advanced talks to buy Bonobos


Walmart is my favorite place
 twittingdinos I'm in Walmart for the second time today  homeiswherethejumexis
 realsimplemama 1  at Walmart & I could go on & on & on LOL 🐰🐣💜 
Teaching my dad how to online shop from Walmart lol 😂
I hope I never become the person who sits in their car all day in the Walmart parking lot...  lifegoals
I have work in 30 minutes and I lost my little brother in Walmart 🙃
I no longer find comfort in the neighborhood Walmart on 8th st :(
 jenny_wen Literally my current experience. Walmart near me has like 50% automated self-checkout, 50% people. Don’t… 
So is Walmart closed down cause it's kind of the day before easter and I kind of need to get some shit 🤓
 RedStarErica We forgot all about those! Those are so good. We will have to get some. Happy Easter to you! -Pia
Walmart is packed af 😣
 Walmart why you stop carrying  phinandphebes ice cream at my store. That stuff is phenomenal.
i took alexis to walmart & every single adult gave me a concerned look. SHES MY COUSIN I PROMISE.
Lord, give me strength as I enter Walmart!  EasterWeekend
Got a parrot cichlid from Walmart, poor thing looked miserable. He lacks coloring from their food and looked like a… 
at walmart with my mom and a white lady passed by and looked at the sazón with a confused look as to what it was. tragic.
Found marks "it is what is it" tee at Walmart on sale for  3...you bet your ass I bought it
 BVSEDALLAH Walmart was busy AF
How come every time I go to Walmart I see my ex
Wow. Irvington Walmart. Wow. It should, once in your life, be experienced. But only once...  PeopleWatching  Walmart  Omaha  MeanStreetsOMA
 OriginalFunko Do you have any Rey with Speeder pops left to sell? I missed out online by minutes and no Walmart seems to have them in store
uuu i went to walmart!!! tru american  jk
So funny to watch people that are hella dumb and they think they're right but they're wrong and it gets proven lol  Walmart
Hateful Ed Sheeran goes to walmart
 ChuckNellis gotta be Walmart. 
 catsforsupper Walmart?
Why is Walmart buying up brands? via  enews24ghanta 
This 88-year-old Walmart greeter was fired, and the store’s reasoning is absurd - pgoeltz: See on Scoop.it... 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? Via  enews24ghanta 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Ruston, LA 
I gotta stop by Walmart omw home, God help me 🙄
A little girls dream of being beautiful.. "Makeup And Perfumes!" While I dream of a Gas Mask. 
Man when u work at walmart u will some strange shit 🤦🏾‍♂️😂
Walmart again?! 💁🏼🚨🚨 
Seeing a  ps2 game at  walmart was funny!  playstation2  grandtheftauto3  gta3  retrogaming  sony  gamefinds 
I liked a  YouTube video TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART! (I PUT WALMART FOR SALE)
 Uber  Walmart Get this shit off my TL and pay your drivers more
Im gon do a live stream of me rollingarounf the floor in walmart
 AwesomeDude_off  LtCorbis Full suspension bike, but with hand shifters and rim brakes? Did you buy that at Walmart
Here I go again going in for one thing at Walmart walking out with the whole damn store
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
Hi  Walmart in Wichita, it might be a good idea to have a talk with your meth head employees about how to speak to customers.
finally went to walmart i'm sooo happy 😛😛
I hate Middlesboro Walmart so much.
My life is currently an empty wine bottle in a Walmart parking lot.
*Sees relish in Walmart and begins reciting the entirety of Hamilton starting with: "Will you RELISH being a poor man's wife?"*
 theregostarr Walmart lol I gotta nail this interview I need a job, pray for me
I'm all for supporting black businesses but don't get scammed with some coconut oil with Walmart glitter in it just for the culture
Win  10 WalMart Gift Card
Spring in our Step Blog Hop Giveaway
LAST DAY TO ENTER!! 
 giveaway,  giveaways, 

A professor, a lawsuit, and a Walmart 
 witteeme That would be any little girls dream come true. What do you think they would head for first? -Pia
Why is Walmart buying up brands? - Mashable - 
You can now get trump approved pallets at walmart 
 Hersheys The last bag in the store  Walmart Yay me! 😂🐰 
Full of clothes that don't fit to my aunts house for my cousin, went to Walmart, and now I'm not moving for the rest of the day
This is a behind 2 weeks shopping spree while rushing.   Walmart Clayton - Hoke Rd 
How this lady think she can steal a tv from Walmart
 PopPunk dyn was workin at walmart for a minute
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lawrenceville, GA 
 Walmart The customer service manager and many of the staff at the Moreno Valley Super Wal Martin are all horribly rude. Shame on Walmart!
 Easter Eve..&  Walmart shelves are WIPED-OUT. Well..except for those spilled  Reeses eggs... Happy  EasterEve!… 
Walmart Reveals a New Online Discount Program Designed to Attack Amazon Not Having Stores via  yahoo
 socialmedia  itcd  Why is  Walmart buying up brands?  modcloth  bonobos  business
 javaheriali why you look like the Walmart brand Lord Farquad 
 tamiacrandle Walmart😂
why is walmart always so damn busy
Ohhhhh the fucking nightmare that is Walmart the day before easter 😫
The cesley gothic is hanging out in a walmart parking lot for 2 hours listening to Bon jovi
 JN_Floyd  important_pod Cosco vs Sam's = chicken bake vs Walmart knock off. Cotton candy = pixy stick + drywall in… 
Why?  badfit Walmart ( 221B market cap) is in advanced talks to acquire clothing brand and e-re... via  launchticker 
They sell one punch man stuff at Walmart 😭 how cool!
WALMART RESPONDED TO MY BOT
 Tech News: Why is Walmart buying up brands? - Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel like... 
Hey  walmart it is 4:15 pm and no pizza. We want answers. 
 _BeautySoDope meet me at home i'm at walmart rn
went to Best buy and Walmart to look for a switch, sadly no luck
Some say I look like the Walmart version of Megan Fox
i settled on Dios_Snapback , the shitty walmart version of DiosLipstick so add me and make me hate myself a little less than i do rn
 voguemagazine I bought this exact thing from Walmart for  12
Come to Walmart and support  CMN ❤️💛 MissAmericaServes  SD  MissSD4CMN

Walmart McDonald's is so lit
Thanks  for the gifts so far for the Ga. Baptist Children's Home! Collecting WalMart gift cards/non-perishable food items 4/26 deadline
Love seeing giants bite back;  Walmart aims to acquire  Bonobos after  Jet acquisition last year  tech  ecommerce
 HStylesCollege I thought that's the way you are supposed to dress for Walmart? 😜
 Walmart My little girls want a whole day to shop at  WalMart without me saying "No" to anything they want.… 
 TheBillyProcida Sure, until the 900 pound women wearing only a thong goes to Walmart!  MyEyes
 walmart commenting by not commenting - brand damage much? This 88-year-old greeter fired, reasoning absurd 
 SamanthaMuraski Fuck Walmart
I lost my wallet today at Walmart and somebody turned it into lost and found 😩🙌🏻😍 there is still good in the world!
 chasidyfuckyou !!!!!!!!! this is exactly what you're looking for. it's like  6 at Walmart 
 Cocain_19 Mine is a Dallas Cowboys bag full of Walmart bags 😈
This walmart people are taking for ever
 DanRyckert Worth checking. Walmart near me had 3. Punch in ZIP.


I was seriously just in Walmart for 5 minutes, spent  121 and didn't get what I actually came for 🤗
 dusa faze hateful works at walmart now
 LeaMichele cannonball played at walmart and i literally fell to the ground because of how happy i was to hear it there 😭❤️
 pokebeach_wpm My local Walmart already has this box in stock, I will be opening it on YouTube tomorrow. 
I imagine that my own personal hell when I die will in fact be the Oneida Walmart
Got kicked out of walmart for asking everyone where the Bone Hurting Juice aisle is located
Chanel vs Walmart 
Walmart’s latest shot at Amazon: Giving you discounts to pick up online orders in store:

Nothing I hate more than going to Walmart in Calexico
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Enews24ghanta 
 enews24ghanta Why is Walmart buying up brands? via  enews24ghanta 
Especially Islandia Walmart 😐
Why is Walmart buying up brands? by  mashable  News  update 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? Via  Enews24Ghanta 
 enews24ghanta Why is Walmart buying up brands? Via  enews24ghanta 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? (Emma Hinchliffe/Mashable!) 
When Target doesn't have what you need and you'd rather die than spend any amount of time in Walmart
Dear "ladies", just because it's Walmart doesn't make you not obligated to flush the toilet..
Serious question: Has anyone's mom ever actually went into Walmart for "just a few minutes" or "just a few things"?
I swear to god a transaction at Walmart never goes smoothly. Person in front of you only has 3 items? Well they'll try to pay in quarters
Wow  Walmart is looking at buying  Bonobos I don't see their customers buying 175.00 a pair bro dude pants. Not how you handle a bad quarter
I wanted to buy two books at Walmart so bad but I didn't 😅 I'm pretty proud of myself 🙌🏼
I don't even like Walmart or Krogers anymore ! 😂😂
 realDudeistMonk I heard mark hamill was spotted at Walmart; he buys beefaroni by the case. Anything else going on?
Ok Then Walmart 
Me VS tying not to check out the cute girl at Walmart
 lmaopayton  PostMalone mah dude there's a discount on bleach at Walmart
just spent legit 20 minutes looking for my car in the parking lot at Walmart ugh
Why is  Walmart buying up brands?: Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really… 
We are still haunted by the dead bats that people found in their salads purchased at Walmart. 
Walmart is reacting, not leading. When you're reacting, you're losing. 
 daddymalia ...it's a pillow they literally sell it at walmart
 DorfmanJeffrey Walmart paid so little staff qualified for public assistance, but made the owners some of the wealt… 
Another Omni-commerce acquisition by Walmart.  retail  tech 
As we leave Walmart. I see a cute boy 😭
 WhosChaos I was at Walmart today and I saw this 
HAPPY EASTER   Walmart 
There's a couple dancing together in the middle of the aisle in Walmart. What is going on 😳
 Shopping at  Walmart for stuff! 

I really went to Walmart for Danimals, Fruit Loops and juice
i get most of my clothes from walmart and goodwill cuz those are the only places in town that have new clothes for cheap
Two mothers just got in a fist fight over the last of the Cadbury eggs   Walmart.. welcome to Easter in America 😳🙄
Tinkertoy 65-Piece Essentials Just  14.49! Down From  25!  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals  Tinkertoy
14 Quart Turkey Roaster Just  19.94! Down From  25!  Instagram  Walmart  Cookware  deal  deals
*HOTTEST* Walmart Deals Under  1!! via Everyone Loves Couponing - Check out the BEST Walmart Deals ... 
 PassDa_KoolAid Damn cutting up in Walmart
There's an Easter bunny in Walmart and I almost fucking screamed
 NardInThePaint  hellacorey Support your local Walmart!!! Shop small!!!!!
 Walmart I have shopped your stores for many years-4 registers open-self-serv has 15 carts waiting-take care of customers-Easter weekend
I hate walmart I hate walmart I hate walmart I hate walmart I hate walmart I hate walmart I hate walmart I hate walmart I hate walmart I hat
This was me the other day in Walmart 🤦🏾‍♀️ 
 amberlywaves  Walmart Waiting for a reply from customer service. 
😐😐😐
 NonLiberalPAer Sally wears snap front cotton boxers from Walmart men's department. Works better with the strap - on dong.
 F3theFort I was just assaulted by a very tall brute with black toenails and ashy feet while Easter shopping at WalMart.  CThompson74
Y'all will run and get every pair of j's that come out and run and get a  7 fit from Walmart and not comb lol pookie hair b4 taking a pic
Arm & Hammer Detergent only  1.63! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
Southwest Grilled Corn Recipe via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at Walmart ... 
The other day the censor went off at Walmart on my mom and I screamed "thief! We have a thief!" & I still can't stop laughing about it tbh.
 Corxzon Like an hour. I'm at Walmart
Walmart is beyond packed right now. Why do we all do things last minute 🙄🙄🙄
Is it just my family or does everyone one else have a walmart bag full of other walmart bags in a hall closet too
Just saw a glimpse of my future.. old lady walking out of Walmart with four boxes of cat litter & wine
 AffableDuckling //Aaaaa I just found them today at my Walmart and I'm in love! :O they have the keychain ones that… 
 _KTrice I can't remember honestly but try Walmart, target or Meier!!
Walmart out they mf minds if they think I'm working 12-11 today
VIRTUAL REALITY PRANK!!(WALMART EDITION!) via  YouTube
Reports that Walmart - Bonobos deal is nearly signed
Went to get ice cream   the Drive through and plans change & im at Walmart and I'm not wearing a bra 🙃🙃🙃
I seen a movie at Walmart with  kramergirl on the cover so I bought it but never heard of it. But I'm sure it's good
 alikrueger15 None of that here at Walmart in Watertown SD. 
 suzdal92  Walmart Did they fix it?
Currently at Walmart looks like a bunny on crack.... 
Starts April 19!!! 
 PixieLaBrador They did not! Mom did not not flatware she and dad both liked. Will look at walmart and Target.
Will never come to walmart the day before easter EVER AGAIN 
 shopkick Couldn't scan anything at Walmart today. Tried to go the page and got error. Tried at diff times! Reload… 
 tdodge93 walmart
A sista just told me my hair was beautiful at walmart and I almost jumped out my body thanking her...fine ass girl
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Checotah, OK 
Went into Walmart expecting to spend  60 and came out with  150 worth of stuff🤦🏽‍♀️ this shit better last me the rest of the year!
We got maybe half of 25 registers open.. that is one of the reasons why I hate Walmart 😑
THERE IS SOMEONE DRESSED AS THE EASTER BUNNY AT WALMART JUST WALKING AROUND LMAO
Bought some "Fucks" today at Walmart.. They were having a sale..Buy 2 get 8 free... I've given 9 away and have 1 Fuck left to give..

Cmere
 shanedawson They have the same fucking thing at walmart
My mom is making me go to Walmart the day before Easter rip me
IM STUCK AT WALMART FOR TWO HOURS SOS
Grocery shopping, Walmart run, picked up the ham, everything put away, finished and filed taxes. Busy two days "off". Tmrw cooking & church.
You CAN  garyvee  grantcardone   Walmart Savannah - Ogeechee Rd 
 trollprincess Even if you want a job at McDonald's or Walmart or whatever, they all use online application portals now
i seen all of williamson, pike, and floyd county people at pikeville walmart and food city today😂
It's nice to know that I'm not the only one wondering about the Walmart parking lot looking for my car. Scary thing as I was the youngest
Going to Walmart the Saturday evening before Easter someone please pray for my tattered soul.
I can't be the only one that thinks Chuck is a walmart Shaq
I go into Walmart for glasses and I couldn't find any stupid ass readers 🙄 i can't wait til Wednesday
this random girl at walmart tapped my arm and told me i had a very nice butt lmfoaoao
DVD Player Mondial D - 15 co... Apenas R 110.99 Acesse  TV  SmartTV   oferta  desconto… 
lmao a white BOY WALKED OUT OF WALMART IN A GOLF SHIRT AND TEAL SHORTS LIGHTER THAN MY SHIRT
They sell Bob Ross shirts at Walmart 
Before & After: Inside  Walmart's New  NeighborhoodMarket Format  retail 
 mamacitam92 i only say Walmart cuz they're the super nice ones. A little thicker and the material is nice and soft
 JKS_Wardrobe  AsiaPrince_JKS Did u go to Walmart ha ha lol
Damn......  YouTube..... damn sponsors pulled away.  amazon  pepsi  Walmart  CocaCola 😔 it's been a fun journey You… 
Walmart is a madhouseeee😳
Mashable: Why is Walmart buying up brands? - Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel like W... 
 PLthe1  laurenduca After Katrina, rats has unlimited food supply & cats removed by animal lovers. Every day WalMar… 
International terminals were made for people watching. This shit is better than Walmart.
man I love hanging out in Walmart
I just chased a dog though Walmart. How's your day been?
When your grandmother says we are having family photos but they are at Walmart. 🙄fml
Walmart – Analista De Marketing Pl (E-mail Marketing) 
 softlykook  frizzyfrizzay  quenblackwell Probably Walmart
WALMART BEAUTY UNBOXING SPRING 2017: via  YouTube
15 Worse Walmart Customers You Will See..

Why is Walmart buying up brands?: Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really… 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? - 
It would be a damn shame if Walmart actually made their employees go outside and get buggies for once.
There is always a mom yelling loudly at a child in Walmart.
Jessica got mad because she got worse ass on a MADE UP list by a Walmart Eminem and Hannah got best? lmaoooo GROW UP!
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist  5 SUBSCRIPTION BOX?!!! | Spring 2017 WalMart Trendsetter Beauty Box
I got out the car before going into Walmart & she says "you have a nice ass" when I asked about my jeans 😂 I was shocked at her language
I was in Walmart and a cashier said I looked like her cousin... guess I have a TWIN always wanted one😂😂😂
Dog I just went to Walmart for some deodorant and soap looking a hot ass mess 😩😂
It has been 7 years since I moved to East Tennessee. Why do I still get anxiety every time I walk into the Roane county Walmart? 😳😳
Great results from  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  shespeaksup 
i told my brother i was gonna buy rihanna's puma sneakers and he said they look like something out of walmart ):
40 something was giving me 👀 in Walmart I was giving them right back 😂
To the guy who slapped my ass at Walmart & said "that's nice" 2 things 1. Your a pig and 2 thanks for distracting my mom I'm now   makeup 😂
I liked a  YouTube video GUY TRIES TO FIGHT ME AT WALMART ON FILM! (TOILET PAPER FORT)
Made a  Walmart run to and finished my Rogue One characters. Bodhi and the Walmart Exclusive Baze & Stormtrooper we… 
I'm at Walmart in Tomball, TX 
See ya Tuesday Walmart ✌🏾️
Why is Walmart buying up brands? - Mashable 
Walmart on a Saturday before a Holiday is a BoeingD idea
Sorry, to be fair some don't have a walmart

Or grocery store

Just a gas station/post office

🤣
 buck_bauer Of course we want to help. Check out our selection at: -Pia
You never see freak of natures like you see at Walmart
 Walmart I DONT GET BULLIED BY BIG BUISNESS I BULLY RIGHT BoeingCK WITH THE "LAW OF THE LAND" ON MY SIDE YOU WILL BE HEARING FROM THE AG SOON
I felt so awkward at Walmart buying a bunch a baby shit for work & a shit ton of beer 😂🤷🏽‍♀️👶🏼
my mom literally left me at walmart
 AyyTreyy actually got it going to chicago cause i didnt have a sweatshirt and walmart had them for like 10 😂
 afadiga26  STR8Lavish  winderemerson16  nautica  Walmart  SalvationArmyUS  ShopRiteStores  Kohls Daaamn let em liiive
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE WALMART?!  WALMART  Walmart  HappyEaster  eastercommercial  easter  commercial… 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  digitalmarketing  news  today via  Easy_Branches 
 5 SUBSCRIPTION BOX?!!! | Spring 2017 WalMart Trendsetter Beauty Box Unboxing: via  YouTube
ATTI:  ML09Purple 141 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 4/15/2017 5:56:55 PM
Tell me why I'm tryna but my sister a swimsuit in Walmart, Walmart! And this guy just tried to sell me his mixtape
I swear 99% of the ppl I see at Walmart are crackheads
Early morning Walmart run and finally found Wonder Woman stuff  wonderwomanfunkopop… 
 Lopek  HynesStephen  jroussiii  FoxNews So unless food comes from walmart or anotger big store its poisoned? More… 
Niggas buying champion from the mall like I can't go to Walmart right now for a loaf of bread and buy the same shir… 
When the highlight of your shit hole town is your one Walmart, bug gut painting and meth are good options

I guess 🤷 
Gallon of chocolate milk at Walmart for a dollar. 🤤🤤
i been at walmart  all day feel like 🙄🙄
i'm about to have a breakdown in walmart
why lil Jon & the eastside boys in Walmart lmfaoo
 culversandramen *extended fam spots me in Walmart* HEY ITS BECCA
*me* I'm sorry, who are you? Whoops, gotta jet
bonobos everywhere shake their heads in dismay at being connected to Walmart like this, then they go off for some m… 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
Does Bonobos make sense? 
My aunt so lucky I respect her shit. I was ready to knock this girl big ass head off her shoulders in walmart😂
Wal-Mart in advanced talks to buy Bonobos: Recode  ecommerce  digital 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  ecommerce  digital 
Does Bonobos make sense? 
— Mashable (mashable) April 15, 2017

 MerchantCashAdvance  BlueStreakAdvances
 Loneclone_  DarrenTaylor98  Walmart MOVE TO THE UK MY LOCAL STORE STILL HAS LITERALLY HUNDREDS OF THEM. FUCK.
 Courtneyy17_ Walmart like the rest of Ada
Mashable - Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
 Walmart partners with to launch  Asda in  China 
Does Bonobos make sense? via Mashable
I thought they were monkeys who used sex to settle disputes. Is that a return policy at Walmart's now? 
 technos Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
 Walmart IS LYING TO YOU WHEN THEIR TRUCKS HAVE NOT ARRIVED BECAUSE THEY KEEP THE ITEMS FOR THEMSELVES AND LIE SO YOU CANT GET A HOT PRODUCT
79¢ at Amazon,   9.20 at Walmart 
Grab your free copy of The Southern Ocean Times at the Lanoka Harbor Walmart.  micromediapubs 
 famouserica14 😂😂 definitely said I was going to Walmart or something nearby
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  speciaali 
I found the holy isle in all of Walmart 
 RaekwonJSteele Walmart
Top story: Former Laurel Wal-Mart manager charged with staging  400,000 store r… see more 
I was in Walmart and all I saw was porcelain dolls with blonde hair.. so I moved all the black dolls to the front 
 Walmart TIME FOR EVERY CUSTOMER THATS BEEN LIED TOO BY WALMART EMPLOYEES TO FILE FTC COMPLAINTS AND TO THEIR AG FOR FRAUD
“HIV Virus” Found In Walmart Bananas After 10 Year Old Boy Agreements The Infection via  0xarch
So apparently theres a fire goimg on near the WalMart i go to.
I just wiped the fuck OUT in Walmart parking lot 😐😐😐😐😐
 vrai777☄℅  mashable Does Bonobos make sense? 
"you can't afford to get lit anymore this weekend, you look like 3 am Walmart" -Tina Holewinski
Does Bonobos make sense? < >
Does Bonobos make sense? via mashable
Found the Easter Bunny wandering around Walmart  littleone… 
 DiamondsNTears People of Walmart is one of the saddest sites online 🤣
yes i know im pregnant & look 15 but mind your DAMN BUSINESS lady at walmart im 19 & will still throat punch you
😒I be mad if I be in walmart shopping and somebody pull up me like " What that shit you said on facebook nigga " 😒
walked into walmart just now and instantly got hit with anxiety lol.
Especially at Walmart 
Former Laurel Wal-Mart manager charged with staging  400,000 store... 
Grand street Walmart is the sketchiest Walmart you can't even argue
 Kendra86360851  cybervoyager  SHEKOFEHH  RealLambright  6centscott  10Hercules10  ReillocNaes  INP&GH412… 
My new Walmart special shirt 😂 
I have the Walmart one! ^_^ 
(I made this at Walmart) Don't steal my idea 
 UpperDeckHockey Opened some Walmart boxes and the Toronto rookies start flowing out. Good day. 
go get some shit at Walmart
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE WALMART?!  Walmart walmart  ᴇᴀsᴛᴇʀᴇɢɢs  eastercommercial  commercial… 
*goes to provo just to hold hands in walmart*
 Sinisterbabe Aaww, we needed that! We got ours and we are sharing it with you now 👐. Happy Easter! 🐰 -Pia
Marc Lore, founder of jet,is going to turn  walmart into a premium e commerce machine via  Recode
this baby behind me in walmart keeps smiling at me, she's the sweetest thing ever😍
Sony Blush Pink 14" VAIO VPCEG1AFX/P Laptop PC with Intel Pentium Dual-Core B940 Processor and Windows 7 Home Pr  ad 
Tell  Walmart to STOP buying seafood from Canadian sealers! Sign   sealhunt 
The thing about MD though.... We have WalMart, Target, Food Lion, Safeway, Giant, AND Wegman's... Idk where to shop for my veggies n fruit
Having to deal with a very rude  Walmart cashier because I wanted  80 cash back this morning was not a great start to my day.
HP SmartBuy ProBook 450 G3 15.6" Laptop, Windows 10 Home, Intel Core i5-6200U Processor, 4GB RAM, 500GB Hard Dri  ad 
[52] Why is Walmart buying up brands?  realtime 
I've never cried in walmart before.
 TeamTrumpRussia  robert7019  bluehand007 I use "agent orange" spraying weeds. You can buy at Walmart. Nice try, th… 
 realDonaldTrump  why is that Walmart and Target hire Mexicans who speak only Spanish when black people have it hard finding jobs??
 AshleyWarrior  my6girls2012 Just saw(last month)a burqa couple at a FL Walmart buying  700 worth of groceries on a EBT card!
I wish I could be as cool as the kids blasting their shitty music on their phone in Walmart.. maybe someday
So friends I started my busy day with my V8 Energy drink. Went to Walmart and used my coupons!!  V8  SteadyEnergy… 
 Rihvace I think you can get it anywhere but Walmart/target
This is awful just awful im going back to walmart cuz ppl talk yo me there
Who knew eggs would be such a hot commodity ?? Hubs found at walmart  thankyouJesusforWalmart 
just got called a bitch at Walmart for not talking to some boy that asked why I wasn't "gon say whassup" Jesus farmville
I'm at Walmart! 
New post (Why is Walmart buying up brands?) has been published on Bonjournal-best Hub of News -… 
 Deezhohn  GovernorBullock If the label fits, you wear it proudly (much like that Walmart Duck Dynasty you have goi… 
 business Why is Walmart buying up brands? - Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel like W... 
 Mashable Why is Walmart buying up brands? - Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel like W... 
Look what i got...Maplewood walmart....Go and get you one!!!!😆😆😆😆 ...  PokemonGO  WorldOfAsh  Pokemon

Visit 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  mashable 
*HOTTEST* Walmart Deals Under  1!! -  couponers  couponing  couponingcommunity
Igloo Legend 1-Quart Beverage Container Only  3.59 (Regularly  9.30)… 
Ed, at Walmart, made it right. Thank you, Ed
Mashable "Why is Walmart buying up brands?"  News
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Helena, AL 
79¢ at Amazon,  9.20  at Walmart 
 lovesickstarcs i love walmart
There's a really old guy in Walmart wearing a MAGA hat. Wrong city to wear that shit in lol
I want pineapples but don't feel like driving to Walmart
Walmart In-Store Deals 11/27/16 | Diapers Included | Searching Deals For You  staged 
Renewable Energy: Walmart stores, other commercial buildings to have energy-storage systems installed 
I just walked out of Walmart cause I left my wallet at home omfg I'm so embarrassed
79¢ at Amazon,  9.20 at  Walmart 
The items you find at Walmart... hmm
 realDonaldTrump  pence's "mother" looks like she shops at WalMart. Maybe he hasn't shared all his  Russian income with her
Best part about Walmart is you can walk in looking like a complete wacko and not be judged
Walmart wants to deploy in-store drones 
Tak'N pic with the Easter Bunny   Walmart Thornton 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  strartup  Dubai  UAE  Innovation
79¢ at  Amazon,  9.20 at Walmart 
Need to go get something to eat. And Walmart. 

Doesn't feel like getting up.
I saw someone in a bunny costume at Walmart and I've never been more terrified in my life 😧
Hi don't go to Walmart rn bc there's a billion people and you're sure to have a freaking panic attack I would know
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  mashable
This every Walmart bagger ever ???, fuck you saying???? 
 KevegoingFed I'm at Walmart.
Love Bonobos. Hope if deal goes through with Walmart that it won't affect product quality. 
I liked a  YouTube video AIR HORN TOILET PAPER FORT PRANK IN WALMART! (SCARING PEOPLE)
Samsung UN28H4500 28-inch HD 720p Smart LED TV CMR 120 Plus Tilt Mount & Hook-Up Bundle includes 28-inch HD LED,  ad 
 Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  startup  Dubai  KSA
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  media  articles
Sustainability... its where its at these days! Ask yourself...if there wasnt a walmart or 7eleven down the street, would I survive onmyown?
Why is Walmart buying up brands?: 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Tech  TechNews 
"Why is Walmart buying up brands?"  Mashable  News
As we digitize retail environments, I wonder if human interactions will come at a premium (i.e. humans at Holt Renfrew, robots at Walmart).
Why is Walmart buying up brands? via Emma Hinchliffe
Why is Walmart buying up brands? 

Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel like Walmart. 

The…
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  SocialMedia 
 zelbosa I thought you against vore?
Also that would be worse than running into them at Walmart
 skysaiI idk if it makes a difference between gel and paste

and they sell scratch pens and scratch remover at plac… 
More crack heads than usual at the airway heights Walmart. Now that's a lot of crack heads!  HappyEaster
 immHAMMY i love walmart with you, we just go too much😂😂💖
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Tech  Technology 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? via  mashable  SMM  SocialMedia 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? Facebook Google+ Linkedin …
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Modcloth  Bonobos  tech  news 
 World  News  Why is Walmart buying up brands?   StopRussianAggression  lbloggers… 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Modcloth  Bonobos  Walmart 
I should not be able to see ya walmart panties through ya sundress. Get it together ! 🤦🏾‍♂️
 NEWS Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
"I need lemon zest" 
"what do you mean? can't you just buy a lemon?"
"i can't just shave a lemon" 

i hate walmart
Apparently, Flavien was not impressed with the "French Bread" sold at Walmart.  FrenchInAmerica 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?: Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel like…… 
Why is  Walmart buying up brands? 
 dwtsrebekah You are most welcome! We would love to hear your fdbk on all but especially on the shampoo & conditioner! -Pia
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Modcloth 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?   mashable 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
Going to Walmart on Saturday is an excellent way to develop hypertension.
I know my fear of the Easter bunny is irrational but that didn't stop me from screaming when the one at Walmart tried to hug me😖😖😖
Heard two of our  POUNDfit songs IN A ROW on my way home from Walmart  AimeeZaph! And it was just what I needed after that insanity... 🥁🥁🥁
Why is Walmart buying up brands? ☄ ⛱  v Mashable〽 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Facebook  android  app go to 
 HoustonChron Walmart you are beginning  to show your true are sounding like United Airline… 
The new issue of the FREE walmart gaming magazine has a Injustice 2 poster in it :o 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? Follow For More 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? via  franjesuslopez 
Why is Walmart buying up brands? <-- Love it! 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Modcloth  Bonobos 
Wal-Mart in advanced talks to buy Bonobos: Recode 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  ANDROID 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  downloader  androidapps
"Why is Walmart buying up brands?" by Emma Hinchliffe via Mashable  news
The geese people watch at Walmart too. No nest, just a couple staring at everyone who went by.  geese  spring 
BRAND NEW WALMART FAMILY MOBILE T-MOBILE NOKIA LUMIA 521 FACTORY SEALED  Nokia Lumia  nokia
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  World  News  Web  Culture  Social  Watercooler  Business… 
You only know what it feels like to live in Napoleon if you have gone to Tbell and Walmart more than once in a day
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  Tech  Innovation 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  tech 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  iPOst
 Conface Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
Why is Walmart buying up brands?
Why is Walmart buying up brands?   sm  SocialMedia
Why is Walmart buying up brands?  socialmedia  mktg
Why is Walmart buying up brands? via  mashbusiness
Skittles Easter Candy at Walmart for  0.75 with Coupon 
Social Media: Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
Keeping it real out on the ranch in middle of Florida at Walmart.
Gift Card  giveaway  100 for Amazon, Walmart or Target  las930   DROP_PRICE

Yes. Just got the runaround from "Linda" for an hour.  Walmart  walmarthelp literally the worst customer service I'… 
Took a good long walk to walmart. Spent 52 dollars....just cause..... now its time to wash Princess.😎😎😎😎😎😎
 drunkkqueenn I got mine from Walmart but I'm in between sizes so I'm just salty they have them in a few good places lol
Gostei de um vídeo  YouTube Gift Card Giveaway|| Giveaway Free Walmart Gift Card
 mrstmd813 Walmart does for just  20 over
When ur wondering around Walmart and looking thru magazines and find ur mama  ALISHAMARIE 
Look who we found at the Navarre  walmart 🐰🎀💛  EasterBunny  shopnavarre   Walmart Navarre 
I love and hate Walmart.
.Walmart has a new discount program —Here’s what shoppers need to know  BSAFunds
⚡️ “Recode: Walmart is in advanced talks to buy Bonobos”
 Walmart See Vista Partners  investing
Why is Walmart buying up brands? 

Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel like Walmart. 

The… 
Walmart is based!?! 
whom exactly is this walmart 
79¢  at Amazon,  9.20 at Walmart 
When I tell y'all this walk rey be long af to the gym or to Walmart I mean it
 mjvaldes84 Walmart?
Went to Walmart for damn cleaning supplies and left with a whole entire TV 😅😂
Found chanel today ...Funny People Of Walmart Pic 17 
Even if my pool 🏊 was supposed to be here yesterday. I'll still be happy. Fuck u   Walmart
 marcan42 It was them or Walmart. Johnson&Johnson is lazy these days.. This is why I spend dollars more at the loca… 
 jttennis_satx Well... That's a good question & we would like to know that too, so let us hear you at Thanks! -Ania
 Walmart Whoppers!!!  In the shape of eggs!!
Why is Walmart buying up brands? via mashable 
 Deuce1042 I can picture myself working at walmart....hahaa jk! I mea I feel like there are other things that interest me.
 CinematicDiscos Fine.. *Walks To Walmart And Buys a Tent*
 funkopops  ebay Funko Pop dc exclusive lot batman superman joker harley quinn hot topic walmart… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pell City, AL 
So.....I'm sitting in my car like a stalker. Staring at the Walmart entrance like, "Where's my groceries?"
I hate shopping at Walmart more than just about everything
i hate going to walmart
Saw the Easter Bunny at Walmart while shopping :) 
 Walmart The sour crawlers. Best deal I've seen since last summer XD
WALMART NO LONGER SELLS MY FAVORITE MASCARA. WTF
 CDiddy420 Happy Easter to you too! 🐰 -Pia
What   Walmart Bloomington - American Blvd E 
My cousin wanted to go in the trunk ok the way home from Walmart..we don't have a hatchback 🤷🏽‍♀️
Why go to  coachella when you can go to walmart to be basic  basicbish
Walmart pharmacists are kind of slow
Nothing has scared me more than when I turned down an aisle in Walmart today and ran right into a dude in an Easter bunny costume 😩🙈🖕🏼
Queen Helene's Cocoa Butter Lotion is only  2 at Walmart & its wayyy better than the expensive ones
tries to search the watership down tag, types "walmart" in the search bar instead
 CreteCarrierCorporation: Walmart Dedicated  Truck Driving... in  PuebloCOUnitedStates  job 
 CaravellaBeth  SHEKOFEHH  RealLambright  6centscott  10Hercules10  ReillocNaes  INP&GH412  TonyPerkisjr… 
 grigioprayer That's always the case when you want to get in and out. I hate walmart sometimes😖
It never fails I always get the fucked up cart at Walmart. 🛒
 THEONLYMCGIRT Have you not been in Walmart lately?
79¢ at Amazon,  9.20 at Walmart 
 GabriellaSif and I in Walmart is a comedy! 😂😂 
The lady in front of me in line at Walmart just ripped ass I'm pressed I'm gonna be sick
It feels like the end times in a walmart parking lot 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Brooksville, FL 
WALMART manager charged with staging store robbery in which was shot… 
I salute you woman in hijab beside me at the Walmart, also last minute shopping for plastic Easter Eggs to put in our kids baskets.

America
The people of Walmart really bring out the worst in me
I FOUND THE EVIL WITHIN AT WALMART FOR  10 !!! 
It's sad that at 4 pm on a Saturday I'm at Walmart. It's even worse that the store is packed.
Admittedly I've never been very good at math,pbut I'm pretty sure th.t Walmart + holidays +pwomen in mom jeans stuffed in Ugc boots = Hell
 CoryWalloch Oh no, those long lines again! Please share your experience with us at and with a store manager. -Ania
 BeefInTheBox  Target Nice to know they price match. Walmart didn't,  but i bought online while in-store, then went… 
People in Walmart are fucking aggressive, like damn.
I hate going in the Walmart by my house.
Walmart is playing bachata. I'm living
 RedStarErica What is your favorite Easter candy? -Pia
 boybeliebersos but i hate walmart so /:
Got an opinion about the Walmart in pine rockland? Two meetings coming up 
 IntenseDesire McDonald's that's about it or maybe getting a few toys from Walmart but I don't know how the fuck yo… 
walmart got a lot of games out i might get a game from walmart or gamestop one of the stores.
 jordynsloan6 Walmart,
 180 I think
 hevtiger  jessica92543 yeah thats a lot of skeins.  I know walmart has the big solid skeins for cheaper than Micha… 
I be in Walmart running into people off Facebook y'all crazy...Y'all be like there he go gurll
 Cathyldemelo I went to Dollarama and walmart  VeganEasterTreats 😳
 PDZAnimenerd Looks like you will be all set this weekend! Which candy 🍬 did you decide on? -Pia
 nickchester  TheKevinDent  JohnVignocchi  dudettecolette  johntdrake  andrearene Being serious here, but these are… 
 jakeangeles_  I dare you to go to walmart and see how much food you can eat with out getting caught love you 💖
I have decided that there is a name for today. It is Torture Your Kids Day at Walmart. I swear every person who... 
 ava_cado5 on the elvis impersonator playing chains outside walmart: didn't you know? nick jonas is the reincarnation of elvis!
Thank u Travis and crew from  CityofBellevue  Walmart. Donated all the food and sent volunteers to cook and serve.… 
i'm literally fangirling in the middle of walmart bc of the setlist sksks
 RealGrumpyCat  Walmart  cvspharmacy Best. Thing. Ever. ☹️
 Walmart Pharmacy counter in Plano. Three clerks standing, waiting. Pharmacist in traffic. Cannot give me prescription filled 2 days ago.
 HeartOfTheSag It's on Lima road by Walmart DuPont
PSA today is not a good day to go to Walmart
 RealGrumpyCat  Walmart  cvspharmacy Love it!  Happy Easter, Happy Spring!
79¢ at Amazon,  9.20 at Walmart  
Look at these horrible food shortages in the communist state of Walmart. 
"Who the fuck has walmart internet in this lobby"

Me: What a fucking lame joke
Now Playing: Friday Night Cranks - Lost In Walmart Prank Phone Call tune in now! 
Lord why I come to Walmart the day before Easter
Fresh from purchase, Walmart digital chief Marc Lore eyes Bonobos... 
Fresh from purchase, Walmart digital chief Marc Lore eyes Bonobos 
 SRuhle No. Not because of snobbery in regard to the fashion side of things, there are just countless reasons not t… 
 HoustonChron Walmart I suggest that you hire this Greeter back as that was his likelihood Was he trained tocatchaw… 
Roseville Walmart Crowd
I hate going to Walmart.
 Walmart do you guys know your days when you get video game shipments.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist KICKED OUT OF WALMART
I liked a  YouTube video KICKED OUT OF WALMART
I really almost cried in Walmart because my mom said she was going to make frozen fries and not homemade with our burgers tonight.. 😂  brat
I was just at Walmart and they have one of those things where you scan the items yourself and there was a camera saying recording in process
If someone takes me to Walmart to get canvases I'll give you a free painting help me out man I need some help
Nobody on
Earth likes Walmart
 DuckDynastyAE 
Bounce back twice
 njbeach15  D0CH0IIiday I agree.  That's really cheap in comparison, it is basically Walmart for a billionaire
Went to a Walmart for the first time in about 8 months. Immediately saw a child swinging around a used bandaid. And that's why I don't go.
Who likes Walmart?
"Nobody"
EARTH! 😅
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Copperas Cove, TX 
I'm not letting all these people go - keelyrowe521 she says as we come to Walmart
New People Of Walmart 2017  5 via  YouTube
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 126 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 4/15/2017 5:27:36 PM
 MaxxSIO  ohliveuhh My dog got sold at walmart when i was asleep
 ExcecutiveData7 Its called Auto Drive for  12, it came from the Walmart automotive section.
 18Mads Walmart is! We jus let a racist go today💁
I'm about to have a hangry moment if this line don't hurry up at Walmart!! 😡
walmart* and walmart 
 Ale_wc13 DUDE!!! we used to have the worst walmart stories 😭😭😭😂😂😂
Interrleron is 
a Walmart processor 
Omg I'm RICH 
Nice lol   me
i just braved sam's club AND walmart the day before easter so all i'm saying is he BETTER be risen indeed
Impressed with the team at  Bonobos. True entrepreneurship. Real growth. Others can learn from them. Congrats  dunn! 
Word 
They throw them at me
Who - WALMART
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Victorville, CA 
Sooo Walmart got Arizonas for sale for .50 cents  wizvrd_kelly  dxxvin  blankjules someone explain
When you pass by an old crush at Walmart and you look like you just woke up 😨
Our patented  SureStopBrakes now come standard on a  RideSchwinn bike model at  Walmart for  149!   saving lives!
 boybeliebersos ofc u wanna go to walmart 🙄🙄
Just wanted to go to Walmart and I already hate it and I'm only in the car
 XRIM  MONEY MONEY

.Walmart has a new discount program —Here’s what shoppers need to know 
— Money (MONEY) April …
 lovesickstarcs i think walmart has them
This  Walmart could be charging a cover right now for all this entertainment  peoplewatching  thisisfantastic  didtheylookinmirror
 LunkersTV you in Walmart? 
i was at walmart and i overheard the most fucking mind boggling conversation i've ever heard. i couldn't make this shit up if i wanted to
. Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire  Bonobos via  Recode  retail
MONEY: .Walmart has a new discount program —Here’s what shoppers need to know 
Today's (4-15) Shopping Trip! An hour at the Mall and a hour traveling and a hour at Walmart. 
Do Walmart and Target Have a Secret Weapon to Beat Amazon on Drone Delivery? 
 sugardaddydani Aww thanks lil ma❤ they cost like  5 at Walmart. It caught me off guard tbh
I assume this is trailer park attire ⚡️ “Recode: Walmart is in advanced talks to buy Bonobos”


I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Appleton, WI 
 aimeeanastasia_ I saw the cacti and succulents in Walmart and couldn't resist 😂
walmart really needs a five items or less lane
. Walmart has a new discount program —Here’s what shoppers need to know 
 hanischalgoteem  viraIvid Walmart is going to fire me 😂
I'm looking for
Walmart  DuckDynastyAE 
Because I know they
Watch through their China 
Eyes lol
Well now I'm crying in the middle of Walmart like a child 😭 
i had a dream i sucked a nigga's dick in the middle of walmart. smh. 
a teenage boy rlly just ran up to me in Walmart, slapped my ass and ran away laughing with his pals smh
PULL UP and tell'em  HDub4CricketWireless at the newest Cricket 2845 North Road in Orangeburg,SC (WalMart plaza) as… 
Decided adulting was out of the question today so I used  Walmart's grocery pickup.
Former Laurel  WalMart manager charged with staging  400,000 store  robbery in which he was shot  maryland
 LeafsGuyCarlo Possible, I was in a Walmart on a weekday morning the other day and got cut off by carts a few times, Lol
I bought 48 plastic eggs from Walmart and 12 of them was fucked up .... so now I need to get a Lil 12 pack of eggs 😩 I hate going to dick rd
I remember a nigga was trying to holla at me in Walmart and dropped  100 by accident , I stepped on it so mf smooth he nevvveerrr knew 😭
Was in Walmart in Canton trying to find a Reds hat, couldn't find one, & I didn't know why until I realized I was surrounded by Cleveland bs
shit you find in a Walmart parking lot 
Walmart Is Buying Hot Online Retailers at a Stunning Pace- Here's Who It Could Be Buying Next  PhillyBusiness
❤❃  BoeingTMAN Rebirth  1 DC Comics  WALMART 3-PACK Sealed Unread HOT!!! Comic art 
So I went to walmart bought some groceries am making roast beef au jus on French bread with mozzarella and sautéed mushrooms and onions:
When you're on an island, and Walmart becomes your favorite place because wow... wifi.
I love racist comments that I overhear in walmart- always such a joy.
omg saw my favorite emo today at Walmart 😩💖
I was walking through Walmart and some guy told me my brake lights were out.
Imagine a world where you don't have to wait 20 minutes to checkout at  Walmart
walmart is fucking filled with people and i look like a homeless person with no makeup on and my hair in a bun 😊😊
After This Walmart Trip I'm Going Home To Sleep 😌
Chanel vs. Walmart
 HarryStyles 
gma : everyone in fulton wears their pajamas to walmart. rejects. all of 'em.
I legit just almost hit a grandma at Walmart.. I mean she just walked out into traffic.. 🙄
Why Walmart Is Pulling Out All the Stops to Compete With Amazon 
Exclusively Awful Grumpy Cat Easter Plush at Walmart & cvspharmacy 
…  猫好きさんと繋がりたい  猫  ねこ  にゃんこ  猫好き  cat
Walmart is one big clusterfuck of muddy auras. Can't wait to be in NYC where the girls are pretty & everyone knows that Walmart's shitty.
Forced into a bunny suit AND stuck at Walmart? Yeesh , no wonder she's grumpy.  i'llsaveyoutardarsauce! 
 pcray71 From what we hear it has been this way all over. Was this a run for Easter dinner tomorrow? -Pia
 RealGrumpyCat  Walmart  cvspharmacy I send you many hugs. Share a few with your humans. <3 :)
Electrek green energy brief: Walmart doing microgrids, Trina launches bifacial PERC solar panel, more - Electrek 
When you hear angels & airwaves in Walmart.
 lindssss13 I saw one at Walmart!!!!!
WalMart Deli pizza 🍕 isn't that bad.
Everytime I steps into Walmart I have to pray for God to give me strength.
Just posted a photo   Walmart Fayetteville - Skibo Rd 
I should not be at a Walmart at the beach drunk. I feel the need to recommend granola bars to people that really want potato chips and hay
LMAO VINCE SHOUTED OUT THE WALMART HERE IN PICO I'M LIT
Wally = Walmart
now gotta run to Walmart when I'm off😒
hi i am the most inactive person ever but im wearing bunny ears to walmart lol ! 
 Walmart First off, thanks for replying to my post!! 😊 Probably the face scrub, the shampoo and both conditioners, and the deodorant. 😁
OMG WALMART IS PACKED!!!  hurryup
Walmart is forever messing up 🙄
4 Reasons To Love Walmart Family Mobile  cbias  blog  blogging  technology
If  MichelleObama wore the crap the  VP wife wore to represent  America conservatives would be HOWLING she looks like she's going to Walmart
 HoustonChron Walmart you have your nerve.Lets see if the CEO of Walmart can run as fast as the turkey to catch it.… 
Chanel and Walmart look so cute here together 
Never fails that  Walmart is out of everythingg we need. About to start taking my business 10 miles away as opposed to less than 1.  loveHEB
Easter bunny   Walmart Bend 
Walmart at the beach should be illegal. I recommend that the people of Walmart, at the beach, not wear that bikini & visit the Lady sizes.🤢🙄
I was in Walmart with Corey yesterday wearing shorts/not paying attention and Corey said "ughhh that dude just looked you up and down"
drunk in walmart yelling about capitalism embarrassing my family so yeah a typical saturday afternoon
You know you're poor when you automatically connect to Walmart's wifi.
i knew i was home when i see a ten year old being pulled on a leash in walmart
 __SenorGuapo Same, & they'd never kno it's from Walmart.
No store sucks more then WalMart....tired of their bitchy employees too. 😞
"If you're going to Walmart don't take your dog" wise words of  caitlyn_07
⚡️ “Recode: Walmart is in advanced talks to buy Bonobos”  dnvb  popup    startup  Entrepreneur 

 RealGrumpyCat  Walmart  cvspharmacy Happy Easter Tsaz.
Lmfaooooooo walmart is full of crazies rn💀💀
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kemah, TX 
Got in an argument with a lady my mom's age cus she was trying to cut me in line 😈 That was the last straw Walmart.
*Jam & I checking out a cheap Walmart princess ring* "Na u can get it jam because I'm not anybody's princess" "you're mine" 💗  Chrisilla
I'm at Walmart in Indio, CA 
I got the cutest stuffed duck from Walmart 😍😍😍
 TiffanyDaddario there is a cute boy at Walmart
Never fails to see atleast 10-15 people I know on a Natchitoches Walmart trip..
I'll go to Walmart later
We aren't looking at new states for store roll-out: Walmart India CEO 
I need to go to Walmart but i also don't have any clothes on and don't feel like putting any on so....
 GoogleVR  Google  Walmart BUY WITH  VR  TaxMarch  ORLvLA  JackieRobinsonDay  googlevr  Google  Electronic_Bank… 
Exclusively Awful Grumpy Cat Easter Plush at Walmart & cvspharmacy 
via RealGrumpyCat
Lmao that's the hoodest Walmart too 
 rouIete Walmart what
i just need to get ONE thing at walmart and its gonna take me over 20 minutes to get it bc the aisles are so full 😩 kill me
 thadbrown7 The guy is the biggest joke of a human. Cries like he's a 4 year old at Walmart that didn't get the Ton… 
I hate going to Walmart
 Loneclone_  Walmart I never knew you were Russian
oomf tried to come for twice when she stanned the Walmart.. anyways
 jbouie What kind of effect has Walmart, the largest non-gov employer in most Trump states, had on this picture? 
Admittedly I've never been veryt;ood at math, but.I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeanscstuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
fuck you walmart
A guy was recording me &  _torii12_ do stupid shit at Walmart 😂
I like look a big as alcoholic walking around walmart with a 40 ounce in each hand
Smart take on why Walmart should buy Warby Parker 
FREE Woolite Sample! via Raining Hot Coupons - Calling all Walmart shoppers! Right now you can ... 
all the rich folk from the eagles landing country club come to the walmart off 224
lrts: there are 39 times more workers at retail workers at *just discount and department stores* (target, walmart, ect) than in coal
The disappointing look the customers at Walmart give me when I tell them we are out of eggs is quite funny!
walmart has free shipping but i'm like do i really need this.. no
So I go to Walmart to pick up a few groceries, and fabric. And I pass by the easter stuff and think I'll buy him... 
 RealGrumpyCat  Walmart  cvspharmacy I bought a Grumpy Cat stuffed animal before, it was grea... awful
Seen this store over by the Brainerd Walmart. This is hilarious and wrong at the same time!!!! 🤣 
I'M VERY CONCERNED...DON'T TRUST WALMART AT ALL Walmart's Future Agenda:Very Strange Commercial & More! via  YouTube
This guy at Walmart had the coolest sideburns they were like > shaped
Yes, they do come from mills.  Just like stocking a shelf in Walmart, the product (puppies) are purchased at... 
Coachella is like the mcdonalds or walmart of the festival scene. No thanks.
I love walmart
 sinverguenzah Walmart is probably the last of the moheecans(sp) as far as visor sales are concerned.
Couple drama at Walmart is the most interesting type of drama.
"I would never get a credit card... I would rack that shit up" random girl at Walmart
Walked into a walmart bathroom, and I see an abortion. A purple child with an umbilical cord around its neck and blood everywhere. I broke..
my dad forgot about me and drove off 🤦🏽‍♀️ left me at Walmart for like 2 minutes had to call him asap 😧 what a great parent
Sos some old man in Walmart just threw a tennis ball at my butt I'm never coming back to Harrisonville again
 isportsDave Why does this matter? Just another stupid stat for Walmart fans to argue who is the superior fan base
Nothing will ever amuse me more than the Auburn Walmart 😂
This gentleman Derrick at Walmart has probably one of the most inspirational stories I've ever heard.
 gabsalexx Thank you for being a loyal customer of ours and braving the crowds. Did you find everything you came for? -Pia
 Ravenhart007 and their mic sounds like a 5  walmart mic used in some dirty airport bathroom Kappa
RealGrumpyCat : Exclusively Awful Grumpy Cat Easter Plush at Walmart & cvspharmacy 
…… 
I saw a girl who looked like Jessica Davis just now in Walmart .. y'all know I had to stare .  13reasonwhy
Walmart dont mind giving out these 40 hours I hate it but it's money to be made 💪🏾💰🤑
Source: RealGrumpyCat: Exclusively Awful Grumpy Cat Easter Plush at Walmart & cvspharmacy 

this is why sounds good feels good can't be found whatsoever in Walmart 
I saw a girl who looked like Jessica Davis just now in Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️😭.. y'all know I had to stare .  13reasonwhy
 _kingp4rk You should try the new wet and wild photo focus foundation, it's only like 4.99 at Walmart it's bomb as… 
There's a creepy bunny at Walmart
Exclusively Awful Grumpy Cat Easter Plush at  Walmart &  cvspharmacy 

i hate coming walmart w/ my mom🙄
Walmart and marriage therapy in one day...geesh I must be hating myself 🤣🤣
Very smart marketing tactic on Walmart's part conventiently placing their most expensive Vinegar next to Easter Egg Dye Kits.  Think  Easter
I honestly didn't expect the Paoli Walmart to have Wi-Fi.
I went to my first Southern Illinois walmart in 6 months total mistake 0/10
I saw another one of my friends from middle school who I haven't seen in 5 years at Walmart can't believe she remembered me
I'd rather jump into a pit of  rattlesnakes dick-first than see another  ad about  Walmart bringing  jobs back to  America.  WelfareCompany
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
im going to walmart laid ease
 NardInThePaint  hellacorey Walmart has emmure mesh shorts though
Every time I go into Walmart I remember that I am a 10/10 and I think of how much I love myself
"Tori what's even in Arkansas?" "Walmart and nature."
I haven't been to a Fiesta store in years. I forgot that they sell everything in here. 😂😂it's like Walmart for hispanics.
finally made it home and I think some woman was following me around in Walmart
good fucking morning i die in my closet and then i being silly at walmart sorry if i say bad word bye
 chuckferguson Uhoh! We hope it is nothing serious and you will feel better soon. -Pia
everyone talks about the gucci/walmart eyebrow but nobody talks about the fact that one set of eyelashes is better than the other
 boxnationtv  mranthonyyarde Who is he knocking out? Quality fighters or last weeks Walmart greeters...
I'm at Walmart and my eyelash is coming off omg nooo
 Meloscope_ Shopping at Walmart amazing all the Easter baskets , 
Former Laurel Wal-Mart manager (Muslim) charged with staging  400,000 store robbery in which he was shot 
Almost died in Walmart just now  CrowdedAF  EasterWeekend2017
Admittedly I've never been veryt;ood at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men's retailer Bonob 
Retweeted Marana PD ( MaranaPD):

 CopOnTop Event! Stop by the Walmart on Cortaro and help us raise money to... 
 Vr  GoogleVR  Google  Walmart BUY WITH  VR  TaxMarch  ORLvLA  JackieRobinsonDay  StarWarsBattlefrontII 
Happy Saturday ... makeup and Walmart 
 Daily_Express  MikkiL was she supposed to get a pair of plastic walmart ones for the visit ?
Thanks to  kaitlynLane_ I know where I'm getting my future ex wives engagement ring.  Walmart
 Walmart Got it!!  Walmart 
Tryna figure out how spent  230 in Walmart 🤦🏽‍♂️
pulling into walmart is the scariest thing i've ever done
 Crayola Trolls Light Up Tracing Pad,  19.97!  amazon  deals  walmart  art  craft  hobby
For the girl that wanna be childish 
 fixitjesus   Walmart Houston - Rowlett Rd 
Walmart lines be fuckin insane!
 Win a  20 Amazon, PayPal, Walmart, Target, or Starbucks Gift Card! Ends in 29 days!  giveaway  free  old 
Walmart is a patience killer ugggghh!! 😤
Walmart Is Buying Hot Online Retailers at a Stunning Pace- Here's Who It Could Be Buying Next  finance  markets
Walmart annoying af!
 DarrenTaylor98  Walmart NOWHERE. GOES OUT OF STOCK IN MINUTES.
gentrification is nigh when an R8 & Sting Ray are at Dickerson Road Walmart ... 
It's so much going on at Walmart right now
 Loneclone_  Walmart HAVE YOU STILL NOT GOT ONE AFTER ALL THIS TIME??
 jessiemaries23 I'm also like 99% sure I've said something along these lines to him in Walmart before. Maybe that should tell him something😂
Looking for boxes to move? Try your nearest 24hour Walmart around midnight, while restocking the shelves your usua… 
Chanel vs. Walmart 🌚 
How is your pharmacy closed for lunch on a saturday?   fail  chico  killmenow (at  Walmart in Chico, CA) 
Hormel Party Trays as LOW as  5.99 at Walmart & Target! (50% off) 
I went to Walmart twice today and still forgot what I needed 🤦🏾‍♀️
i just cant🤦🏽‍♀️ queen nails done pissed me off , lilly's done pissed me off , im about to start going to walmart😂😂 !!!!!!!
 jeffcoco13 I gave you a FACT. That is how Walmart began. Has nothing to do with anything I believe.
It was a struggle, but I managed to let myself wave back to the adult dressed as the Easter bunny at Walmart today.
 Walmart My wife grabbed bacon, eggs, and cinnamon rolls.
 ki4pzs Getting ready for Easter 🐰? If you ever have a problem as a trucker, pls let us know at: -Pia
Here at Walmart a day b4 Easter Sunday there is 23-lines and you open 5 are you fucking kidding me wtf here in Vineland Nj bs anymore
Wrong day to go to Walmart. Grace abounds.
 j_snk07 Let's check Walmart out
People of St. John's! It is not warm enough for flip flops even if just for a Walmart run wow y'all are really done… 
Wtf there's a creepy ass easter bunny giving hugs at Walmart. 😫😫😫
 Brookelee2015 she said they were "sold out" WALMART DOESNT SELL OUT
Work at Walmart on Alton Gloor and you'll learn why I hate people from Mexico. Don't   me. 
Walmart Cereal Deals as LOW as  1.24 per Regular Sized Box! 
Really people...put on shoes when you go to Walmart!!
 FoxNews Try explaining this to a leftist. Their eyes glaze over. They think Walmart just popped out from some corporation womb.
Walmart provides  157 million in bonuses for employees
Read More  earnings  globalretail… 
 ashleylien Just saw one at walmart down here two days ago. Part of me was tempted to buy it just to see what the hype is about. 😂
 KapiolaniK "Thank you for shopping at Walmart. Would you like to take a shower at my place?"
Because it was an African-American turkey...
88-year-old Walmart greeter fired after wild turkey enters store 
 SnowPie_ Fuuuck no way Idk then I'm trying to help that's all the gaming spots I hit have you tried toys r us or Walmart, maybe target !??
 GLM830  FullyPoseable  Antster70  TheJamesLethal  TheGiantCassatt  metsandnesfan  FScopers  WWETNAfigures… 
Walmart annoys me omg 🙄🙄🙄
You can buy your baby 27 toys, 13 teethers, and they'll still go to the Walmart bag for entertainment 😐
 caperguy33  jeffcoco13 I despise Walmart. I shop at ALDI's!!
The lines at this new Walmart are outrageous
why does this millionaire feel compelled to touch my  1 Walmart forks
Being in the hair care aisle at Walmart when you have no hair draws so many weird looks lemme tell ya.
walmart is out..... i might cry
"I walked around all of Walmart and there's no mini eggs anywhere."
 jorge_t17 Bro if someone saw him walk into like Walmart the employees would be following him around making sure he don't take shit 😂😂😂
*Goes to Walmart for a hoodie* 
HMU for a movie marathon 
HAHA CUTCH 3 run HR off that Walmart brand Dontrell Willis
 DomHill74  JustinD_310  WhoLamont I lost my receipt bro, I would take it back for a bigger size but Walmart customer service 🚮
Everything. E.v.e.r.y.t.h.i.n.g about going to Walmart makes me angry.
now how I lose my mama at Walmart 😂😩😭🤦🏾‍♀️
Not sure this is a good thing—Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos… 
Walmart fun 
Some Walmart worker saw my DX shirt and came up to me and said I got 2 words for ya that was awesome we talked Wrestling for 10 min haha.
I saw a little kid in Walmart,he was building a toilet paper fort,the piece of the wall fell.I started to build a fort next to him. nolife
a worker really just asked me how old I am and egged me on about giving him my number hell nah I'm done I hate garland walmart
When you ask your husband for a pic of your leg  progress (in the Walmart parking lot) but all you get are a milli…… 
 HOVAAA  FullyPoseable  Antster70  TheJamesLethal  TheGiantCassatt  metsandnesfan  FScopers  WWETNAfigures… 
please don't compare emison to paily
channel can't be compared with walmart
This dad behind me   Walmart talking to his son about my outfit and how gross I am and that I don't respect myself... it's 80 fuckin degrees
chanel vs walmart 😘🤙🏽 
ENDS TOMORROW!  18 WINNERS!  Win a  100 Walmart gift card!  
 dacrowned0NE Lmao it's hot man it's time for it to go. && where y'all at Neenee supposed to be taking me to Walmart 😑
23 SCARY WALMART FACTS YOU REALLY SHOULD KNOW via  YouTube
What's with  halfton  truck pulling their  toytrailer insisting on driving to the front doors of  Walmart.  Learn to read the room  jerk.
LJ: I haven't gotten TD anything for his b-day! What do you want from Walmart? 

TD: Um... A gun?

LJ: No.

TD: A trampoline? 

Both: Yea!!!
 turlingt0n It's the woods near Walmart
Boy these la Walmart customers be so far outta line it's ridiculous 🙄
 JulieMM And bringing smiles to many.  Happy Easter to you and your family. -Cath
Lmfaooooooooooooooo I use to do this at Walmart 
 lilschwartzie so you think the charcoal mask was painful. 1.39 at Walmart. Cruelty free! Amazeballs! You should do… 
Walmart has beautiful flowers
 QueeneBeeee Thx for letting us know here. Would you mind sending us the details at -Ania
 Target  BRardin Walmart is giving away a free car just donate and you have a chance to win 
Are people at Walmart even real?
I made it through Walmart, alive and didn't have to wait in line... woohoo!! Happy Day!! 😂
My family has no idea that my "Super Awesome Spinach Dip" is bought at Walmart.
En walmart
The whole world was on her last nerve after the Walmart scooter debacle when he made her banana daiquiris & went to… 
Crying bc through everything that's been going on I forgot to get my sweet boy an Easter basket. Guess mama has to run to Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hamburg, NY 
 ChristmasPride Let store management know how you feel about the store - you will make them smile. -Cath
Boy Walmart packed af
 figuremeouttoys  FullyPoseable  TOYSPOTTING  HOVAAA  metsandnesfan  FScopers  WWETNAfigures Which Walmart did you… 
walmart is so NASTY!!!
i pooping watching porn in the house lol then being silly at walmart Love u all
Nothing like going to  Walmart   to make me realize I should've gone to  Target.  meanwhilein  Walmart
im not gna lie when i first started mca i only made  1000 a week but that WAY better then working in walmart for  7.75/hr!
 FeministBS a salad with dressing and protein at Walmart costs  2-6.... a fast food meal costs  6-9.... 🙃
If you thought Walmart on Black Friday was busy, you should see Kroger the day before Easter...
 chromarink Try iron. You don't need a prescription just go to the counter at Walmart (or shoppers but it's like 7x the cost)
my little brother is so cute. he went to walmart & bought me a Belle doll for my birthday. she sings also lmao
 Igloo Legend 1-Qt Beverage  Container ONLY  3.59 (Reg  9.30)  deals  walmart
The day I realized Walmart sells orchids was the day I realized nothing is sacred, we live in a consumer waste land.
My bubs told my mom he wants a cow so she came to Walmart and bought him a toy cow 😂😂😂😂
That's how it was w/ Wayne's Sorry 4 The Wait 2. Heard it on someone's phone every time I went to WalMart. 
PSA you can get these jelly beans from anywhere Walmart, CVS, Target, etc. the Easter bunny can do it with any of them
All of my favorite things  Walmart  steeetart   Honolulu, Honolulu, Hawaii 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Roseville, CA 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
I just told Aaron I wanted to go out and do something cool and hipster and he brightened up and suggested Walmart cause he needs a bike tire
there are trump supporters holding flags and signs on the corner next to Walmart and Dunkin' Donuts Im so disgusted
Obtaining walmart endowment kart remedial of naturellement patefy: bfUmIYmnL 
 Dboy_47  jokesterpanch It's 55 at Walmart lol
Does this differ from:
-   1K credit card charge from  Walmart
- They explain "Gift card. Most ppl will spend it. I… 
Easter bunny at Walmart jumped out and scared the shit out of me and about caught the two piece and a biscuit with a side of coleslaw
my grandma saw my tinder match working at walmart rn and she was like "you should go say hi" lmfaonfksbs
Chaotic fatal brawl at Walmart | REACTION: via  YouTube
 ChristmasPride You can share your feedback about the checkouts with the store management and with us at -Ania
 mamacitam92 Walmart
Gualmart instead of Walmart 
Froste Flais instead of Frosted Flakes 
 ashrex Hi Guinevere's mom - glad you all had fun family time with us.  Happy Easter. -Cath
 JT_Metz  CNN Canada subsidizes college ed: 50% higher ed rate. Ours is UNDER 29%. Result:  our largest employer is WalMart!
 RKLance  JohnLegere  Walmart T-Mobile is  70 unlimited 4g. Family mobile is 50 10gb 4G. That's why.
I told my cousin take me to Walmart next thing I know we at birch run and I look a hot mess
 PRT  BabyFood  Beech Nut Stage 3 Homestyle Chicken Vegetables and 
Dang I've finally found the amazing  Walmart deals. The Rez ain't got nothing on this 😂🤣 
 Walmart How can you cut jobs? Your stores are barely staffed now!
I hate Walmart more than anything
When your mom's in a mood and judges everyone at Walmart complete with eye rolls
 ffsgaudreau Walmart values respect, striving for excellence, customer service and acting with integrity. We wish you well Jackson.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kendallville, IN 
why would ariana release nail polish? bitch we can go to Walmart and get that shit y'all dumb
i just took the best shit in the family restroom at walmart
Shopping...   Walmart East Windsor 
 jianinspace cheers we're going walmart😂
 RKLance  JohnLegere  Walmart And I'm telling you why. It's prepaid. It's deprioritized service. You aren't getting the full speeds. Etc.
Don't go to to the milford walmart right now its fuckin crazy in here right now
There was a Trump protest near the New Hartford Walmart today lol
I don't have time for all these people in Walmart
I hate when my momma send me in this ghetto ass Walmart 😡
(HackerNewsbot (Version: 1.00) - Coded in NodeJS, powered by 
Oh good old Shelby County, where someone forgets to put their pistol on safety, and blows a hole in the Walmart floor.
I fucking HATE THIS WALMART 😤
PSA: Rue 21 next to walmart is having a big sale because they're closing 😉
idk why I came to Walmart 🙄
You wanna see a fat booty? Go to walmart you gone see atleast 3
Mood: Coachella 
Actual location: Walmart
Ok guys I need help! I'm looking for a tshirt at Walmart to use as a part of a demon costume… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in North Attleboro, MA 
like going to walmart and picking up his contacts with him instead of going to band practice 😫💗 
 25 Walmart Gift Card and Control Your Clutter Book Giveaway ends 4-18 
This 88-year-old Walmart greeter thought he was good at his job, but after 8 years, he was fired. The reason why... 
 RedStarErica No peeps? -Cath
 RpSensenbrenner time for you to share your skills as a Walmart greeter. politics is not your gig.
Found this lighter at the Walmart gas station. XD  Yaaassssss 
goomy vs walmart
Don't go to Walmart today. 😶🙄
 PullingGuard79 We hear you. Pls talk about your experience with a store manager and send us some details at -Ania
 Rachellangley63  mrontheborder Walmart crap and chockers...
Fuckin hate Walmart
IM LIKE ABOUT TO SCREAM BC IM IN WALMART WITH A KIREI SHIRT
The cliques and usual seating "arrangement" in the lunchroom at Walmart is almost identical to  OITNB
 Chloe221199 I head to Walmart anytime I am having a self-loathing day just to feel a little better about myself.;->) Works like a charm
 Walmart Informed mgmt and they did nothing. When theft occurs prices go up. Disappointed nothing was done
just stepped in Literal Shit in walmart
 virtualpayton hey next time we go to Walmart let's get a cookie cake and a pinata ok?
 ESPreParty Chanel vs Walmart 
Walmart on a Saturday got me like 
Regardless of where you go in this great country there is one thing that remains constant, the people of Walmart
Well,  Bonobos being acquired by  Walmart means I need to find a new favorite pant retailer...
Bold Easter Baskets + Shop Slim Jim at Walmart 
I love going to Walmart looking like crap and seeing the hottest guy I've ever seen:)
Where I'm from if you don't grind then you want eat😎💪🏽💯💯💰   Walmart Baton Rouge - College Dr 
Business at Walmart is going tx be slow tomorrow.y:(
 RKLance  JohnLegere  Walmart If that doesn't matter to you go for it. That's why there is a choice of 15+ carriers… 
FUCK OUTTA HERE  Walmart
Currently just chillen by Alexis' moms car in the Walmart parking lot 🙃😂
This Walmart truck got a "honoring our heroes (the police)" with a bunch of black kids on it 😑
 RKLance  JohnLegere  Walmart Any carrier that shares a tower will always be deprioritized compared to the actual towers primary customers.
jus found  85 in walmart gift cards we eatin good tonight
 DelRey Advancing the corporate takeover. Not to mention, Walmart is known for defrauding consumers with shoddy mer… 
 judeinlondon Think he was probably looking for some SS skull stuff and that probably was all they had at the local Walmart?
 patriotsday You all can buy Pepper Spray at WalMart sports section or Army Surplus stores. Spray Antifa back, don't take their crap
My mom just left me outside of Walmart to run home to get bourbon and I got hit on by all the creeps. But I mean hey, priorities...
After almost being run off the road, getting a flat tire, and being stranded at walmart we're finally back on the road😅🚗
I just spent  80 at Walmart 🙈🙈💸
 cakesandtacos  DangerSuave  bernrockssocks Have you been grocery shopping all day? Also, are you at Walmart? Waiting to judge you.
Saw Kayla from dancing dolls in Walmart , she wanted a picture with the hooper😎
Can someone take me to Walmart so I can use this damn gift card
 RKLance  JohnLegere  Walmart Yes but it's deprioritized and slowed down. Only TMobile customers​ will be prioritized on its own towers
Walmart Truth or Dare 
 aka_michelee23 😂😂😂, Walmart
there's an easter bunny at walmart i'm gonna kms
Let me tell you that, as a Walmart worker, today was a living hell
Bad idea to go to Walmart the day before Easter or any other holiday for that matter. Never again
That's how I know I ain't been in Walmart in a minute 😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lehighton, PA 
I've never wanted to not be in Walmart as much as I do right now holy fuck
My latest blog post.  amazinggrace  gospel   unexpected  walmart 
 TrillestOrtiz  Walmart Person in front of me was buying it not me pisado
This is how the prices at Walmart and Target stack up. Keep in mind next time... 
I legit just bought 7 dollars worth of milk chocolate covered almonds at Walmart and I've never been happier
You know how WalMart has greeters?

I've decided to be a greeter too. But at dog parks. I will greet all the dogs. 

Who will pay me.
My husband loves our  cat so much! He told me to order this 73 inch cat tree. We saved almost  100 though. thanks… 
You saw her in Walmart, didn't you?! ;) 
Seeing  KyleeSmilee_ at Walmart just made my day 100x better
some semblance of order can be found in a Walmart parking lot 
Look who i saw today at Walmart!!!!!!!!!!!! 
When you see  sulyhasone mom in Walmart but not Suly 😩
 DBFrisk2001 Just wondering if you brought home items that were not on your shopping list?  This happens to lots of us. -Cath
Who let me go to Walmart the day before Easter (selfie 104/365) 
Everybody is at Coachella and I'm at Walmart buying easter baskets 🌞🙄
Chaos at Walmart today 🙄
 ForeverClutch02  drunkkqueenn Honestly Walmart has really nice ones with underwire!
Target is quickly becoming the new Walmart and I'm not okay with it
Nope. Walmart is Project Mayhem.
Went to Walmart today with my mom, and had Declan in a sling/carrier when this guy behind us asks, "Is that a... 
♡┆My moms probably going to Walmart tonight. 

Gonna buy Easter baskets XD
    But I like when she makes themmm.
time to go to walmart tomorrow and buy all the peeps up... SOOO GOOD
I literally had no idea u couldn't put the infant car seat on the shopping cart until I went to Walmart and a stranger stopped me
Telling a Plexus lady "I can get my vitamins cheaper at Walmart"
is like telling a 5 star chef you can get dinner... 
If chicks were brown -look like poop  Troythulu
As a long time  bonobos customer &  walmart hater - hard to imagine how this ends well. So many opportunities here… 
Update: I've been sitting at Walmart for an hour and a half for a plug 🙃🙃🙃
there's too many people at walmart smh
I'm at Walmart in Old Bridge, NJ 
Walmart if you dleete one more of my posts yuo will regret it
Gucci vs Walmart 
 dunebugs  freakygeekyleek THEY'RE PROBoeingBLY AT SHOPPERS OR WALMART BUY THEM YOURSELF
WalMart sells inexpensive Binkies. 
Why did I think it would be safe to come to Walmart on a Saturday 😑
Which stores are open on Easter this year? 
ive had a longboard for ~2 years that i got at walmart and im just learning how to ride it :')
 TTinyy_ Walmart shoes
 shopkick any idea why I keep getting a reload message from the  Walmart in Normal Illinois?
..ALL MY FRIENDS HANG OUT AT WALMART!! ~lmao~ I seen you there the other day ;) Come Follow my Board 
Fresh from purchase, Walmart digital chief Marc Lore eyes Bonobos - 
I found the body pillow at Walmart i used for Hikaru daki, idk why it was in a different section of the place
Yo guys I'm in Walmart run reply with some dates u guys wanna see and I'll have a video up tonight!! Dares will be featured in the vid
Texas HALO Fund portfolio company myLAB Box Extends Retail Presence Via Top Retailers Target, Walmart & Amazon 
 ClCCO got it for a bargain from walmart toy section
Heading to Walmart. Pray for me y'all.
I was baptized Larry Lomberg today at Walmart 🤦🏻‍♂️😂😂
STAR WARS the black series KYLO REN the Force Awakens epVII 3.75" TBS Walmart  StarWars 
Enjoying ☕️ w/my hubby! Head to your Walmart Super Center to pick up Equal Café Creamers! a… 
 thewifeblabs target or walmart
 donnydooley Why do baymen still call it "D'price club" after all these years? It's not like we still say "Woolco"… 
Walmart egg
Saturday's are for Walmart runs, laundry and cleaning lol
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in El Paso, TX 
So  Walmart is going after the loyal fans of   Bonobos . 
Who remembers the backpack deals at  Walmart and the Star Wars deals at  Target ?? This years… 
 grandesexiest  TheShadyFacts With laughter at his walmart prince immitation 
 Walmart Just wanted you to know that in ur Lake City store I watched a man pop the tags off underwear and shove in his pocket
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oceanside, CA 
 LibertyIsALady  RepublicanChick Yeah they are! What poor man gave you a job? Amazon, Technology, banking Walmart!… 
GUESS THE COLOR & ETHNICITY OF THE ISLAMIC MUSLIM SCUM.


"What is it like having a mom who works at 3 non-profits?"

Walmart trips end with us buying every pair of clearanc… 
 RKLance  JohnLegere  Walmart Walmart mobile is bottom of the totem poll on T-Mobile towers. Slower speeds. That's why it's  50 vs  70
I forgot how much a hated public places until I went into Walmart today 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
Who's the dad working  Walmart  ???
Of course they're playing the Walmart brand of The Beatles at Walmart
Coupons are the bomb! 
So crazy it's smart -  Walmart  is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer  Bonobos  via  Recode
I swear Walmart in Madera is the worst place in the entire world lol
What’s Open Easter Sunday? Walmart, Target, Restaurants, Banks Open Or Closed April 16? Here’s The List 
This perfect weather for grey sweatpants and a white Walmart T
Hacker News - Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos 
You know you're cool when you randomly meet a friend in the Walmart parking lot and drink beer from a cooler. 

 PPB  Ghettoasfuck
Nothing to lose. Mom called she wants to go to walmart
I love my job working with kids thinking about going to Walmart to get them some  Easter baskets
I walked by a mirror at Walmart just to look at my ass. 🍑  fordaysssss
 drunkkqueenn I get all my bralettes from VS or Walmart actually!
Save on Nexxus Hair Care at Walmart + enter to win a  100 Walmart gift card! 
Mom called my dad fat so he walked to Walmart
 walmart ive been waiting 50 minutes just for a yard of cloth. Theyve called for someone to fabrics 4 times. Unbelievable
 jookyuns_ iakvksn. de kks ahhhhd are u sure? and i think you can order poster tubes from the mail carrier u use, o… 
Leave it to the Walmart auto center to put the wrong oil in my car, then try to tell me "it won't hurt the car."  HowDoYouHaveAJobThere
 ARMZAaron I'll shoot up my nearest walmart. Put the memes in the bag.
My mom yelled at me today bc I let my 15 year old sister go into Walmart by herself. Hello, I'm trying to prepare her for college!!! 🙄
 Retweet  BabyFood  Plum Organics Stage 2 Sweet Potato Corn and Apple 
 glowflawless  sebtsb IM IN WALMART LAIGHING
But I think I'm gonna stop by Walmart and spoil myself a little bit 😈
 Walmart Ha! No offers but I'm going anyway! Need a small  lamp.
I liked a  YouTube video  100 WALMART OUTFIT CHALLENGE!
 stranahan If that was assault, I was brutalized weekend shopping at Walmart this morning. 😉
 Loricatus_Lupus  VLRAmyCurtis  efoxband  KaceyecaK  HashtagRoundup Take a trip to Walmart first then decide.
 KellieSuttle Thanks for your feedback.  Let store management know - they will welcome your comments! -Cath
 trnrtips MY MOM CAME HOME AND GAVE ME THIS AND SAID THEY WERE HANDING THEM OUT   MY WALMART. 🙏🏻😭😱 this is so cool 
I'll be making  500 each check once I start working at walmart
How far away I parked my new car from the Walmart - & I bet someone still dings it! 
It's only when you look your ugliest that you run into 3,000 people you know at the local Walmart
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online menâs retailer Bonobos 
 mo_brady Is that a step below/above Walmart ;)
When I say I was nervous.😫he creeped me out.😂😂   Walmart Cleveland - Brookpark Rd 
Mr. Bunny hanging out at my  Walmart  HappyEaster  EasterWeekend 
This Walmart has a whole ass McDonald's in it thts wild
High-fived the Easter Bunny at Walmart today  goals
HOW DOES WALMART NOT HAVE STICKY BRAS
Wow, I love  Listia! I just won this for free,  LOW GIN!   10 Amazon, Walmart, or eBay Gift Certificat 
 ricksmich It's worth a shot to try out. It was like  4-5 bucks at Walmart
Wal-Mart mgr Ansar Ali Younis charged w/ staging  400k robbery where he was shot - Our strength is in our diversity… 
 Datboiichigo Probably Walmart
 iFishyHD  ffsgaudreau  WalmartCanada Obviously you don't work at Walmart
Dream come true: 2018 - whatever GOP not in jail , the rest will be Walmart greeters : ) 
Jobs at Walmart - 
chanel vs walmart💁🏻 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Franklin, WI 
Cameron the fuzzy purple bear from Walmart,
This guy almost hit us in the Walmart parking lot, & flipped my grandpa off in the process. I will literally HURT you.
Coming back to Chester from Spain is like shopping at Walmart after walking through a Prada store.
 ffsgaudreau  WalmartCanada walmart only hires the most elite
I've learned to just keep Snapchat open at Walmart out of fear I'll miss something of the utmost quality
 Sgthulklove  realDonaldTrump  FoxNews Yeah, but only because you copied off your Walmart name tag snowflake! ✌🏾
Change of plans. Walmart commercial it is.
I'm kinda concerned why the stain remover for blood is out of stock at the local walmart...that's kinda scary🤔🤔🤔 
In 1hr40mins I have tackled walmart and bulkbarn.. Got home, collected garbage, swept floors and mopped the... 
 PullingGuard79  Walmart Prolly got 10 damn self-checkout lanes tho
guess who drove to walmart and survived~
I'm sitting in the car at Walmart because it's packed and I'm too tired to run into people I know 😂
Save More on  Candies this  Easter2017
Get ready your  Easter Basket with  Target,  Walmart &  Kohls
Read More >>... 
 profgalloway what's your though on Walmart x Bonobos?
Come on 7 o'clock damn ! I'm running 🏃 out Walmart at 6:55 ✌🏾
 jameshartig I've also had terrible experience with  Walmart order for pickup, seems they don't collect your item when you order it
Some old lady almost ran me over at Walmart smh. Lol
Spending Easter at my "home" with the cutiest bunny I know! 🐰🥕😜 roxistover  Easter  WalMart… 
 RichardFlacko Try Walmart next
 new sweetartscandy  cherrypunch  sweetartsropes  softandchewy walmart 
Ben and Jerrys is an American business that has long supported workers with living wages. Clinton was on the fuckin… 
 csgolive If I get a knife, I will record a video of running around Walmart in a banana suit.
 JaredFish2 Glad to hear this. Hope this is the first of many oil changes with us in Chipley, FL. -Cath
 dyIsexic Walmart and Target !
 googleymoogley that’s Walmart cereal. It all makes a turd
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hoover, AL 
Whenever I have to go to Walmart, I dress to fit in. 
Oh happy day, I was dumb enough to go to Walmart today, then I locked my f'ing keys in my trunk. Now I wait...lol. (Kid is bringing a spare)
& yesterday a group of males were staring at me when I walked in Walmart..mouth opened.
I only come to  Walmart to feel  pretty.  dumpsters  WalmartBeautyBox  walmar  morbidwealth
Why did I come to Walmart on Easter Saturday?
First time someone's called me "probably 21" ever when checking out with alcohol at Walmart.
The lady who checked me out at Walmart told me the lettuce was beautiful???????
Like literally anything within the county lines. The school (high and middle), the facilities, the stupid Walmart. 
At that point me and bae just gone hit Walmart and get groceries and chef it up in the kitchen  KyState_RYS17… 
Walmart is not a place of inspiration.
I'm at  Walmart_br in Belo Horizonte, MG w/  snappew 
Can't wait see what happens next. Building brand & shared community takes years. Destroying brand takes moments. Ca… 
Vacation step 1: Walmart
Vacation step 2: cut all my pants into jorts
they had berry bushes at Walmart tho and it took EVERYTHING in me not to buy them
People need to stop coming to Walmart!!!
 TweetMandrake  Walmart Gift cards are payment methods and do not expire. Are you sure you didn't enter in a promo… 
Walmart........the Saturday before Easter.....what was I thinking 💭 🤔 oh well 😔
 new mckeefood  littledebbie  orangecremecakes  snackcakes walmart 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 126 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 4/15/2017 4:18:04 PM
 TicoSoto It's getting like Walmart!
my mom just told me my favorite movie is in the DVD player she returned to walmart ....
Business at Walmart is goin| to be slow tommrrow. :(
Telling me "I can get my vitamins & probiotic cheaper at Walmart." - is like telling a 5 star chef you can get... 
New find to share!  Walmart and discovered  OldElPaso Taco Boats. Recipe coming... by… 
 TailsyGamer Yes. This is our South Gate Walmart location. Are you already there? -Carole
Loving this cup I found at Walmart  mermaid 
 paintgram  fireflyrj  PhxKen Saw some lurking around walmart. A little kid was terrified & started crying.
 ThomONeil1 Pretty sure I was never intended to even be in a Walmart... much less cruising one on a scooter... but thx for your faith in me😘
My legs, glutes, and abs are so sore today that when I went to Costco and Walmart with my parents, I couldn't get out of the car
Me: can I get a 10 piece McNugget meal

McDonalds employee: sir you're at Walmart
I'm here at Walmart debating if I should get off or not lmao it's so packed 😭
 NardoWitDaCho Lmfao that boi think this New York if he don't take his ass to Walmart and get a white tee 😂😂😂
Anyone wanna go to Walmart w me??
 johnhenrysoto What an offer!  Hope you get several takers. -Cath
Grit Week 2016 The  PardonMyTake &  FeitsBarstool take on Walmart during Grit Week  BarstoolBigCat…… 
i need a ride to walmart who got me
If you're looking for work in  Fayetteville, AR, check out this  job:  Clerical  Veterans  Hiring
📷 Walmart 
 DidYouKnow pink eye eye issues/foreign bodies, anything not life threatening go to optometrist (like Walmart eye c… 
 UnCastellsMes  Gavlaar142857  emanuel14486948  James2012  badibulgator  AtheDragoon  D4u2s0t  _TheGeoff… 
Wow, I love  Listia! I just won this for free,  10 EBay, Amazon, or Walmart gift code 
I liked a  YouTube video Schindler Escalators-Walmart Country Club Center-Sacramento, CA
Drop D No Limits Foundation, Walmart and Commissioner Samuel B Ings of District 6
 rgravesclement Don't go to Walmart ever is my motto lol
There's an Easter bunny walking around Walmart
"Ain't nobody making you buy it! Go to Walmart and be happy" 😂
Fuck these guys. Fuck this walmart. Fuck the shady ass chains here. My friends ask why don't you work in Laurel??

 Walmart  googlevr  Electronic_Bank  Google new buy on  vr
Fuck Walmart today.
Power goes out while I'm shopping at Walmart 🙃🙃🙃
There's a man in a Cheetos man costume outside of out neighborhood Walmart
You never realize how much you hate yourself until you go to Walmart the day before a holiday..
and the Milani foundation???? bruh i'm mad i'm so late to the wave but who goes to walmart?
 Walmart Yes the store gets a 👍 From me Cath
Just met Draymond Green at Walmart he signed my ball and kicked me in my nuts
 Walmart I found this weird thing in one of your Parakeet Food items that you guys sell. 
This guy waves me down in the parking lot at Walmart.. I was like fuck someone hit my car AGAIN...nope he just wanted to tell me I'm pretty😩
 Onepan Shrimp Fajitas!  CincodeMayo entertaining made  easy with the help of... by… 
 OMGitsMALEK  Walmart 4 bags of shits take 3 hours to run off
 BUSSCRO  Hermit_Thrush CUSSBRO: hasn't worn jeans since childhood. uses the motorized shopping cart at walmart. vegetables "creep him out."
That's what David McIntyre got at walmart Wednesday night at walmart around 9:00 to 11:00 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist What Is My Job & Fun at Walmart | Vlog *New Camera
Walmart truly must be the worst place in America. Like why did my rice cooker have to go out 😩
What Is My Job & Fun at Walmart | Vlog *New Camera: via  YouTube
Andrew almost got hit by a bike today in the Walmart parking lot and it was the funniest thing I think I've ever seen
 foreign_tor Ok bet. I'm in Walmart lol
Your pundits have big city back drops. Shouldn't it better reflect the Trump channel supporters? Show a corn field or a Walmart.  FOXNewsUS
There were so many people at WalMart it was like they were expecting the Second Coming to take place there
 beingbrenae HEB, Walmart, or Walgreens. You have to go in the medicine aisles where all the peroxide and alcohol is!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Houston, TX 
Canadian Friends - We've Got an Ugly Produce Petition to  Sobeys Now! via  CdnChange
 Getbreadlilgreg Go to meijer, Walmart or target!
Every time I go in Walmart I over spend 😩
When you forget to wear a bra and it's freezing tits in Walmart
At some point on Margarita Friday, I must have set fire to my feet, as I find myself at Walmart replacing my melted shoes.
Walmart so fuckin deep man🤦🏽‍♂️
My dad: "Vagina juice? I like that."
His girl: "😂 they sell that at Walmart?"
Dad: "I'll buy it in bottles. Sounds good" 😂😂😂😂😂
 S10Wolf I've been there, been blacklisted from Walmart for being a labor rep. :P
 JACLYN_SHU Estee lauder double wear for high end...
Mabellene fit me matte+pore less for drugstore..
Powder airspun at walmart.
i was about to curse that man out at walmart.... 😐
I need to go to Walmart yo🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
 Walmart Yes your new Walmart is amazing .. The only negative thing is sometimes you dont have many checkouts open..
love being in walmart and randomly bumping into my ex stalker, like literally bumping into him :0)
I've been in walmart for 5 hours omfff I want death
 juusssttiiiccee go to target Walmart or buy buy baby & buy a fetal Doppler !
 Walmart thanks for having it.it was great for the community!  happyeaster
 littleMIRmaid_ Thanks haha (Walmart) 👀
It's official:  I have applied at Walmart.  T_T
 studioeden2 Sunday afternoon at Walmart is a scary time, too.
 renegade_roo People of Walmart. I wash my apples with a little dishwashing detergent, just to be sure.
 GamboaCon  SizzleChest33 sorry for not living in close proximity to the Rich Man's Dollar General: Walmart
 Davis21Dez Walmart of the industry
 Priscillaa_Deee That sounds nice. The camillus walmart is depressing and sad and dirty and gross.
We found him in Walmart!  easterbunny  mommydaughtertrip  biggirl 
 ashrex Great memories of a fun event - both from dad and daughter!  Thanks for sharing with us. -Cath
A fat guy burnt all of Walmart's PAC-MAN Nintendo™ amiibo on Christmas
Why the pong balls and cups aren't together at Walmart I'll never no!
 purplefluffy99 Our Walmart is great. It's clean and cheap and everyone is nice
It's Saturday the day before Easter. Open some more GD registers up  Walmart
There's a man sitting in his car in bedford walmart parking lot with windows down, blaring country music, and drinking a bud light
What a steal!  Just purchased two cocks at Walmart for only four dollars!  !
 jtre58 only like 2 good rides, hella long lines, over priced, Walmart people. The list goes on
Wtf? Smfh And I Love Bananas🍌 😕 
Have you heard anything about detector dogs at Walmart 
I'm at Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in Thornhill, ON 
Don't go to Walmart if you don't need anything.  madhouse  daybeforeeaster
I just survived being trapped in the same Walmart as the in laws we haven't spoken to in over 3 years... 
Way to go  walmart. Just proves they will accept anything as a… 
Walmart: What the Fork Are You Doing With Your Produce, Walmart? - Sign the Petition! via  CdnChange
Gotta get coffee and Karo syrup. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Dallas, TX) 
Every time I go to Walmart, Rodney is there lol
Word of advice..never go to walmart the day b4 easter.. Learned my lesson the hard way
 EASTON2MESSY remember when the gossip compared me to walmart
 tomkorocz Ah. Gotta be a member to do it, I think. I don't know about Walmart's quality is all.
ANOTHER  wreck at our Walmart 180 intersection...what's it gonna take for  TxDOTBWD to step in and end this?  BeProactiveNotReactive
 guhlo Similar to their purchase of MooseJaw.  Walmart is teaching itself how to sell online through acquisition.
 thehill Walmart has a few of their own golf carts
There was an 80 year old man blasting slippery as he drove past Walmart😂😂  ilyDude
Just saw a dad playing with his daughter at Walmart and my heart melted ❤😭
How to Think About Walmart.. Related Articles: 
 MOAN4MiCAH nah son your face? top notch, the gucci of all faces, catch my face in the walmart clearance section
 El_Rey_JayVee Lmao you're right we're due for a 2017 photo shoot in Walmart
Why niggas at part stores never Kno nothing, jus like Walmart.
 HeyTaliah  _Alyssia_ looks like I'm hitting up Walmart then!!
nothing like being in Walmart for 3 hours
 dofornop  Kaare_Wagner  DelRey Like Bonobos too. Appreciate the product (especially the pants) and the company but… 
I saw this boy I use to have a massive crush on 2 years (and he knew) today at Walmart and I wanted to die so hard
😥🏃 (  Walmart in Cordoba, VER) 
My cashier at Walmart is throwing groceries in my cart like she's shooting for the WNBoeing! She grabbed my bread I said GIVE IT TO ME!
 CalistaSprenger  _Alyssia_ I have shorts, got them from Walmart! I need new ones I bought those before pregnancy 😩
AIR HORN TOILET PAPER FORT PRANK IN WALMART! (SCARING PEOPLE): via  YouTube
 meeting sexy girls girls of walmart porn 
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
Every time I walk into Walmart I low key get pissed that they passed on my application back in the day
Going get my nail fixed and run to Walmart !
I HATE Walmart.
Just when you think you've seen it all at poteau Walmart, 8 little midget Mexicans walk by & all of them are carrying 30 packs. I'm so dead.
TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART! (I PUT WALMART FOR SALE): via  YouTube
I'm LOVING that this happened  mackallis_ward  Walmart 
Lmao I love Walmart! People are so ghetto 😂😂😂
I liked a  YouTube video In Walmart What A Time We Had
Peeping suspect arrested at Dallas Wal-Mart over up-skirt phone pics  Walmart  bhive 
One more for you all. If your looking for captain toad have Walmart price match with Nintendo… 
 christinakegar1 Milk & Honey Book -       
The ultimate  ForteFoundation story: How This 27-Year-Old Walmart Manager Overcame A Low Quant Score To Get Into HBS 
Welcome to Walmart 💙 
hot girls of walmart 
 Pribek Publix website is ok. Okish. Walmart is national and the absolute worst.
Walmart will give you a discount if you pick up your online order from a Walmart store

 DazeyDuke69 Which aisle at Walmart do I pick that up?
Why are there no Walmart's in Afghanistan?: Because they are all Target's
 RadtkeSports We are hoping some of the fans chime in with their reactions to the event - we are listening! -Cath
my friend offered to buy me weed and mcdonald's if i drove her to walmart so 
found the love of my life in my local walmart
 JasonMcc77  whichwich Coming to Walmart plaza on Cypress Gardens Blvd. im glad you can appreciate my excitement.
Have to get a background check & drug test to work at Walmart but not to become President of the United States.
Real G's know it it's stacked up front at Walmart you check out at electronics and keep it pushin
Raising money for ISIS & the Muhammadan invasion one could speculate.


Social media is the newest thing to make everyone butthurt since Sriracha hit walmart
Saw the most Walmart-looking man in Walmart just now.
this random girl just said i was pretty and to have a wonderful easter in walmart.. that just made my day😭😭❤️❤️
*HOT* FREE Axe Shampoo +  0.53 MONEYMAKER at Walmart 
 shortdancevids  ImMikoJordan walmart brings out the best in people 🤘🏾
High expectations are the key to everything.
»Sam Walton

 Walmart  walmart  SamsClub
My dad walking out of Walmart, "man there's so many weird people."
"we went to the Walmart in Jackson" -Olivia
"oh my?! You went in there? With thooosee people?!" -Grandma Judy
The best new body washes on the market from  Caress + enter to win a  250  Walmart gift card!… 
When you get in the wrong line...again!   Walmart Cinnaminson 
I need to stop volunteering to do other jobs at Walmart. Like pushing buddies was hard but that bunny costume was so hot I about passed out
 MrsCharClark I had to grab something from my moms and get some stuff from Walmart! Cody was too tired to go so i h… 
Just saw a girl riding her heely's through Walmart im impressed
Spotted in the KV walmart: person in full easter bunny suit, giant head and everything, wandering the aisles and waving at patrons
I just had a panic attack in Walmart
My handsome fella got  glasses!! awesome  mom  momof2   Walmart Frederick - Guilford Dr 
Walmart is a mad house today holy fuck
 renegade_roo Better policy… avoid the plague of Walmart altogether if you possibly can.
There aren't locks on the toilet stalls and also the lights turn off after 5 minutes so I'm pooping in the dark. Worst walmart
 JohnLegere Yep it's so awesome that you can't do 1 line unlimited talk text and data for  50 but  Walmart tmobile plan does it for  49.88
Sandra just donated to Lincoln County Lost & Found Pet Network by shopping at 
Today I was a victim of racism in Walmart while shopping for chocolate. ...  lifeistuff
Wal-Mart Is Considering Buying This Online Fashion Retailer -  wow  shifthappens
 Walmart, met 2 great employees, Thaissa & Char at  2796, when registering for free groceries.  ShareThisCar… 
what are the chances Walmart sells the new  kendricklamar album? i been avoiding reviews & convos til i can purchase a hard copy...  DAMN
...when you run into just about everyone you know while at Walmart  smalltownstatus
Those Walmart socks are more 🔥🔥 
Walmart retrieved a Fan Boy's Kirby amiibo at 12 aclock.
This is exactly why you rinse your fruit people. Also, don't buy the apples if your in the north east El Paso Walmart.
I was hoping they meant the actual monkeys... ⚡️ “Recode: Walmart is in advanced talks to buy Bonobos”


Got church 4 Easter? Come 2 Trinity Presby 2301 NE 23 OKC. Multicultural B4 it was cool. 11 am, Matthew 28:1-10: "Jesus & Elvis at Walmart"
 renegade_roo The things people do at Walmart is astounding, really.
In case anyone was wondering..Walmart is a fucking joke
A teenager set my local  Walmart on fire so it's been closed and now I have no hobbies
I just wanted some purple lights from Walmart but they don't sell em right now so I had to settle 😞
This guy in the stall next to me at the Walmart bathroom is wiping the floor with toilet paper. What the hell
Mom never fails to go into Walmart "to get a few things", but comes out with a cart full of things instead
I hate shopping. I order my jeans online and I buy oversized guy t-shirts from Walmart and I'm happy w just that.
I had a dream that my manager was selling designer peeps at walmart
Waiting decades for my brother to come out of Walmart. Wtf
 9obietheking7  Elisa_528 I guess I'm lucky that places don't like to hire me then. I put in 3 applications over 6… 
 tomkorocz Costco! Not Walmart! Either way, make sure they calibrate correctly. That's the most important part.
I say a lady wipe her underarm with her hand... Sniff it, then proceed to touch the fruit at Walmart... I thought I was the animal here.
 CuccoChaser Well yeah but you can buy the mix at walmart. 😂😂
I liked a  YouTube video CAUGHT A MAN GETTING HEAD IN WALMART?! (LIVE FOOTAGE) | Storytime
Ok I might have cut it a bit close this year. When I got to Walmart there was ONE bag of eggs left. No joke  EasterCloseCall 😳🐣 CandyFail🐰
There was a guy dressed up like the Easter bunny at Walmart today and I hated it.
If you want the full walmart people watching experience, come to Tucson.
Nobody come to Walmart today pls
You thought Walmart was open at 3am 
 katie_chey22 me with that guy at Walmart😂😅😂 
walmart emailed me nudes wtf
 Its_TeamEdge  Matthiasiam  TheCrazieCrew I found one at Walmart on clearance. 
 thomas_salame I'll drag ur ass up and down Walmart
. PhDTrophyWife: "Do you want to run to Walmart with me?"

Me: "Is that a serious question?" 
 dwtsrebekah What have you seen that you think will be a regular for you? -Cath
White People Cradling Hams Like Newborn Infants ft. Waynesboro Walmart
 Qtips Can't find Q-tips beauty rounds anywhere!. My mom needs them. Used to be in WalMart. Any suggestions? Please respond. Thank you.
Walmart is the impotence of the human mind to deal with occurrences it cannot understand 🤗💖😷
I'm obsessed with this guy who works at Walmart like wow
Probably play Smash when I get home from going to  Walmart.
 amiraclewhip You know it's true! Black Walgreens exist. Haha it's a struggle. Pullman Walmart don't got my wave gr… 
 mylifeisNASCAR But according to Snapchat you and Dad have been to Walmart aka hell! 🤣 I went there today too… 
Fuck a Walmart distribution n dey appointment time  jody
First modcloth now bonobos. Walmart wants to buy millennial's favorite brands. 💀💀💀 


I liked a  YouTube video 16 yr old throws tantrum in Walmart
Pretty easy to find my truck in the Walmart parking lot when I'm the only guy around flying an Oilers flag in Saskatchewan.
So...Walmart with a broken leg, on their electric scooter on a busy Saturday afternoon is one small glimpse into my idea of hell.
I drank 4 beers while pretending to shop at Walmart.
If y'all see this at Walmart,,I was here 
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance 
Eureka, MO Walmart has a Nintendo Swirch. No, I didn't buy it.  ToysForGames  MyNintendoNews  videogamedeals 
“HIV VIRUS” FOUND IN WALMART BoeingNANAS AFTER 10 YEAR OLD BOY AGREEMENTS THE INFECTION - Healty living base 
 scottsantens I would say retail layoffs are the result of strong online sales and increased market share from gian… 
MSU professor suing Walmart 
Chanel vs Walmart. 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 4/15/2017 3:53:14 PM
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in San Antonio, TX 
 angelakay629  gaultcommasarah I was out of WalMart by the time the Easter egg hunt started.
 Walmart  Walmart Is Buying Hot Online Retailers at a Stunning Pace - Here's Who It Could Be Buying Next  stocks  AMZN
 ChristmasPride So are you giving the store your thumbs up? -Cath
A walmart super store doesn't have hard liquor... what?
Interesting...⚡ Recode: Walmart is in advanced talks to buy Bonobos


 Walmart can you tell me why it takes 45 mins to change the oil in a car when other places can do it in 25 mins?  slow  poorservice
 AaronTombrella That's not the service we strive to provide. Let us know at so we can improve. -Carole
Walmart: TWO Dulcolax MONEY MAKERS! ( 3.04 in Profit!) 
These people at Walmart today are pure idiots 🤷🏽‍♀️
After my transaction at walmart the cashier said. 

"Thanks and happy holidays" 
 lion_noises LOOK NICE AND FADED AND SHIT INSTEAD OF AROUND LIKE  15 FROM WALMART
Madness (at  Walmart Supercenter in Ashland, KY) 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 4/15/2017 3:50:33 PM
Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat

 SAMNOTYOSEMiTE THIS IS DISGUSTING SAM ... dont drag him like this if Anything hes Walmart logan lerman
Picked up a few things. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Iowa City, IA) 
2 places to help support  SOArizona -  MaranaPD at the  Walmart on Corataro &  Tucson_Police at  SamsClub
there's an easter bunny walking around walmart 🙄🙄🙄
Things I hear from across the Walmart parking lot:
"YOU NEVER PAY THE FUCKING CHILD SUPPORT!!!"
I just went to Walmart & bought: wire hangers, a pack of gum, & lashes. Idk if it can get more random than that
Find someone who makes going shopping at Walmart fun 💩
 thephillyvoice  cj_wentz Walmart doesn't have any? 
Austin asked me to go to Walmart to get a few things to make baskets for his sisters.. I can out with  65 worth of stuff and 40 items.
Mf'ers with brand name clothes and 200 dollar shoes always in the walmart money center lmao
So Atmore walmart has a easter bunny and he is scary
 Octav10 Didn't you make fun of  _IsaiRivera and his Walmart shoes? 🤦🏻‍♂️🤔🤔🤔
but before that!!! im gonna drive to walmart!! i can do it!!!!!
Are they really playing reggaeton at Walmart? 😑
Also,  wtf  Walmart ? Why isn't this gorgeous  cup thing way more?! StarWars 
 Walmart put on new tires,one went flying off & now WM won't pay for her damages. In other news  LesSchwab rocks! 
 trishapaytas Which Walmart parking lot will you be performing in?
 JJWilliamsWON maybe I'll go to Walmart after work tonight
 Walmart why do I have to be 18 to buy pens????
 michaelbrownle5  OhSnapPickles Mom found at Walmart I love them
You can tell who has the most money here by the way they dress...the richest ppl usually come in looking like me shopping at Walmart at 2am
PSA: STAY OUT OF WALMART TODAY!!
 FillWerrell  makayladole you outside walmart😂
Walmart motto today:  save yourself, every man for themselves
IM AT WALMART ANS WES IS HERE IM SVARED
 stylesmerch walmart cherry emoji thanks you upgraded/chanel cherry emoji 😩
Im broadcasting with castrol NOW at walmart 5110 Jefferson Hwy in harahan in the Auto Center.… 
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos - Adding it its line up with Jet and Modcloth 
morgantown walmart has arizonas for 50 cents ??? i get why they call it almost heaven now
If they could stop rearranging the Pullman Walmart every 10 days that would be great thanks
There be more swag at Walmart than what most these niggas have
. walmart's  jet will stop rewarding shoppers for buying on other e-commerce sites. by  mattlindnerIR
We'll be at Walmart - Dickerson Pike with  MountainDew from 4-6pm TODAY! Come get some samples & you have a chance… 
 Walmart is about to buy Bonobos. 
 Walmart Professor sues Wal-Mart over 'clean toilets' description 
Do Public Scandals Have Lasting Impact?  UAL  WFC  TGT  Walmart  PEP  SBUX  UBER  GOOG  Google  TWTR  P&G  GM  FB  AMZN | 
⚡️ “Recode: Walmart is in advanced talks to buy Bonobos”
 Walmart See Vista Partners  investing
 Walmart  Walmart Is Buying Hot Online Retailers at a Stunning Pace - Here's Who It Could Be Buying Next  stocks  AMZN
 BoatShuman  Walmart is going back to the  SHLD stratedgy.  The key is managing those brands long term. Fashion's a goo… 
Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now  themotleyfool  stocks  Walmart,  AMZN 
Preferences Among Teens:  SNAP >  FB;  NKE >  ADDYY  SBUX >  MCD;  Apple iPhone >  GOOG Android >  MSFT;  AMZN >  Walmart 
instead of gaining on  Amazon,  Walmart seems poised to lose valuable ground |  AMZN  Walmart 
7 Key Events From Last Week |  QCOM  Intel  UAL  JPM  WFC  C  BRK.A  BRK.B  Walmart  AMZN  DAL  AAL | 
Activists Turning Around Whole Foods -  AMZN Had Interest |  WFM  NGVC  SFS  SVU  KR  COST  Walmart  PUSH  GNC  VSI | 
 Bonobos So many corillaries between GTW and Bonobos (mostly positive) - would be so interesting to see play out if… 
Plus,  Walmart's Ship-2-Store disct still incurs gas usage price, time to pick up from store, etc.  retail  ecommerce  Walmart  AMZN
 Amazon can counter  Walmart's Ship-2-Store disct by offering extra perks via  Prime,  Pantry, direct lower price.  ecommerce  AMZN  Walmart
 Amazon can't directly offer same ship-2-store since they don't have any phys stores to pick up from.  retail  ecommerce  mcommerce  Walmart
However,  Walmart's Ship-2-Store disct only offered on items where disct not already applied in-store.  retail  ecommerce  mcommerce  Walmart
Deutsche Bank:  AMZN acct'd for 90% of  5.6B growth in US consumer electronics sales in 2015 -  BBY  Walmart  COST  HGG
 HGG held discussions w/ >50 PE firms, strategic buyers, & other investors...no buyers -  AMZN  BBY  Walmart  COST
 Walmart's Ship-2-Store disct begins Apr 19, will offer larger discts on more expensive items 2 ship.  retail  ecommerce  mcommerce  Walmart
 HGG to close remaining 220 stores in 19 states by end of May, resulting in loss of ~5k jobs. -  AMZN  BBY  Walmart  COST
 mattdoc123 Actually been playing it long  Walmart bearish  TGT for a while. It's contrary to my emotional attachments… 
 JeffMacke It has an awful sales approach vs  Walmart. You have to download Cartwheel or buy  50,  75,  100 worth of so… 
As talk  PrivateEquity / m&a fever pitch retail don't ignore  125MM  NWY with:  88MM cash /  NOLs / 25% online / lucr card deal 

 AMZN  Walmart
 Walmart has a new kind of disct — & it's impossible for  Amazon to beat ( BusinessInsider) Ship-2-Store disct.  Walmart
My real job is very tied in with Amazon - this is an interesting competitive response from  Walmart 
Wal-Mart In Advanced Discussions To Buy Online Men's Fashion Retailer Bonobos  Walmart 
8 Weeks & Counting  tst  vrx  agn  myll  mrk  twtr  exel  shak  cake  aa  mcd  brk  iep  msft  googl  wmt  hun  hd
 
Smart of  Walmart acquiring brands vi M&A -  Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos 
 DumbLuckCapital  Buffering666 I agree...Bonobos quality is crap &  Walmart's strategy probably fails. Last ditch effor… 
With  Walmart starting make inroads on  AMZN odds something like this have be increasing 

 XRT  RTH  COST  jimcramer  
If  Bonobos deal goes thru, would be  Walmart's 4th major  ecommerce acquistion since  Jet deal in 2016.  retail  digitalmarketing  Walmart
 conorsen What is stopping Wal-Mart from offering Prime type service?
  Walmart  AMZN
 Nordstrom invested in  Bonobos in 2012, started carrying  brand in stores/on its  ecommerce site.  retail  mcommerce  digitalmarketing  Walmart
'Markets, Hats, Haircuts & Crab'  67 > The Money Path Podcast

LISTEN HERE -> 
 QSR  Walmart… 
However,  Bonobos' phys stores only allow customers 2 work w personal shopper/try clothing- still must order online.  retail  ecommerce  Walmart
 DumbLuckCapital  Buffering666  Walmart '17 ecom strategy: buy random assets (Shoebuy Moosejaw Modcloth Bobobos) to sca… 
 Bonobos was founded in 2007, generates most sales online, w few phys stores in major cities.  retail  ecommerce  mcommerce  Walmart
This New Technology in Walmart's Store of the Future Probably Means You Won't Use Cash  Walmart via  TheStreet
 Bonobos makes  100-150M/yr, attracts young, urban customers w slim-fitting pants/shirts/jackets/suits.  retail  ecommerce  mcommerce  Walmart
 Walmart Wal-Mart&apos;s Focus on Lower Prices Won&apos;t Help It Compete With Amazon 
Thematic: Hermes + Amazon/Wal-Mart  DeathOfTheMiddleClass  RMS  AMZN  Walmart 
 Walmart reportedly abt 2 buy hottest men's clothing brand ( BusinessInsider)  Bonobos.  retail  ecommerce  Walmart
12 Great Books on Value Investing:  SPY  Apple  IBM  CSCO  COST  Walmart  PEP  MCD  KSS  LYB  XOM  ADM  investing
 Walmart  AMZN:

Wal-Mart’s Focus on Lower Prices Won’t Help It Compete With Amazon:


 DanJEaston  Walmart going big into ecommerce, mounting challenge to Amazon
 Walmart nothing has changed with this plan,as long as it can confirm this could be a good low risk high reward 
 
Don't look now but  Walmart is slowly building "through these small strategic acquisitions… 
 Walmart  DIS:

Investing Rookie? Start With These 3 Stocks:


Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Shares Sold by Becker Capital Management Inc. 
The 10 Rules of Sam Walton: Success Secrets for Remarkable Results:  Walmart  walmart  business  entrepreneurship
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Shares Sold by Aspen Investment Management Inc  stocks
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Shares Sold by Aspen Investment Management Inc 
 davidspitz Impressed by  wmt.This move will help drive to its advantage all its stores. But can't believe my favor… 
Want a great setup? Look at  Walmart  Vedanta  NiftyIT
You Can Be A Stock Market Genius by Joel Greenblatt:  SPY  STX  VLO  WDC  Apple  Google  Walmart
Commented on StockTwits: 5 of 5  UNH  UTX  V  VZ  Walmart  XOM and install them o... 
Hedge Funds For Dummies:  SPY  SPX  VIX  Apple  AMZN  Google  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart  IBM
 Walmart:US Better Buy: Inc. vs. Wal-Mart  WAL-MART STORES INC   SP500
 validate  organic  strategies at stay  focused on  success  iyr  aig  xbi  xly  wmt  xlp  FridayFeeling
The  largest companies on  earth  inspire us -  wmt  xom  cvx  brk-a  aapl  mdt  axp  dow  FridayFeeling
 DelRey  joeciarallo  Bonobos cstmr srvc is amazing & product = top notch; if any large retailer could clone that, perfect. But  Walmart ? Ha!
 Walmart Wal-Mart is in advanced discussions to buy online men’s fashion retailer Bonobos Inc. - Recode 
Leave it to  Walmart to make a super unhealthy preheated carry out pizza for  5 that has absolutely zero flavor.
 partners at hold  degrees from  elite  private  universities  iyr  aig  xbi  xly  wmt  CES2018  AI
 jmj  karaswisher  DelRey  Recode all  wmt has to do is beat  amzn price on identical items & provide free same/next day in-store pickup.
 DelRey  DavidSchawel  wmt is all over the map with its strategy as it continues to lose ground to  amnz
