Udk what happened lastnight but i fought at bombshells, banned from XTC, took off on cops from walmart.. Oh, and my pinky toe is broken
 Walmart this price was advertised at my local walmart store, the staff was rude and did nor respect the price shown 
According to experts, the best wine in the world is a £5.75 ( 8) malbec sold exclusively at Asda (UK's Walmart).
 Iowkeymari  nahyoutube I think you mean gucci vs walmart 😜😜😜💦💦💦👅
Don't make a Go Fund Me page for some dumb shit when you don't have a job. You want a laptop? You want your bills paid? Walmart's hiring.
 siIverpixie Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
banglo makes me laugh bc yongguk is the type to coupon at walmart for smart saving and junhong is like im gonna buy a 200 dollar shoelace
er mer gerd lol I just got a  DittoPokemonGo masquerading as  rattata in Moultrie GA Walmart 
Cyber Monday/Week sales underway at Amazon, eBay, Entertainment Earth, Jet, Shopko, Walmart - List: 
Me: Don't lightsaber fight people at Walmart with the wrapping paper rolls.  

Inner Me: Executive Order 66 
Walmart burnt EB Game's Super Mario - Yoshi Nintendo™ amiibo while searching for Mother 3
Was at walmart & I didnt find cards against humanity
 InATrollsDownTime they go beg their grandma for the keys to her car to they can run to Walmart for more mountain dew and hot pockets.
I'm at Walmart with my uncle and he's buying beer and the cashier says I need to see both of your ids...wtf i don't look that old 😂
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <CvdY> 
(11/11)  Walmart from experience that they will provide helpful CS. My experience with you CS has left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
I need to go to Walmart 😩
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
My brothers and i had to go to Walmart to get my mom something and we ended up going to the bowling alley for like 4 hours. Lmao
Fitbit Charge 2 Activity Tracker + Heart Rate For  129 With FREE Shipping At…  Christmas_Deals  Walmart  Fitbit
Running into Trae Hillyer at Walmart was the best thing . That's my guy .
I liked a  YouTube video BLACK FRIDAY BLU-RAY HUNTING- BEST BUY/TARGET/WALMART
The people in Walmart had me dying laughing
My parents went to Walmart to get cookie dough and came back with a puppy. Wth
 MsteezOrtiz I should've kid napped you at Walmart. Shit.
Hey  Walmart! I've been getting a run around between stores and waited on hold for manager for 20 min and still can't get my issue resolved!
Thank you . Walmart but we found an appropriate solution we're most comfortable with at this time.
THIS WHY I DONT DO WALMART BLACK FRIDAYS 
 Walmart Account hacked.Called Cust Supp.Because I don't have an order number(haven't ordered in a year),they can't help me. Thanks Wal-Mart
That's why I low-key wanna stop coming to Walmart cause when I see people mistreat their babies, I wanna throw hands.
moment of silence for the man in walmart who filled his buggy with red bulls
Running into Trae Hillyer at Walmart was the best thing . That's my guy . 🔥
At Walmart today: "You're such a good mom honey, buying this gaming system," Jeff said. "Awwww!" Checker said. <blink. blink.> = me.
(10/11)  Walmart is ridiculous and shameful for a company as large as yours. If I contact customer service for  amazon or  Target I know...
The driver that fled officers left 2 adult females & 3 children   Walmart as officers approached. He is the only one being charged   moment.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <O:4e> 
 catoletters and buy all the tanning products from Walmart
Enter for a chance to WIN a  50  Walmart e-gift card!  SweepsEntry  NatureMadeAtWalmart (No Purchase Necessary)
Grab  NatureMadeAtWalmart vitamins and supplements! Enter for a chance to win:  SweepsEntry (No Purchase Necessary)
Just entered to win a  50  Walmart gift card thanks to  NatureMadeAtWalmart. Here's how:  SweepsEntry 
being over caffeinated in Walmart during the christmas season is a bad combination 😴
 Walmart you guys suck here in Stratford, CT.
 ashlee_mule "I'll be in Walmart smelling someone and say, did you queef!!!!" 😂😭😂
When you walk into Walmart (rain free) and then its pouring when… 
(9/?)  Walmart furthermore, to be treated the way I was by Kevin S, and to be rudely cut off of the chat before I received any help...
Walmart worker as we're walking out:
"Have a nice life"
Walmart for no reason
I took my cousin down the toy isle at Walmart, & I probably have a hair full of gray hairs now from the stress.
 Kerabriggs I think I'll just get you the Walmart brand instead
She been putting on clothes for 30 mins 😂😂 this a set up we ain't going on no dam Walmart run 😂
Walmart employee trampled on black friday 
 Batmobile  Batman Hot Wheels Walmart 105 Car C Set Factory Sealed Super Hunt Bat Mobile Sold Out.  Forsale  onsale
Walmart is such trash
New post: Disney Frozen Elsa & Anna Toddler Bedding Set Only  29.99 (Reg.  70) 
Star Wars Black Series 6″ WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMTROOPER MISB Lot of 3! 
Chinese Strikes Hit Walmart, Coca-Cola and Sony Where It Hurts..  CHL  china
 stocks
Star Wars Black Series 6″ CASSIAN JYN DEATH TROOPER WALMART SCARIF STORMTROOPER! 
Chanel vs Walmart 
(8/?)  Walmart continue to shop in your stores.
10 Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
this fake ass walmart hagrid is so mean to smol santa
chanel vs walmart 
Walmart Black Friday ad features  199 Apple iPad mini 2,  119 Chromebook deals  breakingnews  zdnet
So Ashley and I are at Walmart and I started singing Push It To The Limit (yes Jump In) and this oLD MAN STARTED SINGING ALONG, KID YOU NOT
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great - 
 Gamescom
lmao saw my dad at Walmart, ran out and went to the mall 😂😂
(7/?)  Walmart if you as an organization are comfortable with your vendors treating customers in this way, then I cannot...
I spent 50 dollars on movies. Hey! Walmart was having a sale how could I resist!
 InATrollsDownTime constantly getting yelled at by their boss at Walmart for adding "deplorable" to their name tag
 Walmart hey Jim, says items aren't guaranteed until checkout right here. I was checked out and got order confirmat… 
 gabriella3130 went to walmart for a christmas tree. Left with 50 dollars worth if clothes for lijah... And no tree 😂😂
What the hell happened went into Walmart for 10  minutes. Game was tied now it's ugly.  Gophers
 MsAllisonLynn  VandyFootball Walmart had a sale.
Win a KitchenAid Mixer and Cookware or a  100 Walmart Gift Card - 18 Winners! {US} (12/16/2016)  giveaways  free
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great 
Customer:Do you work here? 
Me: No
Customer: Then why do you have a Walmart uniform on ?
Me: I don't know
Adriann and I told each other we were NOT buying more fish at Walmart so we came out with Christmas decorations instead
 ashlyn_foret all I've eaten today was a grilled cheese and a dollar pizza from Walmart.
ck out my  poem abt  BlackFriday --  DVDNightmare on my  poetry  blog  walmartfights  poets  poems  walmart  buzz
 Walmart Yes but on b-friday it was "OUT OF STOCK"  but now that b-friday is over. How come its back "IN STOCK" all of a sudden?
I wanna go to Walmart..... just because😎😎
Going to Walmart. Need more red lights
LastChanceEbay: Hatchimals walmart exclusive New in hand ready to ship purple  ebay  deals  toys  games
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <E1`[> 
(6/?)  Walmart if I purchase something online, and my money is accepted by the seller, then I expect the buyer-seller contract to be binding
Enter here to win a  100 Walmart gift card from  WaterWipesUSA  contest  WaterWipesWalmart
Mobile Minutes: DirecTV and Apple television; Walmart Pay's brand-new fans; Fa... 
 WaterWipesWalmart are available in  Walmart retailers nationwide!  contest Look for your closest retailer here: 
Follow  WaterWipesUSA, the world's purest baby wipe, for info on chemical free wipes!  WaterWipesWalmart  contest 
I'm gone slap the 1st person to walk out Walmart
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + wom.n in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg bocts = Hell
 Poloswaggnigga no some lady got robbed at Walmart and the guy ran over to arbor station so there looking for him
omg i can't stop thinking about this, i went to walmart and saw someone that i know and she saw me in the corner of her eye.
Brittaney told me she paid  57 for my present and now I feel bad bc I got her a movie from the  5 tub at walmart
Best Streaming Media Player Black Friday 2016 Deals: Roku Stick/Express, Amazon Fire Stick, Chromecast At Walmart … 
(5/?)  Walmart but I don't want a refund, I want the product I ordered. Does Walmart not hold its vendors to a set of standards?
There's milani at Walmart now :'-)
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
Enter to win A  165 Walmart Gift Card! from  SweepWidget
 RossMartinATL  DaddyBoJangles  Onekumar  GNitro  mypileofshame FYI  walmart sucks frog dicks

Not all LD level packs rang up  14🙄
I'm watching a movie where a man turns into a fish during WWII & my stepdad just tried to input the router pw for his Walmart account. Weird
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great -  news… 
THANK YOU PEARSALL WALMART! 🍻💓🍻💓🍻💓🍻💓🍼💦🤑🤑🤑🤑 
 Rottin_SkullZ Walmart
After our second trip to Walmart we are finally ready to put up our 🎄.
(4/?)  Walmart this was after money had already been taken out of our bank account for the order. The vendor told us refunds will be given..
any naturals use mane n tail??? I usually use doo gro shampoo, conditioner, and leave in but walmart is out of my leave in
Do these make life easier for you?  Happy  Motherhood  ad 
im not in the mood today ... why did I come to walmart😒
 thatjosuke and  mori_ghosts I'll meet y'all at the Walmart
 DavisWelch I've enjoyed the 35 trips I've taken from Walmart to Steak and Shake
The lady at Walmart let me charge my phone at the phone kiosk so I could show her the eb games website and price match skyrim for  35 😂
Hatchimals walmart exclusive New in hand ready to ship purple  ebay  deals  toys  games
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
Why am I always at Walmart?
 addisonhuntiii Sorry to hear about your experience! Could you share more details so we can? -KM
Oh my gosh Walmart has a black Christmas tree and I love it. 
Wasn't even going to take my wallet into Walmart with  bscastillon ........end up spending  45 on decorations for my room😂🙄
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Burley, ID 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <H3m^> 
 KristyT ok girl! Just placed the order. When it arrives the box might say Walmart but it's definitely a mixup.
I wish there was a Target inside of Walmart
I saw a Broncos fan at Walmart and had a surge of irrational anger. I really want to beat these guys.
The last  time  I  went  to  Walmart  and i was holding a big hersheys kisses 
WALMART Black Friday ads are here!!!! 
500GB Xbox One S Console Bundle + 4K Blu-ray +  20 Walmart GC  249 +  6 S&amp;H 
 herr_reeves go back to the walmart workers ill join ya
(3/?)  Walmart I had bought 2 tvs on black Friday only to be told by the "marketplace vendor" thatthe orders "could not be shipped..."
 CraigAWeiss  RhombusGuys  GopherVBall  GopherFootball - they suck you in & fold like a Walmart tent when the going gets tuff.
this nigga who made a big ass scene at walmart complaining about something called me out and called me cute 😂😂😂😂😂
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great  gadget
Good advice is don't dye your hair with stuff from Walmart because you'll end up spending  120 to make it even worse ☺️
The nerve of the people that walk in the "20 items or less" line at Walmart with well over 20 items🙄
 LA_Animosity  Bradfonte  ContrivanceYT  AddisonLink  jeremy0916 no you don't we gotta go to Walmart
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <[Gpq> 
 Daniel_T109 man that happened to me yesterday and today Walmart got me for almost 7 😂😭
Wanna go to Walmart but that ain't gonna happen 😞
 simpIyainsley walmart in michigan has a full aisle
I liked a  YouTube video from  trendcrave Top 10 CRAZIEST PEOPLE At WALMART! (Weird, Funny & Psycho People At
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25 Walmart GC from BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
 SnoopDogg Did you go to the walmart in Bullhead City Arizona? Cause my sister said she saw you
(2/?)  Walmart tried to discuss to him what my problem was. Never have I had a customer service interaction that was so rude and unhelpful.
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
This just in / Esto acaba de salir... Stocking Stuffers & Gift Ideas for Kids up to  30   Walmart.ca 
He'd beat my ass lmfao. Anyways. So, we don't buy it. But I'm in Walmart a couple days later & decide to experiment with it myself🙄
 morewithless The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great 
Honolulu Traffic on Twitter: "Sat 11/26 1:39pm: Motor Vehicle Collision (41), 113X KUALA ST, WALMART PEARL... 
When U c ROBLOX Card At Walmart

 ROBLOX
I got my red shirt at Walmart please dont tell anybody
Walmart: Michelin High Performance Wiper Blades ONLY  3.24- 5.18 
I liked a  YouTube video  50 Walmart catfishing challenge - catfish rod and reel setup x 3 - WIN 3 Catfish
 DRUDGE_REPORT it's over!!  Trump won!!  Killary will NEVER b president let alone work at a Walmart!!
There's a dog named Kobe at Walmart 😭😭
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
An unsatisfactory experience with unwilling staff probably shouldn't end with an apathetic: Thanks for shopping at . walmart  ordersCanceled
 JKBell78 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
This new Walmart is so close and convenient 😌
 covereddwagon We're sorry to hear about your experience. Please reach out to us at so we can look into this. -Jim
 thaboyrich lol I wonder what the birth rate is in the vicinity of this Walmart because Hennessy this low is getting everything pregnant
I just entered to win a  165 Walmart gift card! You can enter here:
Basket of oddity at Walmart. Pillow, Ajax, dryer sheets and vitamins.
Walmart so ghetto lmaoo
I literally just cursed out this man at Walmart .
I'm now in Walmart buying Pokémon pajamas with this silly b*tch -- help me Jesus.
highlight of my day: seeing  sydbartunek at walmart 🤗🤗❣️
My grandma tried to set me up with this guy at Walmart so that's how my visit to El Paso is going
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games - and they're great via  Appy_Geek
Sooo, I get home and my icicle lights don't work. Back to walmart I go . 😒
Walmart Camping: What To Do & My Experience 
obv  walmart doesnt care their workers wrk at registers in the cold. still waiting 2 hear fr store mgr   mv ca location  badcustomerservice
I'm walking around Walmart holding a bottle of ketchup looking for my mom.
. Walmart just got off from filing a formal complaint with one of your CS reps (Kevin S) and was rudely disconnected by Kevin as I.. cont'd
Get a great holiday  recipe & enter this  25 eGift Card from  Walmart  giveaway  christy41970 US/CAN ends 12/6 
 drewweaver13  SportsCenter  vine Just happy to see the walmart wolverines sad
Pissed off tonight. My beloved DIL went to Walmart to get a money transfer from her sister and was actually asked... 
I hate walmart .
This makes no sense. Unless he died under a stampede at a Walmart. Then, a good point. 
When your contemplating going to Walmart to buy donuts and baked cheetos....
So we went to Walmart one day to buy condoms & I'm looking at the heat lubricant shits & I'm like 👀👀 let's try it.… 
Summary: this update is taking place at walmart
 justinca5e We appreciate your patience. We’re working on resolving reported issues and will get back to you as soon as we can. -Inge
Great my cars battery died in the Walmart parking lot!!
 hellabored   Walmart West Sacramento 
Sat 11/26 1:39pm: Motor Vehicle Collision (41), 113X KUALA ST, WALMART PEARL CITY, Pearl City  hitraffic
You can always count on finding some bad kids in a Walmart
Aye y'all name some good family games in Walmart..
someone go get me matte snow white acrylic from Walmart
the big one is like  2 i'll pay you back
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in San Juan, PR 
 dangerousmoons looks like a Walmart version of yvetal
I could shop all day at Walmart.
 Walmart_Waylon just got to Athens. Goin to shades hbu
So Becca just took a screenshot of my really ugly self wearing a Walmart bag on my head that I sent on snapchat & I don't think she
This Toy at toys r us was 60 bucks same toy was 35 at Walmart 😩🙄
I seen one of my followers in Walmart the other day & baby they 👀 like all they Life they had to fight 😩
 FatKidDeals it was  25 at Walmart Black Friday, but a year is cheaper on eBay bro
ONLY  49.81 
List price  249.99
Save  200.18
MarquisPad 9.7" Touchscreen 8GB Android 4.0 Tablet with WiFi 
 Walmart love that someone hacked my savings catcher but can't get customer service til Monday 😡😡
I just entered to  win a  100 Walmart Gift Card. Have you entered?  free  sweeps 
 pookachino Sorry for the wait time. Did you request assistance from our store mgt? -Inge
 davekiyo These items are available while supplies last, and our allocation is selling quickly. Share more at -Jim
Seriously been in this like at ghetto ass Walmart for 26 mins waiting for this bitch to use all her wic checks.... ugh!
Oh yea it's almost that time fam. 👊😎💨   Walmart Galax 
¡Walmart!
Watching my mom take selfies in the middle of Walmart has to have been the most horrifying thing I've ever seen. Thx mom. 🙃
⒍ Black Friday
⒎ The Weeknd
⒏ Walmart
⒐  PuertoRico
⒑ Plaza

2016/11/26 19:35 AST  trndnl 
 krstnonthecoast I never enjoyed it. Stockton Walmart left a very bad taste in my mouth
 RetailMeNot Today Only: Get the Sold-Out NES Classic Edition at 5 p.m. EST at Walmart - Ma... Read Blog:  SALE
was in Walmart today and this cute ass black guy ( who works there ) was giving out candy and I held my hand out and he goes
Why does  Walmart not have their gingerbread houses out yet? 😩  yesiknowimakid
Ram or Chevy 1:24 Remote Control Truck for  10 + pickup at Walmart 
 nadeem280 The special deal items were in limited amount and when it was sold out then price will go back to regular. Hope that helps! -Inge
Chanel vs Walmart: drum major edition.
  walmart
my mom "do you know where i can find christmas work scrubs? like doctor ones?" 
employee: "oh yeah, check electronics." 
um..?😂
I hate driving in front of Walmart. People are so damn ignorant.
1:24 R/C Full-Function Raptor, Silver for  10 + pickup at Walmart 
 Walmart how long does it typically take for processing of a site to store order? I placed an order 6 hours ago and it's still not ready.
 SpitefulIntent //I found some stuff at Walmart
 BookstoreHoe thanks ☺️ it was like  4 at walmart haha. she hates wearing clothes, these pics were taken in the split seconds she wasn't
 stephwardwell Sorry to hear that! Please visit so we can help. -KM
Running For City Council Took Another Chance At Walmart: via  YouTube
Walked into Walmart yesterday & heard somebody call me shitty, I turned around and it was Liro, & Gucci 🙃
Some have observed that Walmart's low wage model succeeds in original biding goods and wages to low income... 
 chuggaaconroy So yesterday, I was at Gamestop and so I bought Splatoon. Then when we had to go to Walmart. I forgot about getting an Amiibo
Walmart had them all for less 
guys why was my Walmart so jinx yesterday there was 2 guyshay that didn't even work there they snaped n the guysho was hiting the cereal😂
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain medz on the bottom shelf  t Walmart?
I saw some dude wearing a dog collar in Walmart  WhitePeople
I uploaded a new episode, "Running For City Council Took Another Chance At Walmart", on  spreaker 
 VainHostile I've read exerpts; grade 9 level at best.   On par with  SueAnnLevy 's tome.  Big rollout; followed by discount bin at Walmart
 mongeaushoes_  lumentana  Loeybug I love walmart
ONLY  99 AND ONLY IN WHITE!! Beats by Dr. Dre Drenched Solo On-Ear Headphones, Assorted Colors 
Anyone running into issues with  Walmart Christmas lights this year?   Three defective strands today.  :(
Hate coming to Walmart in ep 😡 savages everywhere
In other news walmart has bomb ass cookies
 wsalinas222 just applied to Walmart, you like working there?
Does having a foreign man take my picture while breastfeeding my son inside of walmart make me an official member of the hot mom's clubsmh
Just picked up Battlefield 1 for  27 at Walmart. It's a good day
For a  1.96 you can buy happiness at Walmart 
Breaking: Castro Trampled In Miami Walmart! 
Who are those odd people making pigeon sounds in Walmart?

Oh wait... That is my niece and I.
 JonBassi5 We're sorry to hear that! Please visit so we can further assist. -KM
is this show about making walmart music videos or? 
Fitbit Charge 2 Activity Tracker + Heart Rate For  129 With FREE Shipping At Walmart! via Dian's ... 
Does having a foreign man take my picture while breastfeeding my son inside of walmart make me an official member of the hot mom's club😂🙈smh
Walmart rotisserie chickens are becoming a weekly thing for me  CollegeBudget
And don't get me started on Walmart. Anxiety for days.
 dubj_2 Walmart. You good?
Saw my girl at Walmart on her bday😂 hope u hade a wonderful bday ily💕  GranditsAustyn 
Which store would you prefer, or think its the best. TARGET v.s WALMART
 bornxhowling  Walmart thank you!
I need to go see what Walmart talking bout in the morning
Grabbed a take and bake pizza. (at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in McKinney, TX) 
Was at Walmart and got mad cause the employee, who was a man, wouldn't respond while I stood there yelling "ma'am" 💀 
Shoprite is a half-step up from Walmart basically. Well, the ones by me.
Saying "see anything ya like" when strolling through Walmart with a buggy
Seriously want to know if I'm getting my warranty from  Walmart or not
First band at the pop punk gig rocking three Walmart band T's, sound checked with two different blink songs.
TTA's PM buses make evening shopping trips easy.  PM North & South serve Huntington Mall & WalMart.  Last inbound b… 
The santa at Washington Walmart had a dog with antlers on it it actually made my whole day better
It's the holidays! Make sure to save on  OREOcookies at walmart   snackandsave   walmart  ad 
Give Walmart the Nobel Peace Prize! | Mark J. Perry 
 DarknightJx Y'ALL WERE TOO SLOW THIS TIME WALMART
What Walmart is this selling these beautifully priced bottles of henny?! 
Fitbit Charge 2 Activity Tracker + Heart Rate For  129 With FREE Shipping At Walmart! 
damn that shooting that happened at walmart on vance jackson made my mom not wanna go get her nails done bc cali nails is so close
Only thing I got from  blackfriday from Walmart and they were only  40 
 Zach_P103 right here!! Mine was  50 
Wins over uga are so satisfying. I would much rather be a part of a tight knit fan base rather than a Walmart t-shirt fan base.  THWg
Ima run to walmart at half time and make my groceries for these last two weeks of school..
why is the whole world at Walmart on a Saturday????
Dad: "you went to Walmart on small business Saturday?!" To be fair, don't think they would have the batteries I needed... still  ashamed 😔
my mom just bought me  DAP&GO and im crying in walmart  danisnotonfire  AmazingPhil are you proud of me
 gIowgang I follow you on both instagram is  weiselsarah. I would like the new elf exfoliater it should be   5 or  6 I know walmart has it
I liked a  YouTube video from  sixtiesguy WALMART GOLD
Whoever crashed into my son's brand new car at Walmart & then left, hope you feel good leaving a dad short  500 at… 
When you find about ten outfits you want to buy just by going to Walmart ;_;  shoppingproblem
I gotta change my availability for Walmart 😑  GfTweet
Walmart pissing me off don't take this long to deliver
nexium vs prilosec & coupon for nexium 40 mg & walmart nexium price & protonix vs nexium 
who can take me to Walmart ?
 imhannahlol Walmart wolverines
A beats headphone cable is 40 .. I think I'll just get some headphones from Walmart insteadddd
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <iTm5> 
 Khaalida6 "In a parking garage. The one across from the Walmart on Arrding Street." Shanti's voice crackled with nervousness.
Hollywood Legend Jon Voight Walks Into Walmart. Moments Later, Thanksgiving Miracle 
Ian u have nothing to be sorry for.. u earned it and deserve it he is just jealous that pictures from Walmart aren'… 
 MazMHussain  ggreenwald and ask the Walmart employees about their freedom loving employers.
Want to win Win a  100 Walmart Gift Card A Giveaway Promote® Giveaway Comp? I just entered to win and you can too. 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Cortland, NY 
What a busy day today!

After ringing the bell at WalMart for the Salvation Army, we went to Fat Dawgz BBQ &... 
 KayReindl went into a Walmart two hours ago and never came back out... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Incident began at Walmart, around 4:17pm, as officers attempted to stop a shoplifting suspect. An officer spiked ti… 
WALMART GOLD: via  YouTube
I liked a  YouTube video from  nobiggietv INSANE 24 HOUR WALMART TOILET PAPER FORT CHALLENGE!!!
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist WALMART GOLD
Panic-spent my gift card on dog food and cat litter because that jerk was trying to take my Walmart account AGAIN 🙄
I'm at Walmart Desamparados 
We are looking to identify a theft suspect from Walmart.  The male is seen leaving in a dark blue minivan.  The... 
Mobil 1 0W-40 Advanced Full Synthetic Motor Oil, 5 qt  19.99 Walmart & Amazon 
I feel so bad when I walk past the Salvation Army people at Walmart cause they know we all got money lol
Some lady just heard nate call me a cunt for hitting him with foam finger in walmart. And I can't stop laughing at her reaction.
i rly love my makeup today ft my walmart vest sjsndndn 
 GarthBrooks GARTH BROOKS Gunslinger + Christmas Together 2- CD BOX Set 2016 WALMART EXCLUSIVE  Music  Show
But ed sheerans playing on the ole walmart radio.
 girlsreallyrule Jill Stein would give free BJs at a Walmart parking lot to get attention.
 Gaming  Nerd  Geek  MotherOfNerds The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're... 
someone go into walmart and find me a date stamper.. too busy tweeting
 MikeGlizzy__ we went to Walmart 😂😩 are y'all back at the company?
Got all dolled up for family pictures so what do I do to get full use out of the make up? I make WalMart my runway. So bored!!!!!
I love managers at walmart... they're so understanding... 🤗🤗
Chinese Strikes Hit Walmart, Coca-Cola and Sony Where It Hurts  Walmart 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <P<Nf> 
Yeah freedom is the working poor physically fighting over reduced priced electronics at Walmart. 
in dis walmart hopin i find my soulmate
They're playing the entire glee Christmas album at Walmart rn SOS I'm triggered
Walmart In Bedford Used To Be Sooo Clutch Man
First instance of "puke-tracking" in an Ars headline. 
 krvb0s Same thing happened to me at walmart??? Almost threw hands
The people of Walmart are out in full force tonight.
Walmart be forcing lmao 
I found Freakshow at Walmart 💜💜 
Moms Flashing at Walmart!..

Top Discount Big Box Brand Walmart nearing the end of its narrowing channel, BIG-MOVE IS COMING  Walmart 
Walmart is not safe after dark, people
 fefisita We are sorry to hear about your pick up experience. Was your items in order when you received them? -Jim
Walmart got  shit 💩on sale😁😁😁😂😂   Walmart Jacksonville - Hutchinson Park Dr 
When your hour long nap turns into 3 hours long and you had to go to Walmart but it's 4:30 and dark out already..
 mk9577 pretty sure you can buy them at Walmart already in a box in the frozen food isle.. just micro them
 Heisenbergkamp someone got killed last night over a Walmart parking spot
Gas is 1.89 at the Walmart on Curry Ford yall
lol Walmart was the place to be just seen channel to 😂😂😂
my own mother won't even buy me 1 pack a ramen noodles that cost 19 cents at Walmart. Tré you is a real one. ✊🏾 
I liked a  YouTube video from  rednickss SQUIRREL GOES NUT SHOPPING AT WALMART!
me and jon went on adventure today. we entered walmart and when we went out, 500 feet away from our car we noted "OH SHIT ITS RAINING"
Watching Hulu and just saw a Walmart commercial with Le Freak playing. Reminded me of  CHICorg and  nilerodgers in… 
 JoshDarnit good luck, hope you find some deals at Walmart
In the middle of Walmart and almost peed myself laughing 😂😂 
they had two copies of vessel & one copy of blurryface in the music section of walmart & that just proves that the Good word is being Spread
"Mommy can we please go to Walmart to get tamales in the parking lot" 😭😂
Lucky I live right across Walmart to get some snacks lol
I need to make a trip to Walmart I need some sweets
k, just got interrogated at walmart bc they thought i was stealing 🙂
Me: Dad you've got bad bed head going on here
Dad: I don't care, I'm in Walmart
These people at Walmart don't know where they park lmao
If anyone saw someone crash into a car at Baseline Walmart around noon today, please send me a message. Hit and run.  ottnews
Walmart food so good when it's fresh 😩💕
Might make that trip to walmart
At Walmart and multiple young black children are jujuing on that beat
Hi  Walmart I recently ordered a New Nintendo 3DS for  99.00 and forgot to add protection plan coverage into it is there anyway to change?
Anyway this is an open apology to the dude who definitely overheard a passionate 5-10 sec rendition of "taxidermist taxidermist" in walmart
I don't know how I managed to pick the slowest line ever- but I did  Walmart
My new beanie!!!!

 emojibeanie😜  loveit❤️   Walmart Lancaster - Hwy 9 Bypass Wes 
Stocking Stuffers & Gift Ideas for Kids up to  30   Walmart.ca 
Everytime we have these ppl over its target vs Walmart ENOUGH
I hate coming to Walmart 🙄😑
i fell on the floor because "that's christmas to me" by  PTXofficial played at walmart
It's not even December yet and they already got Santa outside of walmart asking for money...smh...
I should drop a tape called midway walmart completely produced by  Tekhiphop featuring all sorts of clucks
 Backdoorcook  Walmart was there?
Walmart nor HEB have good quality jalapeño
In walmart with shorts on and I feel the judgmental stares
 carmen154_ it's called Whispers at Walmart. 

Work here and you'll earn that title.
I liked a  YouTube video HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US
 thatjosuke and  mori_ghosts are we Robbin Walmart or what
Shit going down on Can't relate I'm away for a day :/
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great  thexeon
Ohhhhh seriously!? Nevada man dead after fight over Walmart parking space on Thanksgiving 
I want these so bad but only have  3 :( can't even afford Walmart socks 😭😂 
 LexxHunter "You will buy the Civil War three pack with IronMan mask" 😄

Walmart has some great online deals on ML… 
 Riic14 I tried to separate from Multivision. I'm looking for work on my own now. How's Walmart treating you fam?
When u run into to coach Hoffman at Walmart 😂😊
oooOooO I seen you at walmart  amybennight
If you're gonna ring your little bell for money for charity, maybe don't do it outside of Walmart in Parma...or any Walmart for that matter
 BatmanPorchia That's wonderful! Thanks for shopping with us. -Inge
 Jessdavenport09 So sorry! Item is available while supplies last, and our allocation is selling quickly due to high demand. -Jim
LIVE on  Periscope: At Walmart 
 Medusaraa_  _annie_yb ok I gotta check out Walmart I think I was at target or Michael's
Get inspired in the kitchen w/ the Splash Photoreal series!  hamptonforge  cyberweek  cybermonday 
 itsTrippyTrav wtf is a Walmart wolverine?
only when working at Walmart would a customer interrupt me helping another person & get upset when I asked them to wait their turn🙄
 Walmart I've lost that lovin' feeling. If u sell reusable bags, your passive aggressive cashiers need to use them w/o the snarky 'tude.
 the_kjohnson Have you been to the pho by ghetto Walmart by campus?!
Omg shout out to the girl at Walmart let me cut her in line and she gave me two pennies because I was short 😭😭 People are so nice.
I liked a  YouTube video from  ayystevey BLACK FRIDAY FIGHT AT WALMART! 2016 GONE WILD! (ALMOST DIED!)
When you see the bitch you hate in Walmart and have to stop to think if throwing a box of cheese balls at her face is worth it or not
SEASONS BEATINGS: Walmart Shopper Tries To Kick Child On Black Friday via  realalexjones
Thank goodness the local Walmart carries my fave.  HomeForThanksgiving 
 BxtchImTRANAE yes lord  lol girl caught the spirit all up in Walmart lol
 BeastFireTimdog  LiveWirezGamer Walmart by me was sold out of Recore
I liked a  YouTube video from  vonvontv  20 Walmart Outfit Challenge!! | Impossible?
I just saw an entire family with matching mowhawk-esque haircuts at walmart
 GabbbyD  _annie_yb got mine for 11.99 at Walmart less than a week ago 
Cyber Monday 2016: Walmart, Target, Toys R Us online discounts and sales – 
Thanks  Walmart for my fall beauty box !  walmartBeauty  WearWalmart  beautyBox 
Did y'all know that Walmart sold caskets and embalming fluid ?
so glad i seen  marley_jade in walmart. i missed her 😩
 J_Eschedor  Walmart  dmcmillon17 I feel your pain
Old English Scratch Cover is one of the BEST products I have ever used! 
 tjakes12 Still. It's a bad precedent... bitch and complain about him all you want, but the   mention is very "Walmart wolverineish"
New candy/toy at walmart 
Please don't yell at me in the Walmart parking lot I don't wanna see your crib
Sam got new work shoes (at  Walmart Supercenter in Springfield, MO w/  mrssamhoran99) 
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
 OMS_ItsZenaa it's was at Walmart they like at the top self and it said "ask assistant for pricing" idk if all walmarts do that.
Dollywood has more decent people walking around than Walmart. Also, let's appreciate how l… 
 ArevFTW not today. I did go in the Fall River Walmart last night tho. Classy af tbh.
"I am truly free" I say as I am trampled by Walmart shoppers for a tv thats got a  50 rebate 
There's a very small swarm of ants in my apartment. I'm running to Walmart to get raid. 
chanel vs. walmart 
A better explanation: Most Auburn fans attended AU. Half of Alabama fans attended UA, and the other half buy Alabama shirts at Walmart.
Drink pure, Drink Walmart.     LOL 
Was there a shootout in pass or something? They got all the roads around Walmart blocked and hella cops running & hauling ass around it?
I just went to Walmart & two ladies stopped me and told me how adorable Adrian was .. that made my day💛
 DarrellIssa On Black Friday  Walmart rakes millions in profit selling junks from communist China & not allow min wage, no union, no Irony
 Walmart  Philips the store will no exchange since it was special offer and they can't get more
lost in walmart and tried to call my mom with her phone in my hand
 RanaLaPine  RuthHHopkins I agree with the banking thing Don't shop at Walmart for similar reason I request a list of safe to use banks
NOTHINGGGGG I hate more than going to Walmart on a Saturday or Sunday.
i just saw schmitt in walmart and i couldn't be happier
 ReTweet  Specials  Sick Bricks Omega Goons Team Bonus Pk Walmart Exclusive 
hi guys i fuck sexy girls at walmart and then i make a video good pooping bye
 Walmart  Philips. It was purchased Thursday the 24th. I don't want my money back I want a 55 inch smart tv like I purchased. I have plan
Today's technews The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great Read more at: 
Walmart Cyber Monday 2016 Sales: Walmart Lures Online Shoppers With Its Early Cyber Monday/Week Deals, In-App... 
Walmart Cyber Monday 2016 Sales: Walmart Lures Online  onlineadvertising  DWMGsocial 
⒍ Black Friday
⒎ The Weeknd
⒏ Walmart
⒐  PuertoRico
⒑ Mayagüez

2016/11/26 19:15 AST  trndnl 
 Lovel_Ross  _tdiann1 tell me why right when I saw this it reminded me of all the dumb asses at Walmart that would… 
Why Walmart send me a cracked TV today ???
Which is your family's favorite? Easy  cookie recipes  ad pic.twitter.com/AADN2py665  Modymina2Me
 MazMHussain  ggreenwald On Black Friday  Walmart rakes millions in profit selling junks from communist China & no allow min wage, no union
 WXXV25  WXXV25 what's happening at the pass Christian Walmart? Have you heard anything?
Child at Walmart yelled "O-H" at me
i walked into walmart and an employee greeted me and told me Merry Christmas.
MY SISTER JUST SCREAMED IN THE MIDDLE OF WALMART BECAUSE SHE THOUGHT DRAKE WAS INNTHE NEXT AISLE AND WALKING TOWARSA US IM LAUGJIIND
Walmart liquor store is the truth 😁
 oilerfan21 I think  150? Might have been  200. At Walmart
Adam hits a bunt, makes it all the way to home and "no wait" checkout at Walmart, saves  32 on a over-priced clearance item . . . yippee!
I should of did Christmas shopping for my babies at Walmart instead of toys r us 😩
 MatthewYbarra96 atleast i'm not Walmart trash
God even walmart is flooded 
Save me
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? Pay Pal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 11/30/16 
I'm at a Walmart and it's literally just a grocery store I've never seen this before
 killcfx sketchers with walmart clothes
Walmart pisses me off
SWEATERGOD there's a generic version of  M0001aster at Walmart in the soufside 😂
Even more ironic that he died getting trampled in a stampede at Walmart to get flat screen TV really makes you think 
SEASONS BEATINGS: Walmart Shopper Tries To Kick Child On Black Friday. 
 AaronChewning was that you on the thanksgiving Walmart commercial
 ReTweet  Specials  Level Mount by Elexa DC37DJ Full Motion Dual Arm 
 amtvmedia don't forget the Walmart stores to chris
Looking for a Walmart employee is like looking for Waldo
THIS IS WHY I USE SELF CHECK OUT WALMART HIRE NOTHING BUT IDIOTS
BenQ GW2760HS 27" 1080p LED-Lit Monitor  129.99 + Free Shipping   Walmart 
  the man at Walmart who told me that Jesus loves me, Jesus loves you, too 😊
Best Black Friday 2016 deals available online: Walmart, Staples, J.C. Pe.. Related Articles: 
Probably gonna quit Walmart soon as I find another job. They be on some trash forrea
The best part of my work  day was the free hugs I used to get   walmart from my friends . 
BRUHHHH WALMART KILLING THE… 
Good Samaritan killed in deadly Walmart shooting identified via   KVUE
 Walmart fuck you and your price match policy
With me going into Walmart with holes in my shirt...does that mean I'm a  peopleofwalmart
 Philips  tardif_rory How long ago did you buy the TV? You should be able to return or exchange in 30 days. Did you buy a care plan? -Jim
 ReTweet  Specials  M SNB INDIGO RELAX JEAN STONEWASHED INDIGO BLUE3832 
😝I need to go to Walmart!!
 iamdamium  Walmart
Samsung Evo 128GB UHS-I microSDXC Memory Card for  25 + pickup at Walmart - 
everyone peep the new avi😜 cause found the boyfriend at walmart❤️
Check out this deal:
Brother Jx2517 Lightweight & Full Size Sewing Machine


Sent using Slickdeals for iOS
 ggreenwald  MazMHussain  DarrellIssa they have sales in China too. I'll let my chinese friends know 2 head 2 Walmart 2 feel true freedom.
Check out this deal:
5-Quarts Mobil 1 Full Synthetic Motor Oil (various grades)


Sent using Slickdeals for iOS
i go to walmart
 ROBLOX
Went to  Walmart, employee gave me the wrong ammo for a shotgun. Tried to take it back. Was told nothing could be done.  12 wasted.
In three months I'm going to take the test to be a CSM at Walmart.(:
sydney saw a knit headband at walmart and said it was cute and i said "as long as it's not one of those ugly ones with the bows" and +
 UMichWD  TigerWiles_II  C_Strib8 Walmart Wolverine.
 Mytwtsmyfeelins should be but it might be sold out!  This issue drops Dec 1 you can also find us at Walmart Canada.
I'm walking around Walmart in my pikachu onsie, oh hell yes
😭😭i just saw all those in walmart 
"what the hells a euro sham? we're in the damn United States!" -- overheard   my neighborhood Walmart
Walmart wyd 
Was at Walmart getting a new lamp and I saw this owl candle holder. Omg. Also, I saw this fox one... I need them in my life
I liked a  YouTube video from  legitaming4life SPIDERMAN PS4 IN WALMART!?!? (EXPLAINED)
Tens of Thousands Live in Walmart Carparks via  YouTube
I liked a  YouTube video Tens of Thousands Live in Walmart Carparks
Be like Zuma & dive into this puptastic Paw Patrol birthday party! ad:  CelebrateAmazingBDays  amgreetings   Walmart
Today I was late to my nephew baby shower lost my wallet found it then my credit card wouldn't wipe in WalMart
 Walmart what the heck? Why would your site let me pre-order an item and then cancel it out of the blue the next da… 
So many chismes at Walmart
 19RedFury I see roaches when I go to Walmart Stoney
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 40 Points! WOO HOO!!
 DeanCorinth exactly what I did, I spent 50 buying oil to do it myself when Walmart does it for 30 they had no cheaper oil
High-Tech - Walmart: Mobile shopping reaches an all-time high on Bla  htech 
They are not there to be subservient to you. So before you scream at the poor kid trying to ring you up at, say, Walmart, check yourself.
Make sure your bar is decked out for the holidays too! These shotgun shell lights from  walmart… 
And damn near busted my first nut walking around Walmart at 9 years old. Not even sure if it was possible but maaan them hips and thighs
 _jennydupree don't forget to stop by Walmart on your way home and pick up the tissues I put on layaway for you.
Suddenly remembered a time like 4 yrs ago when some kid in a walmart parkinglot made fun of my glasses and made me hate my glasses even more
This fine ass man just came in Outback, but he's wearing a Walmart camouflage hat 😕
 6.97 Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Smart Speedsters Police Car (vs.  12.99) at Walmart vía  dealspotr
 MrsChrisRob  Walmart yikes
"omg andrew take it down a notch this is CPK not walmart"
LMAO this man really followed me around in pearl Walmart earlier 😭💀
LGR_Reviews:  new The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great … 
nao please stop fucking crying over these walmart brand donkey kong country looking ass coconut heads
 lil_suav you at Walmart that one time 💀 
 SkyDoesTweeting yo mamma so fat when she sat on Walmart she lowered the prices 
done.
tell me why my dad came back from walmart with a xbox one s 
 Walmart two of my crayons in this 96 pack were broken. Can I exchange the crayons for whole Scarlets and Magentas? I'm a little sad.
saw quite the license plate at walmart 
 walmart  thanksgiving check out this account please! we need help  emo  asian  mysticmessenger  help  helpus  blackfriday  yellow
Idk man it's walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Metairie, LA 
 Walmart Not being sarcastic, what is a timely manner? Baffled that I can't get an answer. The info I have received thus far is misleading.
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <^I5t> 
Where's the video of Fidel Castro being trampled in the door of a Walmart?
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <]G6s> 
Middle of nowhere (  Walmart in Princeton, TX) 
 CjHicks_  JoeyG_34 Kyle Walmart is 1.75
Today was Small Business Saturday. Unfortunately, WalMart has run most of them out of business in my town.
 srussolillo  WSJ you'll never see my face again  Walmart
My parents found a kitten in a Walmart parking lot and I'm not even there to see it or play with it or love it :(
 new The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great 
Seen a screaming little kid getting dragged out of Walmart and it just reinforces why I don't want kids 👀
Hello  Walmart your customer service online is useless! Why did you cancel my order? 
Do you wanna hang with me in my hometown we can go to Walmart and then eat at the one Chinese restaurant before it closes and that's it
I been seeing alot of DUMB commercials this Holiday season  Apple  generalelectric  verizon  Walmart
Keep  BettyCrocker cookie mix bags on hand for a last minute treat you can whip up  Walmart  GetYourBettyOn  ad

My mom just had a cart crash in Walmart... that is why you should pay attention when driving anything....
Do you think Walmart would let me exchange this 96 pack of crayons I got yesterday for a new one b/c it came with a broken Scarlet? 🤔
 Omerta138 dang wish I had the cash to get my wife one, they were  180 at Walmart :(
How to play your own music at Walmart 
Feel like going to Walmart drunk and playing I've never been drunk before
walmart brings out the worst in people
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Douglasville, GA 
 Walmart saved the day!Defective tree replaced w/out receipt...  ChristmasSpirit is alive & well-surprisingly so is customer service!
I hate going to Walmart
Dude walked up and asked are we chippin since walmart takes a chip card and i thought he said are we crippin and i looked at him like wtf
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Top 10 CRAZIEST PEOPLE At WALMART! (Weird, Funny & Psycho People At
New hoodies just one yea Walmart Hoodie haha coo haha coo roc haha
holy fuck i hope every fucking walmart burns to the fucking ground.
So, who is the genius thatuthou ht ik would be wise to put the back-pain medz .n the bottom shelf  t Walmart?
 DRockUGA01 We aim to respond to each request personally. Pls keep us updated & let us know if u have not heard back in a timely manner. -KM
Cart boy at Walmart just yelled at me for hitting a cart with my truck. Maybe if you did your job I wouldn't have to hit it😂
 Walmart after 54 minutes and two folks, I got my issue resolved by a helpful and friendly lady. She made my overall experience positive.
Ppl really going hard core Christmas shopping at my job 🙄 this is not walmart 🙄🙄🙄🙄
WalMart had hams at a great price. Got a 7 pounder for  11! In the oven since 1pm and making the apartment smell... 
Someone please tell me why  Walmart charges a extra 2 dollars for extend size like XL and above. That's discrimination against big guys!!!
 19RedFury have you been at Walmart today?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kissimmee, FL 
Who wants to take me to Walmart to get the second part of my movie
Walmart had Shottas for  5. Had to buy that
 RachelA2406 I'm about to collapse in Walmart lol 😂
Chinese strikes hit wal-mart, coca-cola and sony where it hurts 
I been wanting one for the longest Walmart here I come 
walks around in walmart thinking about how my oc gets a spiritual awakening from realizing hes gay
My mom and I are at Walmart and it said this for change. She was suppose to get  1😂😂😂 
Walmart San Antonio shooting: Man killed when intervening in apparent domestic violence, police say - CBS News 
 MrsJulietLondon Target,  nice!  We still live at Walmart ;)
Walmart is always down to the last two packs of Aquafina bruh smh
Grocery shopping...my least favorite activity... (at  Walmart Supercenter in Erie, PA) 
Never met anyone who uses energy drinks with medicine till i came to walmart. These niggas crazy lmao
 ChadMcYessir and at Walmart
 thesmokinggun  Brothers Busted For Walmart Dirtbike Prank 
 Walmart I plan on going to the customer service link to file a formal complaint. For whatever good that will do me.
Was he trampled underfoot by shoppers at a Walmart?  DarrellIssa
 ScottyBoy434 The prices listed by our Marketplace Sellers may be different from those of Walmart. -KM
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great  Tech 
Southside Lions Park, because Walmart can wait.  OptOutside  walkwithAVA 
 FascinatingVids These white peoples are the Sam ones who are scared to go to Walmart on Black Friday.
 stevelord think that's merica, wait until you go into a walmart and see a rack of cheap guns
 Walmart your price scan at store don't work in to the ciber week special finish ???
The People of Walmart have nothing on the People of Family Dollar.
 Walmart my account was charged for both purchases before being told I was "being refunded because the items can't ship."
 JustRubb stole over  150 worth of Pokémon cards from Walmart lmfao  JoArroyo19 
Seen oomf at Walmart 👀
Walmart really pissing me off right now
 RClovesherboys when you're at the Walmart parking lot and see someone following you to ask for money.
Dude at Walmart: this plane looks really cool for 20 bucks
... then points at a helicopter
Salado Creek Greenway on the Southeast Side, because Walmart can wait.  OptOutside  walkwithAVA 
 Walmart so you plan on giving me the deal that I was going to receive from  blackfriday? I doubt it.
 mmilo1996 I'm with Vic at Walmart I'm down
Donate a toy, or coat, at your local  Walmart and help make  Christmas a truly magical time for local youth. 
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great: /*<… 
Some Christmas shopping (  Walmart in Selkirk, MB) 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <cODy> 
In the car at Walmart 
Yo shark Boy and Lava girl was a Walmart Spy Kids  myfirstTweet 
 walmart you will devestate this struggling rural community.  Charity starts with those you serve. 
I always have to get ready to go to Walmart or the grocery store bc that's the type of places you meet your wife, not a party
Things I will NOT buy at Walmart - Money Savvy Momma - 
*At Walmart*

Olivia: UGH. That lady's stomach is just sticking out! Oh my gosh...
Me: well, she's fucking pregnant.
Her: I know...but ugh
🙃
Went to Walmart for one thing & spent so much 😩
 AmazonHelp Thx to you and your employees for always coming through with my family's orders. Just had horrible experience w/ Walmart online.
 wolvesilvia I think you forgot I'm broke. I was thinking Walmart. LMFAO
 nsomniacsheepdg it's  BlackFriday every damn day there (if there was a toothless emoji i would use it for the KY  walmart)
Newhouse Lighting 3-Watt LED Clamp Lamp  [ Save 72% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
A customer just gave me a  10 gift card to Walmart for trimming his trees. Theres still good people out there.
Saw EOs at  Walmart today. Do you know why  doTERRA is the best? 
Are you going to  bakewithbetty &  walmart for the  holidays >ad   Mumproblems1
They was giving out free puppies at Walmart and i wanted to get one so bad to fill the void in my life
Dilf at Walmart!!! I repeat dilf at Walmart!!!
At Walmart buying milk and someone let their kid drive one of those motorized mini hummers around
Just spent my whole day at Walmart for an oil change.
 DBlackCBC walmart doin 300!
 Walmart I placed an order online and I was calling to see it came in. I couldn't ask to speak to the manager because they hung up too fast!
My dad is famous at Walmart!! He was just greeted by a mob of his adoring fans!😂😂😂
Caught a dude watching pornhub in Walmart 😂😂
 yofavvcurly  inhalethisjay Ky acted up in Walmart ONE time and I took her ass to the car & had a decent ass talk. Never happened again
 Dads_Reviews Pls set an in stock alert so we can let you know when more become available online. 2/2 -Ania
I was in the Greenbrier Walmart for a total of 10 minutes and saw 3 buttcracks. 😂
⒍ Black Friday
⒎ The Weeknd
⒏ Walmart
⒐  PuertoRico
⒑ Mayagüez

2016/11/26 18:55 AST  trndnl 
None of them come close to Walmart 
flonase over the counter walgreens & flonase cost at walmart & generic flonase 
Why is everyone at the Shadle Park Walmart always on meth?
 matternst34 It's only hood because I went to the stabby Walmart. LOL 😜
 quanb24  FatKidDeals not compared to walmart jig
Good Samaritan killed in deadly Walmart shooting identified as 39-year-old Isidro Zarate, a father of four:… 
These products claim to contain aloe vera — they don’t 
why are there ginormous resealable bags of cereal without boxes in walmart in america
 Dads_Reviews We truly apologize for any inconvenience caused by the cancellation of your order. 1/2 -Ania
 pace_picante666 they had skate 3 at Walmart for like 8 bucks
You know you're in a  WalMart parking lot when you find a shopping cart with a used  bra randomly left in the baske… 
 Sunday Coupon Inserts : Using  Coupons to get Cheap  Deals at  Walmart - - Budget  Frugal  Walmartdeals
I haven't seen a wonder ball in years😍😍 look what I found in walmart 
 _illumiCATi I hope that wasn't you I just saw at Walmart so I know I didn't look that dumb calling your name and you not responding haha.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Plymouth, NH 
Are you a health plan pro? Find out and enter to win (2)  100 Walmart gift cards and more! 2 winners total. 
 rochelleriley Could always go to Walmart and get some UM gear
 Walmart Thanks to Casey at store 01665 !!!!  Helpful and friendly !!
My  FightingIrish couldn't tackle the stuffed animal section at Walmart  USCvsND
 MakenaWatkins just gel from Walmart I think! I'll check when I get home
 nsomniacsheepdg I hate  Walmart
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great 
I hate going to Walmart runnin into old classmates mf wanna put on a fake smile an carry a fake conversation like gtfoh I'm Tryna a buy food
 amazon Thank you and your employees for always coming through with my family's orders. Just had a horrible experience with  Walmart online.
Walmart is the new black.
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great All the… 
Look what I scored! Super pumped.  blackfriday  ipadmini2  walmart  datenight  mychristmaspresent 
We searched high and low for PS4 Black Friday deals and stumbled upon one that not only is… 
 AlphaOmegaSin well technically their price match policy must state that before they can say that. I made walmart price match for me
my dad needs a leash for real this man has walked away from us 5 times in the 10 minutes we've been at this walmart
 vSRYv it was at Walmart for  15
Every time I go to the Cleburne Walmart I'm reminded why I got out of JoCo as fast as I could and why I never come home lol
This guy got the Klay Thompson goatee special at Walmart 
This is why every single Walmart should be torn down 
_TNews: The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great … 
I'm tempted to make a Walmart run but I may just wait til tomorrow
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great  technology
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great  technews
Asking the checkout girl at Walmart which aisle for the free handjobs never gets old
Walmart trips are funny
 J0ee92 take your ass to Walmart and grab two and you can have the second one lol
 Walmart y'all out here reselling? 
 matternst34 It's weekend o'clock. I was real hood too and I went to the ghetto Walmart in my pajamas. Haha
 Walmart Tour please.
 MissLizzyNJ  _Proud_American Was he crushed at the flat-screen display at Walmart?
I went to Walmart and I finally saw different shapes and sizes for Barbie dolls :)
It's just a plant hook in ceiling, plant hanging chain and then butterflies from the walmart xmas ornaments area.
T… 
 _ahoyle they have the giant Oreo ones at Walmart!!!
mate im gonna go down to walmart and wear an american flag as i trample minimum wage workers to death 
 Mary33814979 We'll continue to have amazing savings this holiday season, so please keep checking back with us. -Ania
New: The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great 
 DanaLovee__ when we were in Walmart?
Awkwardly waved at my neighbor today that was on the news for takings pics of girls under their skirt at Walmart
😂  messeyboy  You are silly! That Walmart Vine was funny.  Tell Aunt Rose that I said hey!
... The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great

The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great  techra… 
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great  sitesetup  tech  news
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <w`VC> 
 pituvision the day after Black Friday hunt results. Check out Walmart for  new world of Nintendo figures they're i… 
New post: Shopkins Kinstruction Town Center Only  24.49 (Reg.  35) 
 TheDukeXX99 If only walmart year on year sales would go viral so people would understand that "free trade" was a mistake
Walmart comes thru again!  Grocery shopping just got easier especially with the busy season is here. 
 _gennnnbunny_ omg stop I was looking at the video of us dancing in Walmart like two days ago cause it popped up on my computer hahaha
 SportsCenter  vine Peppers is such a beta douche. Couldn't do shit on the field today so he hits a fan. Hold the L Walmart Wolverines.
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great  Tech… 
I'm so mad my sister making me go in Walmart toe up
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great: Don't let…... 
when you can't go in walmart because you're crying in your car because west coast is the best song ever.
 TweetLikeAGirI walmart was doing it right 
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great: Don't let…… 
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great:…  tech… 
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great:…  tech  gadgets  trends  news
The best PS4 Black Friday bundle at Walmart has free two games – and they're great: We searched high and low for…… 
I buy Nike, you buy Walmart. It really isn't a lose in my book 😅
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <cKLy> 
Man Loses Over 300 Pounds And Totally Transforms His Body By Walking To Walmart 
I'm rushing to Walmart for slippers
PSA gas is  1.68 at Walmart
Announcement: 
it is socially unacceptable to wear pajamas in public. 
Have some self respect!
That is all.
 Walmart
Back at Walmart
How come  Walmart has like 30 registers & only 10 open??? 😳😱🤔🙄
I need a ride to Walmart 👀
 halestormc  tomlister Walmart in New Jersey
2 ppl who think im cool: i work   walmart . thats not cool
Sometimes I always hate when I go to Walmart but then someone I haven't seen in years spanks me lol  TotallyWorthIt 
At least nac go a mall commerce trash ass only got Walmart
 Walmart I did call them, over six times. Absolutely no help at all.
Lost my car at Walmart and literally walked around in circles looking for it😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
 haidynstewart22 nice hi im at walmart
 liljenni_ Walmart, target, Sally's :)
I wear a GT shirt cause my dad went there. You wear a GA shirt cause you went to Walmart😊
. Walmart Still no reply from our inquiry. We've paid for a product, don't have it, and no one can tell us when it will be in stock
en walmart
Walmart really has a credit card now .
From KSAT: Between the latinos and the blacks we'll just wipe ourselves out.
 MoS_Anticipated We apologize for the service you received. Did you ask to speak with the store management and share your feedback? -Carole
About to do a application for Walmart
"Do you work here at Walmart?" 
WHILE IM WEARING MY VEST THAT CLEARLY SAYS 

"Proud Walmart Associate 🔆"
I wish my dogs go just go with me everywhere like Walmart, the mall, movies, to eat, etc.. They don't have a choice to bail on me
 Gifts  Cards  50 Walmart Gift Card *Brand New Valid Online, Instore & Sam's Club.  Coupon… 
 Gift  Card  50 Walmart Gift Card *Brand New Valid Online, Instore & Sam's Club.  Coupon  BuyNow
 GiftCards  Coupons  50 Walmart Gift Card *Brand New Valid Online, Instore & Sam's Club. 
My best investment of 2016: buying  4 sweats   walmart on black friday
Found FLCL at walmart for 10 bucks!
Sitting here in Walmart parking lot 😤
Battle Field 1 is for 28  at Walmart
I hate going to Walmart always spend more than expected 😒
 GiftCard  Coupon  50 Walmart Gift Card *Brand New Valid Online, Instore & Sam's Club.  Discount  Bargains
they had these at walmart and i was going to get it but someone took one out of the package 
Coupon Cravings: Walmart: LEGO Dimensions Portal Level Pack Only  14 (Reg.  24.96) -  Coupon
 brooklester6 haha yeah we saw her as we were walking out of Walmart. I think we both were in a rush lol she looked great btw!
 InATrollsDownTime they are Walmart Greeters
Dropped my phone off the roof hanging up Christmas lights😐S/O my Walmart case cause no cracks or anything😇
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
 lyndseyfrenzy then there's Milani 2-in-1 foundation, Flower Cosmetics at Walmart, and NYX has two foundations as well.
Never buying prepackaged fruits from Walmart again. Terrible quality. Kroger has way better quality.
 LilMissJen23  Walmart No way to even come close in 140 characters so I will stick with they suck and don't care about their customers!
You better slide your ass to Walmart and get some 
Even though I've gone to Walmart for a total of 5 times within the last 3 days. ✋🏻
my mom is giving me her walmart gift card 
I just waited in line at Walmart to buy a single item and when I finally get to the front of the line, I can't buy it because it's recalled
 TheAlexEngstrom NO... Walmart is selling it with just Battlefield 1 for  250
 kielibrown tell me about it 🙄 I'll shop at Walmart just for your bitch ass😂❤️
I need somebody to go to Walmart and bring me some Pattie Pie! 
A brotha needs some sweet potato pie in his life asap
Just went to Walmart and got this pack of gum 
☆☆☆Small Business Saturday☆☆☆
Spending  100 at Walmart or another retail or department store during the holidays... 
And I would like to mention I laughed really loud in Walmart and I got strange looks from literally everyone when I… 
I need to go to Walmart 🙌🏻
Not to many things I hate more than Walmart.
Our answer to tackling some lady at Walmart for the last flatscreen TV...
.
 ride  getoutside  caferacer  triumph  … 
 AmiiboJason  HappilyCandied  AmiiboNews well my Walmart here in California has all 3 available already 😅 
hey guys i step in shit at the strip club and after i being silly at walmart love u all kiss kiss kiss
Besides going to Walmart I've been in the house all day!
This old guy in the bg Walmart spent 20 minutes explaining to me how he is an alien that lives multiple lives at once.
Walmart on Saratoga has 50 in flat screens for 225 for Black Friday sale ends at midnight
Just saw two people full on making out in Walmart... low price fetish?
One customer said how they do something one way at Walmart and I was like "well this is Staples" and now my employees are giving me shit😂
For whoever got me for secret santa, all the harry potter movies are at walmart rn
 ilnyarienici_  johannagriese my friend was visiting NYC & she got followed by security in walmart bc she was speaking russian on the phone
 Andieeus i hardly leave my house unless its to Walmart or the doctors l o l
EB Games photographed Walmart's Dankey Kong  amiibo during  E3
Walmart in Clinton is hands down the most ratchet in the world and I havent been to every one. Thats how crazy it is. No debate.
I really bought a crew neck from Walmart that says "don't hate on my Christmas music" because I'm fucking ugly
New blog post. Save money on a tree this year with  Walmart and  Burlington. A tree and decor under  100 bucks   
 jt_muir11  Rodad6  MattShow33  SirEddieBaby  BJKolcz classic Walmart scUM. Always living in the past.
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
I must have a really trusting face because the cashier at Walmart just told me her life story 😔
 XWonderzX is working at Walmart fun? 😶
 LemonLattes Tell me about it. I especially love the people who hate SNAP benefits, but shop at walmart, who pays tgeir employees so badly
 Uidsea I got mine I think 23" 1080p at walmart for about  100
Last year mistletoe kiss romantic asf in the Walmart aisle😂😂😂
Bir  YouTube oynatma listesine video ekledim: Black Friday Walmart Is Crazy Fight Many Louisiana 25.11.2016
Black Friday Walmart Is Crazy Fight Many Louisiana 25.11.2016: via  YouTube
 Walmart still awaiting a resolution or response.
Mad cause I'm at Walmart and my battery dead and it ain't no cute men for me to ask for help
shit what Walmart you was at?!? 👀🤔 
Target 60%, Walmart 70%: Mobile shopping hits record numbers over Thanksgiving and Black Friday via  techcrunch
If we can't be goofy af in Walmart together you ain't for me
One good thing guys, all UGA stuff is now 1/2 price at Walmart! Just look... 
 curtandnan lol    You must not shop at Walmart!
 ShopkinsWorld there's a Gemma Stone exclusive from Walmart but will you be selling this from any Australian retailers?
can i meet got7 at Walmart-
Everytime Dok2 comes to America he makes a trip to Walmart and McDonalds like they are 4star travel resorts or something  getittogether
 Walmart I'm not upset but I don't understand why marking me go through multiple levels of security is necessary.   makeshoppingeasy
My mom tweaking she better take me to Walmart before she leave 😒💯
Target has way badder bitches shopping than Walmart hands down🙌🏼
 You_R_Not_Nice lol I was speaking more to the people I see wearing them walking around Walmart.
also the little things can turn out to be really fun, like today when brenn took me and Vanessa on a walmart adventure I honestly love them
Walmart 
 capedoryus What items are you trying to order and what errors are you getting? Please share more details so we can help. -Carole
Disappointing that target doesn't have a hair cutting place when it's supposed to be the upscale version of Walmart and Walmart has one
 ShopSmall p.s. I ended up buying what I needed at  Walmart. If a small business wants mine, it needs good customer service.
It would only be irony if he had died getting run over to get the last discount TV at Walmart. 
 WASHINGTONLEVON my crocs were cooler since before Walmart carried them!
 Its_Beautyy can you run to walmart for me?
Walmart Strikes Yet Again. WTF Things That You Only See At Walmart 
I am v positive I just made eye contact with Justin Bieber at a Walmart in Jersey. That doesn't seem questionable at all, right? Right?
 germannova_ girl I always go get them at Walmart, there's like two slices for  2 in the bakery!
 BeastFireTimdog I picked it up for  15 at walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video 2016 panini prizm value pack vs 2016 blaster box (new at walmart) Nba
it's small business saturday but me and my family at walmart 😂😂
Dear  Walmart...
Let me rephrase that: Shannon in customer service at the south  Oshawa location is the best!  goodcustomerservice  amazing
When every other creditor said YES  Walmart said NO. Now I'm getting emails saying apply today...NO THANKS...Why so you can say NO again
 JKap415  ahnounce he got you Kap. U should get one of them educations. They sell for 20 at walmart
Walmart run then work. 3k still the goal.
Anyone on campus going to Walmart right now?
 sammyapproves  mdaly_margaret  Walmart We made some. I use apple sauce instead of sugar.
 ogtookie_ target or walmart. they in the bra section
 walmart  You lost money when you treated people like crooks. We're at Meijer's. 
 You_R_Not_Nice I could be down with crocs once the Walmart shithole stigma dissipates.
 ShaggyBlack haven't been in a Walmart in years fam. They be on some other.
You can survive in Key West, FL working as a retail sales associate, but you're on EBT in lewisburg working at Walmart. Think about it
 keithallen6231  KirkHerbstreit  OhioStateFB  UMichFootball Too bad you can't spell, Walmart Wolverine
soooo I lost my brother at Walmart & he doesn't have his phone on him & im about to leave 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
 elidaata_ Those are like the Walmart brand versions of the MC extra festive
that skateboard is like 15 years old n its from walmart
Just saw Kayla at Walmart. She's still as fine as the day I met her.
Walmart got allllllllla the good movies on sale
Looking for a wall mount (at  Walmart Supercenter in Howell, MI w/  lovicebriggs) 
Walmart Canada Cyber Monday Flyer Deals Sale 2016 ^.^ only 1 day
I got the Mega Man amiibo but made sure to let my mother know that Walmart had some rare ass amiibo 👀👀
 nastywatch jesse!!takes!!hanzo!!to!!walmart!!!!!
Picking up my load for Walmart. (  Kraft in Groveport, OH) 
Walmart wit baby
 marywanna27 check walmart! they have this weird section of stl souvenirs
⒍ Black Friday
⒎ The Weeknd
⒏ Walmart
⒐  PuertoRico
⒑ Mayagüez

2016/11/26 18:35 AST  trndnl 
 ShaggyBlack that's the 3rd story I've heard like that about Walmart in two days smh.
When the Walmart greeter doesn't even greet you.
 mariaro482136  sunnheat I didn't go our this year. This is also why I avoided Walmart, Best Buys...
I need someone to go to Walmart with me I hate going alone 😔
na but I went in Walmart & Sam's with no pants on..2 different occasions 
 Pologhini_  but the other day when i saw you at walmart you ignored me
walked into walmart and it was all sunny and nice and walked out of walmart and it was a frickin downpour what
Anjelina got her new lenses..  orozcogirls  daddysgirl  walmart  vision  glasses   Walmart Fort… 
Walmart vs. Gucci
ac- CAMILASMENDES (Vine by  siredtoheda) 
Walmart need to gone and give me my raise.
 Walmart if I don't get my TV, I will sue.
 JuAnXhO1913 Thanks for asking. You will find instructions how to pay with an international credit card at -Ania
 KissaSins walmart
 Jillniki hahaha what's in Walmart?
 BeastFireTimdog yeah u right. Recore was selling at Walmart and Target this black Friday.
 JacobWhitesides I just met your stepdad at Walmart!! He was playing your album on one of the TVs 😂 that's why I ca… 
WKU has no room to talk until they don't have Russell jerseys, which can be found at your local Walmart.
Walmart ~ Batman VS. Superman Batcave Playset only  88 - <h3>Public access is restricted</h3>
[walmart] Game Dynasty Warriors 8 Empires - PS4 por R  34,90 
I cut myself and was bleeding and all she cares to reply about are what I'm buying for her at Walmart 🙄🙄 
 allieawake the best price I found when I was on a strict budget was Walmart
 realTMcCormick  realDonaldTrump  Patriot18D Sorry, no wall  But he did say he would run to Walmart to see about picking up some drones
Look what i got from Walmart.... I haven't seen these for almost 10 years at Walmart...
time just seem to move so slow in Walmart
So I'm at Walmart with Kam and this guy I used to talk to seen me ...
walmart has a credit card now? they know they wrong lmao everybody gone be in debt now
I go to Walmart too damn often. 🙄
I said that I was done spending this week so my Dad needed to point out that Electro & Scarlet Witch were  13 on Wa… 
Dear  Walmart ...
Your customer service knowledge on products that are for sale is  awful 
 awfulcustomerservice  training  walmartfights
 NickTowery Walmart lol
 PWR106 We apologize for the error. Please report it here at so we can take care of it. -Carole
 NavyvsSMU Color man should go back to being greeter at Walmart
 JacobWhitesides I just met your stepdad at Walmart!! He was playing your album on one of the TVs 😂 that's why I came over there! Love you❤️
Walmart Rogue One Toy Ad via  YouTube
 InATrollsDownTime They probably just sit on a bench at a Walmart and judge everything around them
 jea3esq i thought walmart was ohios inbreeds fav place
Mom: We leaving 5 to go to Walmart 
Me   5:30 sitting on the couch dressed: 
 JacobWhitesides I just met your stepdad at Walmart!! He was playing your album on one of the TVs 😂 that's why I came over there! Love you!
Update: we made it to Walmart.  praiseJesus  He'stoogoodtome
 NicoPhoeniXXX or as icall it welcoome to walmart..lol  
 InATrollsDownTime they email Walmart because there is no Confederate Flag dinnerware
Five minutes in Walmart and I seen 3 people from Cambria county's most wanted list.
CHLOE HAS A WALMART SHIRT LIKE SHE STANS WALMART
But I got the keys out the car when he was walking back in Walmart and we got excited like two big kids 😂
Wait, did Castro die in a WalMart stampede trying to buy an Xbox One or something?
 PhDeezus 
gabby's family surprised me by saying we were going to walmart to pick a christmas tree for my family i CRIED
I'm so bored that if Walmart call me right now to come in early I'll go
Did my online Walmart shopping, go pick it up tomorrow, drive up they bring it out and load it.  let you know how it goes, pretty cool.
VIDEO: Walmart Shoppers Fight Over Towels (Black Friday 2016) 
I lost my mom in Walmart and it was life changing to say the least
50 Shocking Photos of Naughty Women Flashing Their Private Parts at Walmart

I was gonna go to walmart but I give up 😂 I don't even wanna drive
Walmart starts at  9
Omg my mom almost got in a fight at Walmart 🙃😂😂
Only at  Walmart do you see this  stayclassy and yes it's raining and yes it's a leather sofa 
 ramirezlisully but at Walmart they're like hidden they're by the nail polishes by the leg tanners at least the one on 59 that's where they
That could be Aeropostale, WALMART, Hibbets, ETC
i'm at walmart and i legit bought a hoodie cause i didn't know it was going to rain
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART 
 ramirezlisully ugh dude honestly Walmart sells them but they NEVER have any lol I know you forsure can get it at Walgreens for like 9 
 slapartist_406  Aledia_  Walmart  SpinMaster but then even after I managed to order they then said they oversold their stock
We went back in Walmart and I'm like "baby buy this. I'm gonna break it so we can use it as a hook" he walked away and said "hell no"
Last night we walked from the mall all the way to walmart lmfao that shit was far. 😭
This is the second time today we have filled the cruiser with toys! Come make a donation before 6pm at Walmart! 
 slapartist_406  Aledia_  Walmart  SpinMaster supposedly with those last 2days online sales Walmart limited purchase to 1per order
 Walmart It would be great if u guys follow
So glad I get to listen to Christmas music at the nursing home and at Walmart ☺️
 screenclutter i want to go to walmart to confirm the veracity of this tweet but i can't find my brass knuckles
I'm at  Walmart_br in Limeira, SP 
 CharlesRobbins Please contact us at so we can help you with your order. -Ania
 gleefulindemann  hornylindemann crayola colored pencil from Walmart 😻😻😻😻
I never thought the day would come where I had to fucking steal plastic bags from Walmart smh 10 cents my ass
My memory is so bad I'll have to go to Walmart four times before I actually get everything I need
When I got tahlia , dri , and Chris waiting for me at my house and I'm in walmart😭😭
Black Friday:Customers fight over everything from TVs to  1.60 towels as stores open their doors for record splurge 
 Walmart I got a brand new TV and some room decor for my new house :)
Hookless White Herringbone Polyester Shower Curtian with Fabric Liner  [ Save 72% ]  Walmart  us  Sale 
I pull up at Walmart and the first thing I see when I look over is a lady with a witch tattoo and two cats just laying on her dash
Call him number 2 Walmart
So I went to Walmart and they didn't have it 🙁 
Mean mom, here. Daughter has friend over, and asks to go to Walmart shopping. I say No. She says why. I say she... 
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25  Walmart GC from  BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
 unstableambro We're glad to hear that! What are some of the great deals you got? -Carole
Chanel vs. Walmart 
My mom just called me to tell me Walmart is hiring. SHOOK.
I literally slept all day as if I didn't need to go to Walmart
Who wants to take me to Walmart ? 😂
 realxxteamtdmx1 It's for many different consoles. You can check it out at -Ania
 Walmart yes it does thanks
 blakeshelton  I don't know if you remember but right before Thanksgiving you ran Into a lady and helped her load her car in Walmart in
Do You Know Who The People Of Walmart Are? - 
 Salinas_132  PlayStation  Walmart my boyfriend finessed u
champagne tastes of ass unless u spend  90 on a veuve cliquot bcuz if it were called Wine Pop n sold at walmart we'd miss the condescension.
 Mi780M Walmart
Just sang What I Got by Sublime with the stoned Santa man outside of Walmart..it was lit
why does walmart keep carding me !!!!!! all i want is a rated M video game that i've been playing since i was little !!!
 cMerchant420 also I live at Walmart so I'll just hit you up the day after and you can bring it here lol
Just walked by a lady in Walmart wearing a Kappa jacket Lordt why couldn't I snap that picture?! 😩
 Walmart I save money bc of you guys 💞
 Walmart I know  Walmart won't do the right thing because I'm only 1 person. I wish I could get the experts of justice at  FoxNews to help!
Chandler Wilson, Director of Analytics and Insights, Walmart Corporate Affairs  WilsonChandler 
Been a busy morning!! Went to Walmart, then to lunch... Now it's Christmas movie time!! 🎄🎅🏻☃️
 Walmart I love Walmart
Somebody need to inform me on what just happened at Walmart in my Juliet this nigga riding with 2 flats literally
Chaches my Walmart is where all the memories happen lmaoo
Adventuring Walmart 😂  exciting 
I did my walmart shopping all they other stuff at Toys R us & Target  then kerri & dj cell phones
 Retweet  Specials  Hanes Baby Toddler Boy Underwear Briefs 6 Pack 
Stuff the TTC bus at Walmart Islington and Rexdale Sunday 10 to 5 let's all help please tcdsb  tcdsb  ttc 
Fuck him & that Walmart brand fedora. 
just saw a person back out of a spot   Walmart to pull into one spot closer to the store & that's the most pathetic thing I've seen lately 😂
 Walmart Okay, thanks, I hope you have it soon.
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 290 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 11/26/2016 5:28:00 PM
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
100% getting a boob job if i still have to continue buying bras from the walmart kids section
 KeiReverence Protest all the shooting and killings not walmart
📹 awesomefitnessmotivation: Working out   Walmart 
Walmart run
some workers at walmart were like "aren't you cold?" because i'm wearing shorts and another woman behind me said "no bcos global warming"
 Walmart Doing that now. Never had problems like this with Amazon. I hope you can make this right.
[walmart] Game Bladestorm Nightmare - PS4 por R  34,90 
I need to go to Walmart !
I'm at Walmart... what has gone wrong with my life??? Someone send help
Do y'all think Walmart will be packed ?
*walking around Walmart with friend*
*random dude comes up and says can I have your number?*
*who me*
*yea* 
*no walks away*😂
i wonder if they have no regard for me to go to walmart rn and buy a...
Look who I found at our local  Walmart !!! The one the only  thepioneerwoman !!! 
 walmart Took minutes to take my money, but days to return, and couldn't give me what I paid for. Great business ethics.
This ratchet Walmart employee had the whole damn aisle to pass me, and had the nerve to bump my bag? Are you kidding...
Walmart testing blockchains to monitor supply chains and logistics: 
Am apreciat un videoclip pe  YouTube de la  trendcrave, Top 10 CRAZIEST PEOPLE At WALMART! (Weird, Funny &
Walmart's Anti-Union Training Video Is Another Reason Why No One Should Shop There 
 jrdhhmn don't bother.....our fav Walmart wolverines will just continue to whine. Enjoy your W and make the B1G proud in the CFP
 SteveM3777  Walmart What happened?
I liked a  YouTube video from  therealrtu Please, PLEASE DO NOT BUY AN NES Classic From Walmart For  500!
Line out the door at Walmart with people trying to return their Michigan gear
 Wario64 got it for  15 at WALMART
It never fails Leah ALWAYS falls asleep right before we get to walmart 😞🙄
Sitting in my car trying to talk myself into going into Walmart 😑😑😑😑😔
Energizer Battery 8pks Just  2.80 At Walmart! 
Carina 1 Carat T.W. Certified Round Diamond 14kt Gold Solitaire Ring -  888.00: Walmart offers Carina 1 Carat T.W.… 
RCA Voyager 7″ 16GB Tablet with Keyboard Case Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) -  44.98: Walmart offers RCA Voyager 7"… 
 __amandalavigne Walmart
 balenceeaga T-Mobile and Target y'all lol not Walmart
 bbglitterati Walmart is Trump territory here. 😷
 DariannGonzales can't remember where we got it but they probably have some at walmart or petsmart
too pretentious for walmart grocery shopping... where is my goat milk feta??? i don't eat cow milk feta????
How  BayleaOtis gon sit outside of Walmart for an hour and a half and not ask me if I was at work until now 🤔?
 PeelPoliceMedia it's unbelievable at Walmart on Coventry Rd. (Queen and Airport, Brampton). It's difficult just to walk in the store due to
My biggest issue today is that Walmart doesn't have lifesaver gummies.  tragic
 vnessa_3 We'd like to hear more about your experience, so we can improve. Please contact us at -Ania
 walmart went to pick them up and was told they didn't have them. Now its going to take 7-10 days to get a refund
Walmart is the easiest job in the world
 ReTweet  Specials  Hanes Baby Toddler Boy Underwear Briefs 6 Pack 
Hate walmart on Black Friday
 Miran_tauk lol walmart got that whip cream on sale for black friday 😂😂😂
Me: do you have peanuts?
guy at Walmart: what kind you want? cashews?

ummm maybe just peanut-peanuts??
my grandma and i cannot navigate walmart together the
 15tsteve  monicafeltman it's better than cornfields and Walmart 😂😂
Bored at walmart 
 Harbaugh is blaming officiating. I blame his diaper-ass, Walmart khakis.  getsomestyleJim  GoBucks
 RobbazTube get the best Walmart online chair. Can't look at reviews. Trust ur gut 😅
 Walmart in St. George has the price scanner guns at the self check-out. My 12 year old self is overjoyed.
Mood: Wearing my YG 
"Fuck Donald Trump" shirt to do my Saturday WalMart shopping...😌
 ErikaEDavids  JohnDav48091992 I think he needs to hit up the Walmart tissue sale too
 Wolferfly yup lol family member works at Walmart and snagged one when a customer showed him the typo lmao
 ethereal4ngel aye at Walmart on thanks giving they were a 1 ! Even I bought a shit load 😂
 galenmiller2003 hey you feel sorry for flint how about all those that take free water up to Walmart in Saginaw trying to return it for cash
 ispshadow We're very sorry for the inconvenience. Could you let us know more at so we can look into it? -Carole
Need to run to Walmart
Never have Walmart put tires on your car. Everything was all good until I noticed a 7" by 3" chunk of fucking paint was missing from the car
Sharde has me in Walmart on my knees crying rn 😂😂😂 I cannot
Sheffield 2 Piece Precision Tool Set (multitool + knife + carry pouch)  5.00  Walmart 
 Walmart they couldnt find it in the back. It arrived 9am on 11/25.
 NIX78NIX Walmart has never offered online payments for Layaway. Hope this answers your question. Thank you! -Ania
why is it so hot in walmart
 leiprie Also they didn't have what I needed so I got to continue my streak of not spending money at Walmart.  TinyVictories
Walmart must be having a sale on salt for all their wolverines
Just drove to and from Walmart!!😁🚗
 Walmart bathrooms are the most horrifying experience of my life... ☠️
 MattG124  my existential crisis is beginning to resemble that of one of those lost black toddlers in Walmart
When  walmart says allow 48 hours for the email regarding your warranty for the camera you brought. Yet you haven't received it yet
I liked a  YouTube video from  spartanmauer Nintendo and Walmart greedy as Ebay scalpers! NES Classic edition
Nintendo and Walmart greedy as Ebay scalpers!  NES Classic edition via  YouTube
hey guys i killing people at walmart and after i eat dog shit good pooping bye
 sgfg_luke me when I just got to walmart not even black friday
Watch Walmart, Springsteen, Ellen, and De Niro Receive Medal of Freedom Awards  fakeheadlinebot  learntocode  makeatwitterbot  javascript
 PeelPoliceMedia i meant "take care of private parking lot like Walmart" ...
I do not feel like going to Walmart with my mom but if I don't I'll be sleep in 5 mins max😩
Walmart here I come 😩😔
New post: 2016 Best Cyber Monday Deals From Amazon, Walmart, Macy's And More 
i just spent  53 in walmart on just christmas bag and wrapping paper and tissue..  ineedhelp
This IS true!  Walmart  Supergirl 
⒍ Black Friday
⒎ The Weeknd
⒏ Walmart
⒐  PuertoRico
⒑ Mayagüez

2016/11/26 18:12 AST  trndnl 
😂😂 I stole so much from Walmart 
I see more pajama pants walking around Walmart then they sell
 jettila Tomorrow as we made a special trip to Walmart just now and forgot it!
s/o to the lady in Walmart who just told me that I have beautiful eyes. people like you make this world better ❤️
Nintendo and Walmart greedy as Ebay scalpers!  NES Classic edition 
I went to Walmart for the first time in 4? years today and they have a sign in the front asking if you've forgotten your kids in the car.
Nintendo and Walmart suck: via  YouTube
I JUST WASTED TOO MUCH OF MY TIME IN WALMART.
 DaKidArtNeal they got nice prices tho! Your local neighborhood Walmart might price match with them 😊
Top 10 CRAZIEST PEOPLE At WALMART! (Weird, Funny & Psycho People At Wal-Mart): via  YouTube
THE FACT THAT IM ABOUT TO BEAT THIS OLD WHITE BITCH ASS IN THIS WALMART.
 ATWALLYWORLDKICKINIT LOL  PreGameTime Salute MANAGER KING JOHN x Queen Emily ITS A Walmart… 
 PeelPoliceMedia hi there. Do you guys take care about pr care parking lot like Walmart for example?
Homo juxtaposition!  Walmart Jesus is such a drama queen. 
Yesterday's  BlackFriday haul with the babe  kaylaRawrss  Walmart  Movies  Games  BlackFridayShopping 
Walmart 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: How Good Are They?  tech ☄ ⛱  v  ℑnnovate 
Walmart Black Friday In Pictures  tech ☄ ⛱  v  ℑnnovate 
i went to walmart & was gonna checkout in syd's lane & she closed it right before i could 😂
66% OFF  RedDeadRedemption  GOTY for  Xbox 360 from  Walmart
 XboxOne  games 

 SuspendedShaaa why is there a walmart script...
 ReTweet  Specials  Wood Storage Bench 
Damn Ms.sheila got walked out Walmart by the police today?
Need to go to Walmart to get this wall mount for my tv 😊
 e_chardeee I promise you aldi is not a bad store lol it's great, their stuff is fresh unlike Walmart
Aha. Might have to run to Walmart after all. Make use of that mail-in-rebate....
HAUL - My Protein, Nike, Garnier, aa skincare, Walmart & Gympad Giveaway! 
 Walmart Why sell something online for pickup that you don't actually have? Amazon never tells me that! FURIOUS.
I went to  Walmart today and told the cashier  merrychristmas and they called the cops on me. Cops made me say  happyholidays  waronxmas
 captaintwaz kinda walmart logoish? Or is it just me? No offense intended of course
🎶It's the most capitalist day of the year,
with the bargains they're selling and Walmart is telling you
"Cheap TVs here!"🎶
 DarrellIssa
 ToriMatheu  zeenaramirezz i think so! i bought mine at ulta but i saw online that it's at walmart
 m1ssberyl  Comicstorian  geekhoodies NOTED. I suggest walmart. Although it's cheaper quality, it's low enough price to buy more often
 FrustratedGamin ahh nice i kinda avoid walmart it gets crazy there lol
 KENDALONDECCKK_ oh you trippin walmart got the bigger bottle
i hope SG2 is explicit and has a deluxe so i can buy 4 digitals and like 5 or 6 if it has a walmart and target exclusive wig
. Walmart: Nobody should lose their job because they're too sick to work. Adopt a healthy sick leave policy now! 
Theres kids in my backyard having a nerf war. I should run to walmart and get the nerf turret gun and launch a full assault against them.
 slapartist_406  Aledia_  Walmart Sorry that it is happening, We are working hard with our online partners to stop unauthorized resellers.
Pioneer? WTF  Walmart 
Went into Walmart for motor oil, walked out with 2 gold fish 😊
I saw the cutest Monkey at Walmart and it reminded me of  LuiCalibre so I got it! ^-^
 ReTweet  Specials  South Shore Spark Full 54 Bookcase Headboard Multiple 
 MLB  Cards BoeingLTIMORE  Orioles 2016  Topps Holiday Walmart COMPLETE TEAM SET (6) Cards 
Walmart is having a run on Kleenex by all the m whiners!  TTUNstillsucks
 ElleCamden  I am going to Walmart tomorrow !
What happens when you leave a cake from Walmart out for an hour 
 LASmith32_23 I very much appreciate you holding it in. I can't escape like the boy in Walmart with  jededalus
 Pinback  Bobble  Funko POP - WALMART BLACK FRIDAY 2016 Exclusive Mystery Box  Batman RARE In Hand  Store  Mall
Been at WalMart for 2 hours an 15 min waiting for them to change 1 tire. MY g i could have done it faster myself for free
Lmao my parents tell me to go get a gallon of milk at Walmart and send me a 3 hr shopping list
 fatwreck i keep seeing walmart  99 ones posted so i'd keep an eye out for those if they come back in stock, no idea if they're instore too
 snason2013  UMichFootball  OhioStateFB  Walmart what Bowl game is MSU going too?
 Walmart I went Black Friday in walmart ... best experience evererr
I liked a  YouTube video from  lucascruikshank F*CK YOU WALMART!! *WARNING: MOIST*
 Target  Walmart you had three cards blinking not plugged in. Aiken. Whiskey road.  At least you had an associate who seemed to care.  fail
"Where's the potato aisle" -  MacyJohnson_10 at Walmart
Enhancement game ma found online. She picked up muffin tray from Walmart and dad got balls from… 
 walmart  photoshoot  whynot   Walmart South Boston 
 ad Stacking savings on my fave snack  oreo at  Walmart. Get your... by  krazykatfreebie via  c0nvey
Walmart would be clutch if they delivered
I got mine from Walmart..  CallowBeThyName 
 TOP Alto alcance com 3 antenas!
Roteador Wireless Link One High Power Lite L1-RWH333L 300 Mbps
Por R  69,90:… 
ive been in walmart for two minutes and four men have almost collided w me bc they didn't want to move out of my way
🛒🎁🎀 (at  Walmart in Union City, CA) 
I got excited because I went into Walmart, why am I so sad😂
Dave Hadfield is our special guest, is  Cmdr_Hadfield interested in seeing us all perform after his book signing at Walmart Fri before? 🤔🤔☺
I know it's so easy for a lot of us just to go to Walmart, Target or any big-box store to buy… 
 Rolo_LeRouge I can tell that's Walmart, why was a leak never reported? >.< It shouldn't have been allowed to get that bad.
At  Walmart colorful families aren't traditional. 
 Chelorecords That's not what we want to hear. Is there anything we can help you with? -Carole
Walmart has a poster of the XY gang and you bet I'm getting it.
 Walmart Do I really have to wait till 2029 to get my  DVD of  BigBangTheory  missmayim  kunalnayyar 
Sneaked my dog into walmart E.T. style 
it worked
Just picked up my second order today!!  I'm so hooked!  Left my house at 1:20 and was back home and had... 
 Dubai  Ads Walmart: Fairy Princess 
Walmart: Fairy Princess  advertising  aotw 
Walmart: The Man  advertising  aotw 
 Dubai  Ads Walmart: The Man 
Walmart: Holiday Helpers  advertising  aotw 
 Dubai  Ads Walmart: Holiday Helpers 
Walmart: Freak Out  advertising  aotw 
 Dubai  Ads Walmart: Freak Out 
Shopping therapy with limited damage. (at  Walmart in Okemos, MI) 
 gustavo09555792 We are working with Nintendo on opportunities to offer the item to our customers. Pls stay tuned for future offers. -Ania
 Walmart y can't I order? 2 days now. BstBuy shipped and delivered in the time I tried to order online from WMrt.  blackfridaydisaster
 Bloviate_Barbie products... lets c WalMart ships in  60B from china a tariff would certainly help Walmart reduce prices right good economics
 Walmart the Walmart in the white haven neighborhood of Memphis TN area are very very rude over the phone
He wasn't trying to get out of a Chicago Walmart with a big screen TV, by any chance? 
 Ashleybrielle78  lulBekah  JazzmineSkinner  Des_youngvick5 you goin to Walmart
dreading this walmart run.
 ulysisam  jennjacquelynm You talking about China or Walmart employees in the states?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bedford, TX 
Mfs at Walmart irritating
 DaKidArtNeal from Walmart
Do you ever just take a pic of an extremely hot guy in walmart bc same 
Lol Hell I Was To Its Walmart Looking A Mess To So It Don't Matter 
Here’s  10 off groceries! 
Yay walmart has  wwe wrapping paper   Walmart Heath 
Account hacked  Walmart and Savings Catcher balance stolen. On hold for 35 minutes and counting... YourCSNeedsHelp
 S_Kemper you remember that one time....at Walmart...🙃😂 
In the Walmart parking lot 
 DevBuckets Walmart sweater fore head all that shit😂😂
🌟LAST DAY to back  GAMELYN_GAMES fantastic new game TINY EPIC QUEST ! 🌟 See it on Kickstarter now!! ⚡️FINAL HOURS⚡️  Walmart  walgreens
 Walmart Amex cleaned out my account but the problem has since been fixed
WHY is your pony in WalMart 
 Walmart did you restock the NES classic today? price didnt change at 5pm
Black Friday in Walmart is entertaining as hell watching people fighting over stuff the will bring back the next day  shame  blackfriday
Walmart knows how to welcome back the Coastal kids 
 walmart  photoshoot  daddydaughter  whynot   Walmart South Boston 
 DeauxWork We understand your frustrations. However, with high demand items, we can't guarantee the items in your cart. -Ania
Nice job  Walmart  your store couldn't match its own price.  Trying to charge me  30 more than web and every other retailer.
 SuedeBrooks aww I saw you at walmart! 😍 
Ran into a neighborhood childhood friend at Walmart and our moms were good friends. She recognized me but I would have never recognized her.
Thanks  Walmart for delivering the 'big' Christmas gift unwrapped for my kids to see.  SpoilerAlert
DUh! And here come Walmart and Koch Brothers right behind her...charters will be the chink in educational ops 4 kid… 
 buckbites but I don't work at Walmart. Must be second nicest guy in the world
1 am walmart runs 
My uber driver: "Out of all the people I've picked up from Walmart, you are, by far, the lightest one."
Walmart has credit cards now smh
 grung3queen update: she came out and we hung out by going to walmart and now we are both home warm and safe
Walmart may be cheap and janky but I got a sweater from there yesterday and I have never been happier
 LucreciaAldao "[ Salinas+ Romney( MoronMafia)+ Bush+ Walton( WalMart)= 2Billion per week for  Drugs
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Houston, TX 
Why is walmart always a clusterfuck of absolute chaos?
Walmart 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: How Good Are They? 
Enter to win a  250 Walmart gift card: 
Picking up my load for Walmart. (  Kraft Foods - Refrigerated in Groveport, OH) 
Walmart San Antonio shooting: Man killed when intervening in apparent  domestiviolence, police say -  CBSNews 
 YaceliAMoreno__ who's going to Walmart with me seriously
Well looks like Walmart doesn't have a thot working cash registers tonight 😂😂😂
I checked in at Walmart on  Yelp 
WALMART.PY RUNS ON PYTHON 2.7

SO USE THAT
Today at Walmart I saw 2 arguments, a Paralympic Gold Medalist, and lost my mom. Only at Walmart.
 Juanito011 Sorry about that. Some items were in a high demand this year. We'll share your feedback as we evaluate future events. -Ania
Yesterday Paul threw a football in Walmart and it bounced back and hit me in the face . 
Needless to say my face still hurts.
 CamrynHaag Walmart girl. They're on sale. 😌😌
If you are in need of ugly Christmas sweaters, Gaffney Walmart has got some of the ugliest sweaters I've ever seen
we went to walmart for like 20 minutes and someone broke into my aunts car that's cool
 ChiliBowlJCG Walmart, they had the small bags, but I've found larger bags at other grocery stores.
This man just walked his mini horse into Walmart.
Been in bed all day eating pizza and shit, watching football, then he wants to get his oil changed and we walked to Walmart and back...
I'm excited to go to Walmart. It's been a while 😬
Walmart just pisses me off
 Walmart  Chicago:   Asks to receive pre-approval credit cards for the holidays?   Send a link of website to tweet msg  Venusjz Aeon.
 DeyNoFunny  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
I hope Walmart know the latest I'm staying is 7
When Hayden wants a Christmas tree, I run to Walmart and spend  200 on a Christmas tree 😑😑 I take orders from a 5 yr old 🙃🙃
It was reported that InFidel Castro died of injuries sustained while in line at Walmart but got trampled w/ Trump's… 
 ezlusztig  washingtonpost When people vote for a white trash reality host for president, we're not exceptional or even cool, we're Walmart.
I need 2 go 2 Walmart
I thought people's driving on Town East was bad, but I've been hit by 3 shopping carts since I got to Walmart.
I'm at  Walmart in Buena Park, CA 
 kaylaispale either does Walmart although they sell them on their websites
I get my best mom clothes from Walmart tbh
I WAS JUSR TALKING TO MYSELF OUT LOUD IN THE WALMART BoeingTHROOM AND I DIDNT REALIZE SOMEONE WAS IN HERE
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lake Charles, LA 
if Auburn beats Alabama i'll streak through walmart
 nathalienunezz_ Walmart is trash so
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
Walmart is a proud Cisco customer!  ciscovoip  walmart   Walmart Chamblee 
I went to Walmart to find something for my dad's bday. Ended up droppin  70 on pjs for my nephew 😩
When you catch your ex staring at you in Walmart. I know I look good boo😂
 KingMontae11 Walmart
 e_chardeee lmao no I don't trust Walmart meat at all. I heard aldi was cheap and had fresh organic produce and meat
 ryenarussillo  gary_davisjr  dannykanell  RussilloKanell nothing is better than Walmart Wolverine fans crying about officiating
they each getting something I can buy with my walmart credit card
The best article of clothing I have ever owned.  6 from men's underwear section at Walmart 
This dude is dripping in gold chains in Walmart lol
 MyNameIsGaron  Walmart a fight ensued on Thanksgiving at my inlaws' house when my wife suggested walmart was trashy.
All of the best-selling Walmart Black Friday deals so far - TechRadar 
People watching in walmart  is great its like one long episode of trailer park boys  walmart  trailerparkboys  blackfriday  ohio
Ugam analysis shows, post Black Friday, Walmart had the highest number of sample toys priced the lowest  UgamHoliday 
Sophia seeing people at Walmart is hella funny
Freaking left brow coming out looking like Walmart 😒
It's the holidays! Make sure to save on  OREOcookies at  walmart   snackandsave   walmart  ad  
I also get my eyebrows threaded at Walmart
 lemmycarrillo Walmart pulled the same shit on me for the nintendos
I use to finesse tf outta WalMart for them cards lmaoooo had a whole system
Hi I'm an Alabama fan I also root for WalMart, gravity, and the plague.
😭😭 Walmart is the plug 
Can't wait to say fuck Walmart 😒
 RF 2016  Topps HOLIDAY SNOWFLAKE JOSE BoeingUTISTA  HMW127  BlueJays WALMART EXCLUSIVE  MLB… 
 morgaanhope Walmart!! They're so cheap I have 3 different pairs 😄
Nothing in Walmart I wanted that bad 
I hate walmart. I hate cars. I hate traffic. I want some sleep! 😩😩
Cialis Dose & Cialis Daily & Cialis Coupon & Cialis 10 Mg & Canada Cialis & Generic Cialis Walmart 
Clearly more relevant than you 😇😇😇 she wont be rockin stolen walmart face paint 😌 
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
 rasher245 Walmart had some but either they were games I had or on a system I didn't have or anything I really wanted
Downing a can in front of Walmart tho 😂
That's cool until I put it in my pocket and drive all the way across the Walmart parking lot 
 e_chardeee  DaKidArtNeal you crazy aldi has better stuff than Walmart, you just have to bring your own bag lol
Walmart ‘Cyber Monday’ 2016 Deals: How Good Are They? — Forbes Real Time 
Was in Walmart and this 10 yr old kid was throwing a big ass tantrum over a nerf gun.. Him and his dad were on the ground wrestling...then
 SonjaBeautiful_ they in Walmart if u really want some tho
I found a mini  Spectacles bot at my local  Walmart  Snapchat 
 Holiday price war intensifies as  WalMart and  Target pursue  Amazon 
Pokémon Card Tins are half off at Target/Walmart this weekend. GG! Grabbed a Groudon box
yep, Walmart 🙄 
 Aledia_  Walmart  SpinMaster Walmart could fix it but won't! Really upset that I am unable to get for Christmas because of scampers. 😡
My cousins left Walmart because they didn't want to wait. What did you expect on Black Friday
These dumb bitches at Walmart really starting to blow me 😒
Yesterday we took Sumer to the movies to watch Moana and she kept saying she wanted to go to Walmart like chill be a kid 😒😂
Capacete Integral Liberty For Girls Kid... Apenas R 44.90 Acesse  bike  bf2016  oferta… 
sat in my car for 15 mins at walmart bc i dont wanna go in😭
Another gripe wit Scum is y'all don't keep y'all Walmart Wolverines in check y'all let them do the trash talkin 4 u and wanna act innocent
 TheTazTaylor hahah he going to make you choke on some of his Walmart suit buttons 😂
 14.98 Marvel Titan Hero Series, 3-Pack (vs.  24.97) at Walmart via  dealspotr
Cel. Qbex Xgo HS011 Preto ... De R 253.15 Por R 199.99 Acesse  celular  bf2016  oferta… 
Pretty sure I just saw a couple fucking in the Walmart parking lot...
They done bought all this food from Walmart 😂 thanksgiving part 2?
I guess you could say that Black Friday at Walmart was a successful trip. I might have  went a little crazy.… 
Here's a selfie from a few days ago in dirty air forces and a Walmart sweater, borrowing Taylor's pose 
Lessons from  retail masters…Sam Walton built  Walmart  into the biggest retailer in the world. 
I'm at  Walmart_br in Contagem, MG 
I remember one time when I was little I got in a fight with a kid at Walmart for hoggin the demo game 😂😂😂😂
⒍ Black Friday
⒎ The Weeknd
⒏ Walmart
⒐  PuertoRico
⒑ Mayagüez

2016/11/26 17:57 AST  trndnl 
 chiraq_mil5 I just bought some at Walmart. It was my first time ever seeing them
 Deals  VideoGames  Consoles DOOM PLAYSTATION 4 PS4 VIDEOGAME BRAND NEW FACTORY SEALED WALMART EXCLUSIVE
53 Shocking Photos Of Shoppers Only Found At Walmart 
Prada Pumps Are on Sale for Black Friday at 
We're at the Walmart at 238th and NE Sandy collecting toys for Snow Cap. Please donate! 
RUN WALMART.PY RESTOCK
Don't head into the holiday baking season without this timesaver! Look -->    ad… 
Really Walmart? Really? 
 Eight_Thoughts PS. Fuck the giveaway, I'm returning the games to WalMart for a full refund. Joking. I sold them to TmarTn for his giveaway.
I saw a really hot guy in Walmart. now I'm sad that I won't see him ever again. awesome.
4 months later and walmart still hasn't had the klean up krewww on the paint aisle, go peep my snap story!… 
 natefc hahaha don't be a sellout. Stay ACC and don't give in to the walmart fans of UGA! LFC and Tech wins don't happen too often!
When black friday is over and you walk out of walmart feeling like a boss  BlackFriday 
How to get Banned from Walmart 
NBoeing 2K17 is 4 FUCKING DOLLARS at Walmart 😂😂😂  Prettyboyfredo  NaDeXeY  CashNastyGaming  power_got_next  IamKrisLondon
 Best  Toys Funko POP Vinyl Walmart Exclusive  Batman VS SUPERMAN GLOW-IN-THE-DARK 2-Pack  Hot  Sales
I am betting  joepa82 &  KevinKloo are already on their way to Walmart to return some team merchandise  walmarters  uofmslaps  fanboys
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <U?dk> 
 sale 26″ Roadmaster Granite Peak Women’s Bike -  58.00: Walmart offers 26" Roadmaster Granite Peak Women's Bike in… 
Took me 15 minutes to go into Walmart, buy the size of his nutt
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart 
My friend saved my sisters fish's life! Threw him in a water bottle right in the Walmart parking lot 😂😂😂 omg best story I've heard all day.
Just saw a kid at Walmart doing the whip in front of a security camera
 Advertising - Walmart: Fairy Princess - -

Share: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Goo… 
 Advertising - Walmart: The Man - -

Share: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google Plu… 
I'm never going to autozone for oil again, Walmart does it for cheaper and it's more convenient
 Advertising - Walmart: Holiday Helpers - -

Share: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Go… 
 Advertising - Walmart: Freak Out - -

Share: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google P… 
we are literally pregaming walmart right now
 MekalaLynn87  giftIist  Positivevibe101  IndiaPaige_17  RyleeByrd Kain and I got ours already, Walmart and Target! They was on sale!
 Walmart we did that mr. Automated response, but  Walmart doesn't care about their customers enough to do anything! Shop  amazon everyone!!
Just spent  60 on 12 movies from Walmart's Black Friday sale.  whereami  outofcontrol 🙈🙊😳😭
 Walmart I have replied and await your response  cautiouslyoptomistic
 HarbaughWeTrust Walmart is having a black Friday deal
If you see me at Walmart ... I'm sorry 🤒
 Walmart 9 sets of failed Christmas lights. Wasted  70. Merry Christmas! Thanks for ruining my Christmas! 
It has become the walmart wolverine hour on facebook, so im switching to twitter...
 allie_gibsonx We want all live fish to be treated humanely. Please share at & management will be notified. -Ginna
Yes. Get your crumbs. We have elected an oligarch!  15 per hour and plenty of Walmart Shopping. 
Tasha Armstrong Salaam n u wan go to Walmart? !?! 
 MazMHussain  DarrellIssa Freedom is all about brawling in Walmart to get a new 4K TV.
I will never buy from again.
So I'm walking in Walmart & this guy is on the phone and goes "You give the best head" 
UMM EXCUSE ME!!!!!
You know you're in the South when Walmart carries tubs of Mayonnaise bigger than your head.
 Walmart Picked up my BF purchase "site to store" (Samsung Chromebook 3 - 4gb ram, as advertised online). I received 2gb low-end model.
I need someone I can just call and say "Hey I need to go to Walmart, I'm going to pick you up" 

&& have it not be weird
 MeredithWatkin hi that's gay work at Walmart. They pay  9 an hour 🙂🙂
 Randazzoj I got a really good deal on Castro’s death but I had to go to Walmart at 4:30
DUDE. i found a walmart
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Big  Mac®  Extra  Value  Meal  with  medium  coffee - Save  1.50 on Any  Extra... 
 laurxnr the goodwill in front of Walmart! But I start a new job next week roughly.
 ditzkoff it's just. . . . Walmart.
Best Buy price match is useless, they don't match prices with  bestbuy
Went to Walmart and everyone was saying "Merry Christmas" as I walked in. I wanted to cry. 🎄⛄️
 mariaevex why don't you go exchange the box at Walmart for a bigger size? :)
Statesboro Walmart ugly
I just saw the cutest guy at Walmart...i'm never going to see him again.
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <5j4K> 
All of the best-selling Walmart Black Friday deals so far - TechRadar  Technology 
wtf I see everyone here at Walmart hahaha
hot girls of walmart 
Walmart is mega empty. Ayebody at home watching Auburn v Alabama 😂
Anyone wanna go to Walmart and try to do the don't move challenge? Haha 😂  dontmovechallenge  dontmoveitsachallenge 😂
Nigga I hate walmart
So ya gone act like Fidel Castro didn't bless up with Walmart ?....I'm sleep
I originally bought  Recore from  Walmart but decided to cancel because of their  slow shipping - bought 3days ago, won't be here for 2wks.
I should've just stayed at Walmart.. I hate the job I'm at now.
Walmart Black Friday Protest 
 TheRiceRebel hey Did I buy a tv at Walmart from you yesterday?
By the way I'm dressed, I should've gone to Walmart.. but Target is a necessity.
 ajmighton  KG_at_BG a Walmart buckeye (or any team) is a bandwagon fan that chooses a team based on just their record & it being easy/basic
Just spent 100 dollars on Bears stuff at Walmart. I have a problem.
I asked Christle what she getting at Walmart, & her ass gon say some strawberries 😂😂 that's it ?😂😂
 slapartist_406 i know.   Walmart can fix it.  SpinMaster  has shipped more
 J_Eschedor Please visit so we can further assist you. -KM
Where are the south  Shasta Co Xmas tree lots? NM. Bought a tree at  Walmart and now I'm going to hell.
I’ve heard that night guards work, but I just can’t see myself sleeping with one. They’re available at pharmacies,… 
Poor Walmart, sales are gonna be rough for the next few months after that game 😁
Jayla just rubbed on some random ladys ass at walmart 😂😂 wtf.
 GamingDaysGD Please share your experience with us at so we can address this issue properly. -Ania
Literally going to kill a Walmart worker today 😤
Boutta spend  50 at Walmart lol
Also it wasn't like Castro was killed by getting trampled at Walmart. He was 90.
chanel v walmart 
"Remember, get in the way of as many strangers as possible!"-what parents must say before they take their kids into Walmart
just saw someone on a bike in walmart run into a shelf of batteries haha
somebody else came on while i was in walmart and i started crying
When did Walmart start selling Jordan's? 
 MARV_elous21 they're on sale at Walmart
Need a giant dry erase calendar from Walmart.
the amount of people i knew in middle/high school that i stopped talking to and then saw at walmart on black friday wth babies is astounding
Channel vs Walmart 
 GMANonScified Yea that looks like a Walmart on black Friday
feds tried to sell me food stamps at walmart and some dude tried to see me a jesus piece...i ain't eeeem look at it and turned him down
Thank you to Cathy Bosco & Dave Boisvert for lending a hand & for donating a Walmart gift card!! 
~Keep Sharing & Caring!!!~
Walmart: Fairy Princess 
Walmart: The Man 
 BlueLotus43 thanks boo! I was thinking about there. I thought Walmart would have them but they didn't 😔
Walmart: Holiday Helpers 
Walmart: Freak Out 
 hellabarone AT WALMART
Here's a fun new stress free way to make  cookies this year.  ad  MMYnewengland
The amount of Walmart Wolverines out this year is insane!
26″ Roadmaster Granite Peak Women’s Bike -  58.00: Walmart offers 26" Roadmaster Granite Peak Women's Bike in blue… 
 GailVazOxlade like your list better than mine... WalMart, LCBO, work.
 jenisgitt  azarnafisi Walmart wants charter in order to control the rhetoric, just like Fox 'fair & balanced', load of hooey!
Fidel Castro and the people who got trampled at Walmart yesterday. Yaaaay capitalism. 
Stopped in a random  Walmart on the way home & got the  Exclusive 3.75"  BlackSeries  EmperorsRoyalGuard!  StarWars… 
Duck lips in pictures. The mannequin challenge. Putting an "s" on the end of Walmart... ThingsIWantToGoAway 😞😂  humor
Like like like like a child all through Walmart.
I'm at  Walmart in Sherwood, OR 
Stole a candy bar out of Walmart when I was a kid cause my mom wouldn't buy it & got caught😭 
 Timtommytom hi im going to walmart
Disappointed again in my local VW store. Couldn't help me activate because I bought a prepaid VW phone  walmart=no comission.  sowrong
 Wolferfly yupppp lol walmart made a typo on the site 2 months ago and I got it for 20.00 :D
Keep this in mind this Christmas season. 🎄
 YOU, the customer, are my everything. ❤ Spending  100 at Walmart or... 
 EpsilonLayLay reminds me of the faces of Vader tshirt in Walmart
Walking through Walmart and I feel dirty.
Oh . . . shit, what's happening?Walmart Supercenter is slower than Super 🎯 Target and it's all food sales!
 shopivoryella  GirIsStyle I literally saw this shirt in Walmart last night
Ironic that the living face of Communism should perish waiting in line for HDTVs at Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Corpus Christi, TX 
Losing your Mom in Hobby Lobby is just as bad as losing her in Walmart. 👍🏼  SOS
Went to SWVA Walmart in full UVA gear. Got the 1 cashier (person?) there who was a Wahoo fan! 
 Walmart when did you stop selling swimsuits? The lady at my store suggested I go to swimco where a suit costs a minimum of  100
Red Dead Redemption: Game of the Year (Xbox 360)  10 Walmart 
 Cookiecat107 20. Phan
49. OKAY SO I WAS IN WALMART AND MY FAM WAS SOMEWHERE ELSE AND-
 BCsGirl09 We're sorry to hear that! -KM
Walmart=slavery<<<<
 MeosoFunny corporate America is not hurting one bit Walmart uses subsidies like food stamps to keep more profits in their pocket like
 laurenshayyyy apply at Walmart 😂
Complete & utter chaos already in Walmart, why do I bother lol but it worked out..I ended up getting 20 dollars more back that should have 😂
this  Christmas  windowsfromheaven  God  clouds  sky  scriptures color  picturebook 
Nicest guy in the world trying to help me find my one hour photo at  Walmart - how many hours does it take to lose a one hour order?
Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian 
Nothing can stop me now thanks to my supplier Walmart 
How salty u think the WalMart fans are gonna be when we beat Penn state so OSU ends up actually making the B1G championship
 Walmart Tried to get replacement vacuum for 1 I bought yesterday that was damaged in box. Mgmnt unhelpful. Just want what I bought. Help!
 Pattric looks like the Walking Dead. Only time Walmart is bearable.
 Walmart  FedEx thanks for coming thru WAY earlier than expected to deliver or early back Friday gift. While it's r… 
Hi my name is Jam I live in Walmart with my bag who's name is Jimmy the ugly forgotten bag
I'm at  Walmart in Farmingdale, NY 
At Walmart
 KayReindl You are in a Super Walmart. We'll need reinforcements.
When Walmart isn't having a sale on your favorite khakis 
Bed bugs at walmart...happy black friday... 
Walmart: Fairy Princess  creatividad  internacional 
 ODOT_NorthCenOH Why wasn't the sidewalk connected between Walmart and Cabela's on Chester in Avon?
Walmart: The Man  creatividad  internacional 
Walmart: Holiday Helpers  creatividad  internacional 
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food 
Walmart: Freak Out  creatividad  internacional 
Yessss I Seen You In Walmart Ass Was On Fleeekkkkk 😍😍😍😍 
Love Snuggle <3 There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
I'm sitting in Walmart blind af waiting for this lady and her manager to give me some damn contacts
 MatthewJDiaz literally wearing these rn but walmart sells them, they aren't bad 
Check out this awesome deal we just found at Walmart!! You can score this Batman vs Superman Ultimate Batcave... 
Walmart ~ Batman VS. Superman Batcave Playset only  88 - 
This was me at the walmart today. At this point, I'm like, "Here, take the darn money. I don't even are any more." 
 Sneakerdicted pretty much your only chance to cop is at TRO or Target when they first open. I'm not sure how Walmart does theirs since they
 heyheyman We're sorry this is happening. Please contact us at so that we can look into this issue further. -Ginna
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Yugioh - Walmart Value Cube - 7 Boosters 3 Holos
Bad calls happen all day ery day. Refs are human. Get over it and stock up on Gator Bowl gear at WalMart
Never in my life did I think I'd be forced to record field notes in a Walmart.  thanksanthropology
Walmart Cyber Monday 2016 Deals: Cyber Week starts on Black Friday 
I love WI but girls love dudes who get dressed in the dark after doing their shopping at Walmart and I'll never get it🤔
 haydenn10 sleeping
Need to fade Walmart .. don't want to get up
 Walmart - your Highland Village TX store needs serious help.  45minuteswaiting  2customersahead  managersgavebeencalled.  dontshopatwalmart
 bkrich83 Do you like the curved TV? I'm not sure about it. I hope I don't regret it. My walmart has one on display and it looks great there
 LOCFoundation Please contact us at 800-Walmart. -KM
or that look at your shit like you're weird. like they're not 57 and still haven't been promoted at Walmart... burn… 
 arendelles_ annnd walmart still has black Friday DVDs so I got more bc i have no self control 
Thicker than them potato wedges at the Walmart deli ..
 tascy_tweet Please check with your local store about that. Thanks! -Ania
Chicks with insanely giant asses in their 20s gonna be those moms waddling around in Walmart.
Omg dude fuck Walmart
Walmart be giving me weak ass off days. Like Wednesday's and Thursday's 🙄
me: walking into Walmart with my mom
mom: of shoot, we can't get things, I don't have money
had to make a early trip to walmart earlier cause my baby brix started her period 😢❤️❤️
 RichieIsBack no chance at Walmart ?
My mother has a unhealthy obsession with the "as seen on tv" section in Walmart.
i hate walmart lmao
Need help keeping the  kids busy this winter?   ChristmasTime  Holidays  ad 
Cyber Week DEALS are Here at Walmart!!! GO GO GO!!! - 
 discount  coupon  deal 
Celebrating the UK win by going to the Valley Station Walmart to get a Christmas tree ! Happy Holidays
bitch im broke what's the Walmart version? 
You don't walk into Walmart & offer them  10 for a  20 shirt. So don't offer me  15 on a  30 product. Small business' are still business'.
Walmart got free wifi now😭
*at Walmart*
Savannah : "Something your not" 
I think there is a pattern we should probably expect to see another few thousand posted on walmart in a few hours Wario64
It's official.  Walmart is the tenth circle of hell.
 LuckySwantucky  KG_at_BG is a Walmart buckeye fan. 🤔
The face I make when a Walmart employee doesn't know how to do their… 
I have a Walmart stalker smh,  I don't even like shopping at that Walmart anymore.
 Lukevan7 sold out at toys r us , Ima check Walmart
 ProfDeaner Walmart in perrysburg was DEAD ... I loved it
I just want to go to Walmart 😭
Getting kicked out of Walmart + Face reveal
New Upload, Go check it out!

 Sneakerdicted TRU and Walmart
LOL Walmart I went to had copies of The Last Guardian just sitting around. Game isn't slated to release for another 2 weeks!
For those of you who have never seen or have nobodies what a  oxymoron is, here you go   Walmart… 
Fire crews at Nanaimo Walmart after evacuation due to fire. 
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Egg  McMuffin®  Extra  Value  Meal  with  medium  coffee - Save  1.50 on Any  Egg... 
Walmart 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: How Good Are They? - Forbes: Forbes Walmart 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: How Good… 
I had baby fever, then I went to Walmart for 20 minutes and listened to all the screaming kids. I no longer have baby fever.. at all.
Check out M2 Machines Auto Dreams Patriot Release WalmartS03 Walmart Only Set of 6 With Sleeve  via  eBay
Walmart 😷
 Target  99.93 for my holiday lights.  Store wouldn't honor the  50 credit. All lights returned. Off to WalMart.  Bye bye.
New bed arrived from  walmart 2 days early woo! Now to prep the  van for it 
Black Friday Xbox One, PS4 2016 Deals: Walmart, Best Buy Sales Include Overwatch, Call of Duty... 
today's mission : not to kill myself after being at walmart twice today 
 ajmighton  KG_at_BG not at all AJ, been a Michigan fan for my entire existence. How is that a Walmart wolverine? 🤔
Totally figured out a way to cheat the system and make money off of Walmart. I made like  10 today.
Someone come to Walmart with me when I get off of work 🙃
just mean mugged tf out all that highway patrol outside of walmart fuck all y'all 😇
 TheRalphRetort Hopefully it is too high. The pearl is nothing but liberal cucks. It would be nice to revamp. I say build a Walmart.
honestly skam is just the walmart version of skins....💀💀
This is the one weekend of the year when Target becomes a little TOO Walmart for me.
My daughter loves these she uses them to water paint.The hairs doesn't come out like others  usartsupply
 judyrdzxx I'm about to go to walmart
 paulgroves75 very cute...hopefully Walmart Canada starts to stock them too!
 _PrinceAlonso Kroger better than Walmart anyway lol
 Kid  Toys Mattel DC Multiverse Suicide Squad Walmart Excl. "Diablo" Action  Figure In Box 
⒍ Black Friday
⒎ The Weeknd
⒏ Walmart
⒐  PuertoRico
⒑ Mayagüez

2016/11/26 17:37 AST  trndnl 
 DetroitTone Walmart Wolverines? I'm not hip homie lmao
My Walmart Saving's Catcher was deleted. :=( 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Desloge, MO 
People Of Walmart Pt 6 
 nickhankes16 update Walmart Wolverines don't understand what "attend" a University means 
Wish me luck I'm heading to Walmart on Black Friday weekend for groceries
I liked a  YouTube video Old lady at walmart
My heart goes out to all of the real UofM fans today, horrible way to lose that game... no sympathy whatsoever for… 
 TeddyGreenstein you'll never be able to step in a Walmart again, Teddy.
BLACK FRIDAY DEMONSTRATION AT WALMART IN DETROIT: via  YouTube
celebrated Thanksgiving as the pilgrims intended by doing a mannequin challenge while pushing a kid down at Walmart & stealing her Hatchimal
 H2H32004  JumpVote lol. Be honest i went 2 walmart other day. 1st day in 3 years. Its disgusting in everyone. Id rather spend the extra  
I'm at Walmart and this girl walked by and she looked at her receipt and cried
he said Walmart wolverine😂 bye because I'm done with twitter.
 _Abbyyy6 on clearance at Walmart in rockton 😚 
 Walmart Hi Carole. Helmets to go along with the Razor 😉
Need to run to Walmart but don't feel like it 🙄
Walmart ? U clearing delusional 
Bought a 3 pack at Walmart and actually had pretty solid luck!  pokemonxy 
WALMART NOW SELLS KPOP?! WHAT 
Lmfao target and Walmart are dangerous on Black Friday. You need a "I survived pin" 
 majornelson  Battlefield  Walmart damn I'm glad I waited. Great price
 RodneyDavis  SpeakerRyan you're going to shutdown Walmart and Home Depot?
Real G's by their blunts from Walmart 😂.  JustMyThoughts
Josh was supposed to help me with my hw we went to Walmart, the creek, the park and even church. Still no hw done.
Im finally at walmart getting the coinstar and got 25  off the quarters
Price Of Viagra & Viagra 100 Mg & Pfizer Viagra Coupons Walmart & Generic Viagra Shipped From Usa 
 moniboyce  MenahKC  SocialFly2282  Divaup  Diva_711  TinaDixon almost was apart of cyber shutdown of walmart websi… 
Um is this a walmart version of mongeau's hoes 
 andsheloves Thank you for reaching out. Please contact us at so that we may assist you with this issue. -Ginna
 katelynmorseee walmart babe wya
Good Samaritan killed in deadly Walmart shooting identified 
You can tell the level your Walmart is at by the mirrors they have or do not 👀
Just spent 40 min at Walmart... why
Walmart: Shopkins Shoppies Gemma Stone  20 (Regularly  42)  shopkins  toys 
 PimpsDontCry710 Walmart, believe it or not!
I got offered a bourbon sample at Walmart today
Hey  rhettandlink I'm stuck waiting at a Walmart for a new tire. But I'm right next to a Bojangles. What's good at Bojangles?
Shouting at people to come buy a gym membership from me at Walmart. This is horrible
Worry about your sorry teams playing in some Walmart taco bell bowl and don't worry about the playoff bound buckeyes.
A little poetry for all you Black Friday folks out there: LGB - "Addicted To Walmart "  WANPOETRY (Bayou City 2016) 
BoeingCK IN STOCK!! Free Walmart Welcome Baby Box!! -  couponers  couponing  couponingcommunity
 mattyglesias  CallOut4 Costco is like the world market compared to Sam's club and Walmart You can feel the different atmospheres
SAPD: Good Samaritan fatally shot outside Northwest Side Walmart - -… 
Man eff Walmart they ain't hire me 
I saw more contact at Walmart during Black Friday shopping. 
My company forces me to use Walmart pharmacy. I've been unable to get to the pharmacy site today. Has anyone else had this problem?
when. am i gonna meet michael. if i unstan will i meet him outside a fuckin walmart
I have to go to Walmart and I'm already annoyed, haven't even walked in the door yet 😭😒
Still better than Walmart on a weekend
Yo this person at Walmart just tasted baby powder like its a regular thing... Bihhh what lol 😅
 KG_at_BG  LuckySwantucky Kevin aren't you a Walmart Michigan fan 🐸☕
Hey  coldmtntracker  There are 6 22oz bottles at the Hendersonville Rd Walmart
The place by American Deli in the plaza by Walmart on sparkman. 
 hhawkmothh Whole Foods shoppers: myehhh gonna stand in middle of aisle & stare at quinoa 

Walmart: here lemme walk in front of your cart
I need to go to Walmart!!
I'm having weird ass deja by at Walmart ✨
Just got a call back from Walmart 🙌🏾
Walmart is a f**king MaDhOuSe
Walmart has tissue sale for u of M fans 
 RezoProfessor  Target ours went from a zellers to a target and now it's a Walmart 😂
Waiting for the bus. 

Note the lack of snow....   Walmart 
Just went to a Walmart where everyone was friendly, the shelves were fully stocked, and most of the checkout lanes were open. I'm shocked.
 Walmart thanks for replying. I'll track them down and ask them the same question.
 rjonesx  MarkHarrisNYC I'd normally agree with you, but this is the age of monopoly powers & Walmart & even Google fucking over small biz
Hey Michigan fans I think Walmart is has Western gear on sale... 😂😂  RTB
walmart ma vi
 9 at Walmart got me like 
Living across the street from a Walmart is simultaneously the best and worst thing. 
Today I'm going for a pitcher to make iced coffee.
 hotincleveland We ventured into a WalMart for groceries. I didn't think we'd make it out alive. I now believe zombies are real!
Carded Star Wars Figure, Walmart Exclusive, Black Series, Luke Skywalker  StarWars 
If Yeen got no funds 💵💴💸 Yeen poppin nigga😭  haters  remake  remix  hood  ratchet  trap  film  Walmart  awesome 
Best Black Friday Deals 2016: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, on TVs, Toys and More – Barron’s 
She tellin me about bra shopping at Walmart & "aurtharitis"
 AngieSays The prices listed by our Marketplace Sellers may be different from those of Walmart. -KM
Shopping at Whole Foods and Walmart are similar experiences in that   both stores are filled with people terrible at shopping
Shoot, I could go to Walmart for milk and come home married. Honestly, it's not that difficult unless you're super picky like me. 😊
"I'm already carrying 5 dead bodies, I don't need 6."
-overheard in Walmart
Curved 4k 55 inch smart samsung tv only for  1000 at Walmart... Tempted but i already have like 10 smart tvs that i own lol
I havent gotten out of my pj's all day....and yes, that included a trip to the Walmart (s).  represent
Like it or not the United States has trade agreements with China.If you do not like Walmart products you are under… 
People who tailgate me at Walmart, try me again, I will gladly waste your time
And we have landed ......yup Walmart continues to be a shit show.....
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food – Ars Technica 
 rjonesx  MarkHarrisNYC ...these small businesses barely hanging on. And if theyre gone do we replace them with Walmart?
I bet Walmart isn't too busy rn  gobucks
go in Walmart for 1 thang come out with other shit 😩
 Amscv423 well can u go to a Walmart,no one would be there now...ohhh wait 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart!!;;//..


Was going to go to Walmart but the Loud house Christmas special came on...
Feeling guilty for the rest of the day because you didn't have cash for the Salvation Army Walmart bell ringer 😔 🔔🎄
 965KOIT  Freska Even yesterday    Walmart, there were a lot of ppl Christmas shoppin'. Me n my mom were there. 😁🎄
 965KOIT
Whatever happens in that  ArnBawl game: Stay. Out. Of. Walmart.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <nV=:> 
just got called a dyke at walmart 🤘🏻
I vow to never return each and every time I step foot in a Walmart
Hey  Walmart it's ridiculous in 2016 your store won't match a price from your website and I had to do store pickup to get it  wtf
I've made stupid decisions in my life but stumbling into Walmart at 3am and copping 2k17 for  20 makes me think I'm doing things right
I'm going to Walmart on the internet
 iPHONE: Best iPhone SE, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6s Black Friday Deals 2016: Best Buy, Target, Walmart 
Walmart 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: How Good Are They? - Walmart Cyber Monday 2016 deals are out, here they are ... 
 forbes Walmart 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: How Good Are They? 
I liked a  YouTube video from  jeffgetscrafty WALMART DOUBLE DECKER TOILET PAPER FORT | THROWING THINGS AT
I'm gonna celebrate small business Saturday by going to Walmart and pushing over everyone's carts and calling them selfish
 KidTwiffy  jayjaymilan  JohnKincade  CBSSportsRadio at least harbaugh goes to Walmart and eats boogers and is quirky though!
 TimHortons saw a customer unable 2b served   ur walmart bomanville location bcuz ur pinpads arent accessible. Its 2016 why is this a thing
I wonder if walmart has black friday sales on bleach
New report card on toxics:  Walmart &  Target get B’s,  amazon &  Costco get F’s. More at:  MindTheStore
 Walmart that's the problem no human connection! There's no  listed & couldn't find one online.need 2 speak 2 someone.. holdingupourprogress
waitaminute. yall call non student/alumni fans "walmart wolverines"

😂😂😂
So I'm at Walmart and I was waiting for my ride and there was 3 white drunk people that started arguing with this poor African American guy
 cle0patrv  Walmart you did good 😊
 MattHayesCFB guy makes 7 mil per year and buys his clothes at Walmart... He'll be ok.
Picking us the last of gifts for my grandchildren.  walmart  orderonline  pickup
[DEAL] If you missed Walmart's sale, Titanfall 2 is now  29.99 at BestBuy 
 PepperNPals so I go to Walmart and they didn't have international stamps and I had to make EYE CONTACT with several REAL LIVE people
Fans of  leafyishere attack  idubbbz at a walmart!
I'm finna get a job at Walmart hell. All the fine people work there 😋😋
now its time for YouTube seeing as the library just using the card on walmart.
 GovPenceIN I met you at Columbus Walmart in 2009. I'm proud of you and fully confident that you'll lead us back!
When your plug think he Walmart 
Tell me how a Walmart full of inferior Chinese goods is okay but dismantling embargo for Cuba 90 miles from Florida… 
 BrookeBCNN 2/2  is used you're in the wrong job.Breathtaking incompetence. You should be stacking shelves in walmart. (I'm anti-Trump)
I love Walmart
Walmart had one style of buttflap jimjams today and I'm upset. Gotta try again another time.
I hate Walmart
8 pairs of lashes for less then  5.00!  Walmart Clearance section!  Woohooo!!   lashesfordays  lashes… 
 Valentines  Gifts 2013 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake  TeddyBear White Boy 20" Red Cothes Nice NWT… 
Walmart has  2.50 blankets!! I just bought some to donate! Consider going out to your local Walmart to donate blank… 
But I got stuck at Walmart getting my tire replaced
 ToysRUs is a joke - horrible customer service - lost me as a customer - will go to target Walmart or Amazon
 Fresh_Shad Walmart! I saw some the other day
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs 24 HOUR CHALLENGE IN WALMART! (How to Get Banned From Walmart!)
 shannonwood44  YouTube okay, sure,  Walmart wolverine 😉
 Walmart on Thanksgiving weekend what a nightmare. Aisles too small & customers too big
Suck it Walmart Wolverines
 TinyNue  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
I went to Walmart with them to get two things. It has been three hours. Help me.
 MeosoFunny that would take care of small businesses and then corps like Walmart wouldn't be allowed to profit from food stamps since their
"Socks come from Walmart they Hanes" 
 Thesportsrivals Learn to spell, Walmart Wolverine. I can cheer for whoever I want. YOU are the reason I root against Michigan.
tee said walmart treat me like a slave 😂😂😂😂
Mom talking about lets go to Walmart... NO MY NIGGA NO. I don't wanna be around you period 😂 I want friends. Drinks. PEERS.
13 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart

😜😜😂😂

i wouldn't stand that either. we don't claim walmart wolverines 
FREE  10 Gift Card to Target, Walmart, Kohl's or Macys

Ya girl drove all the way to Walmart then parked in between the lines ✌🏽️😈
I'm thinking about live tweeting from the toothpaste aisle at Walmart.
 Walmart Marry me?
 Walmart you refused to sell us a product at the price you advertised, which I believe is illegal
 MarkeithAntonio We apologize for the delay. Are you still having issues? If so, please share more details so we can help. -Carole
 Walmart I already spoke to someone on the website. I actually just got an email and part of my order was cancelled 😕
Walmart employees with the khaki pants >>* 
 Walmart Doesn't recognize my postal code. It was a strongly written letter to. The orillia store needs to get looked into.
I'm not going to Walmart anymore until the salvation army people leave
This guy at Walmart just bought 20 iPad minis y'all... not even kidding😂😂
Groceries and Clamato 😁 (at  Walmart Supercenter in North Richland Hill, TX w/  javier__ag) 
 ChriskLeslie Please contact us at so that we can assist you with your order. -Ginna
 Amir_Hali  jrnavarro99 Nah it's just that Walmart sucks
 MoniqueDionneee nail salon in Walmart but it might've just been at that particular one
Reno Police investigating after deadly Walmart shooting 
 Walmart we ordered 3 TVs on your website and hours after being told they would be shipped you canceled our order due to a mistake you made
 CornFedIABoy same type. Sams is owned by Walmart. Costco's its own publicly traded company. Bet  mattyglesias would be as happy at SamsClub
Need Walmart bot for Black Friday steals :/
Today I went to two different Walmart     

Neither one is correct   Lol
If you don't attend Michigan and you are being salty tweeting every second about this loss get over yourself u bandwagon walmart wolverine
Walmart Black Friday: Fashionable Style Cases Covers Skin For Galaxy S4- Black Friday:  
I'm officially never shopping at CVS ever again. It's too dang expensive & you can get everything at Walmart for half the price CVS charges
Walmart vlog: Fort Having fun.: via  YouTube
SENT OUT WALMART UPDATE. USE ON HATCHIMALS IF YOU WANT
FREE  10 Walmart Gift Card or Cash

 just_taybruh I'm gonna do a Walmart run once I figure out wtf I'll make lol
 DaveAmiott Castro was spotted shopping at Walmart with Elvis and Tupac.
happy  SmallBusinessSaturday instead of shopping at Super Wallmart today, make the effort to support your local regular sized Walmart .
Black Friday my ass , Walmart on some bullshit , spent  475 house shit nothing was a sale 😤
For those like me who are looking Walmart In Saginaw still has some… 
New on  Steemit: Walmart now carries hemp seeds! WHAT CHANGED?! 
I made it an entire Gainesville Walmart trip without seeing someone I know. Hell hath frozen over.
 Miyy_Lovee you on your way ? I'm at Walmart .
 valles_renee same every time I go to Walmart here....
If you're looking for a Christmas tree, the Sequim High baseball team is selling them in the lot off Priest Rd across from Walmart. 🎄
Walmart wolverines in full force
 Walmart  LongviewWA I luv the way you handled  blackfridaydeals❤️️Soooo smooth We arrived 5:40 & was out w/tv special & loaded n 🚗 by 6:30😂
i thought i saw liam at walmart but it wasn't 
Smh Walmart wolverines out here cheering for penn state.
 OlgaSAID Not all trashy people. Walmart Wolverines lost and their crybaby coach is to blame thanks to his unsportsmanlike behavior.
My Dad is harder to find in walmart..then Jimmy Hoffa.
Walmart been had y'all beat they got every off brand cereal w/ marshmellows 
Something called forward progress that you dumb ass Walmart Wolverines don't know about the game of football.  SIXYEARSANDMANYMORETOCOME‼️
It's rumored Fidel Castro died of a broken heart when he heard Walmart was sold out of Hatchimals.  BlackFriday2016  NeverForget
Just so you know, Walmart is still having a deal on  Kleenex tissues if your interested?
 riger1984 FU, Walmart. In spite of our mistakes, we would have won if they measured that last down. Go follow State.
 LOCFoundation We're sorry to hear that! Please visit so we can help. -KM
New Nintendo 3DS Super Mario White Edition -  99.99 + FREE Shipping - Walmart Online Preorder SHIPS DEC 15th… 
Me: I'M GOING TO GET THE NEW 3DS FOR  100 AAAA I JUST NEED TO HIT PRE-ORDER AND I'LL GET IT 
Walmart: 
Spending  100 💵 at Walmart or another retail or department store during the holidays 🎁 won't make a difference to... 
Walmart has launched its Cyber Week Deals sale. 
 taslimanasreen you are very stupid for a physician. Did you buy your degree at Walmart?
 kcar1320 walmart wolverine 😉
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Yreka, CA 
 Mo_SeahawkFan yes! I almost ordered Amaiyas Barbie dream house then decided I'm gonna get it at Walmart lol
 illMehzi Ight I just moved so now I'm farther from Walmart 😂
a whole group of bitches startling at me in walmart like? your girls hairline is in the middle of her forehead. be mindful bitch
 Walmart Other than the color/design why is the price so much different? The specs are the same. Gender supply & de… 
Walmart and Best Buy count as small businesses, right?  SmallBusinessSaturday
Doug McMillon Discusses Walmart’s Investments in Pe...  CyberSecurity  FierceRipper  Tech 
Walmart Cyber Monday Deals Beat Amazon's Cyber Deals  Facebook  android  app go to 
Man I hate walmart fans, but poor officiating sucks for the sake of a game that big
 Kids  Toy Mattel DC Multiverse Suicide Squad Walmart Excl. "Diablo" Action  Figure In Box  Toys  Kid
I liked a  YouTube video from  jldmorris Black Friday Fight 2014 COMPILATION: Walmart + Tesco MADNESS,
 car0l_car0l_ it seems to have been going in n out of stock pretty much all the time this weekend on links like this 
Now for the truly scary part... have to go to Walmart!!! 
Nothing like throwing up   Walmart too start the night 😊
 Ju973_ I'm boutta head to Walmart then Ima scoop u
i refuse to entertain slander from a walmart wolverine, idgaf if msu was 0-12.
ICYMI: A domestic altercation got out of hand at a San Antonio Walmart on Black Friday. 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in San Antonio, TX 
We're shopping at Walmart right? And I grab this poster if this sports illustrated model. Then ROYCE grabs one for his room. I'm screaming.
 Retweet  Specials  Wood Storage Bench 
⒍ Black Friday
⒎ The Weeknd
⒏ Walmart
⒐  PuertoRico
⒑ Mayagüez

2016/11/26 17:17 AST  trndnl 
Chocolate chip cookies from a  BettyCrocker mix!!!  Walmart  BakeWithBetty  GetYourBettyOn  HolidaysWithBetty  ad… 
I'm wiping out the AK right here in Walmart  OMGItsBirdman 😂 
Walmart be playing 😒 
Walmart Cyber Week Deals Are Now Live! -  couponers  couponing  couponingcommunity
And just like that, every Walmart in the state started stocking up on Broncos gear...
 Walmart you mean in addition of the online form I filled out and the three other separate times I sent a DM about it? I've given up. 😝
Ich mag das  YouTube-Video von  toptrendscom: The WORST Black Friday Shopping DISASTERS and FIGHTS (Walmart
my brother and grandfather go to walmart and come back with a playstation 4
Took my mom to Walmart in my car today, and she filled up my tank ⛽️  blessed 🙏🏼😎
 Retweet  Specials  Photo T Shirt Adult XL 
 lionsFan886 the Southern  version of that is alabama.  Walmart fans
I need to go get us some food, go to Wells Fargo, & Walmart 😩 but I don't feel like it.
Sounds like . TommyHilfiger is shooting for the stars and hugely untapped market of customers. Find him soon at you… 
Smh all these salty Walmart fans...at least the team I cheer for is the school that will give me my degree
The mall was a bad idea.  Gunna eat and then I have to stop at Walmart.
 NASGWILL walmart
 J_Eschedor We're sorry to hear that! Could you tell us what happened so we can help? -Carole
 nogoodcharles no bro at the iPhone level they getting nothing but a 10  Walmart gift card
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
Save big at  Walmart on  Oreo with this deal! >>>  snackandsave... by  aothitis via  c0nvey
today was cool and also not cool jolly and i went to a pottery class got in traffic on the way there then went to walmart and saw we could
that lady who wax eyebrows in walmart on bullard be having my eyebrows fleeking 😍😍
 ChrisClarke203 Yo man! Just picked these up from Walmart.  LiketoTasteitHereitGo 
*every walmart wolverine tweets about how bad the refs were*
Does anybody actually buy the cartoon pajamas at Walmart or are they just there for taking pictures?
Man I walked right out Walmart and forgot all about my eos 🙄
When you see  hannahslyfox and  andrewslyfox on a commercial in Walmart!!!!
Is there a Walmart and Target close by to each other?
For all my "WalMart Michigan Fan" friends, that spot was pretty good.  OSUvsMichigan
 GrimsToyShow You should head to Walmart I found All of Series 65 For 7.44
I'm in one of those moods where I feel the need to buy stuff at Walmart to make myself feel better
 ariesg0ddess Home Depot or Walmart?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Eagle Pass, TX 
I look like a crazy person because I have the biggest smile on my face because I'm at Walmart for the first time in months 😂😂😂
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
 tatyaills the dog ones at walmart yuuuh
 Walmart Thanks.  How much will it cost during the Christmas sale
 collin_scott15  KowalczykNick  TylerLauer23 you don't go go Michigan, who in your family does? 
 walmart
 LonelyGoomba not fucking around my grandma got this at walmart, she was pissed. also William shatner voices the cat and he does a shit job
Especially if you're paying for that whack ass Walmart bleach and trying to be a hairstylist in ur bathroom.
. Walmart w/ tech support, located acct & regained access (changed password). Luckily lost only  0.30, unfathomable total customer losses
 xbabyd0llx3x We apologize. Can you tell us more details about your complaint, so that we can look into it further? -Ginna
 PRT  Specials  South Shore Spark Full 54 Bookcase Headboard Multiple 
 tmadden2252 Michigan got ROBBED by MAFIA like oomf   Walmart
overheard at walmart: "she can't hold onto a man but she can hold onto a sandwich"
 meaganvan they are behind the McDonald's by Walmart!!!!
GE 60W Equivalent CFL Light Bulb 2-Pack for  2 + pickup at Walmart 
Now what next Walmart out pocket  binnybansal  _sachinbansal  flipkart 
Ayo, they got a Walmart inside of the mall in Manassas. Who allowed this to happen??
 NerdyNerak I saw that game last night when I was at Walmart
Zaedyn saw this toy   Walmart couple aisles down from us, little does he know we got it for him for Christmas 🙃😉
In Walmart wildin not even here to by nothing just to wild 
Bitches at Walmart always wanna argue with the cashier like they know the policy better than them
Towel madness - Walmart shoppers fall into chaos on Black Friday: via  YouTube
Looks like Battlefield 1 and Titanfall 2  sold the best on Xbox and PS4 this black Friday at my local target and walmart
I honestly think it is from walmart... 
i found top loaders at walmart lol
Lmaooo I just seen indigo uglyass coming outta Walmart
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <P8[f> 
Fell in Luv in the Walmart Christmas lights aisle....she caught my eye ✨👁✨
I liked a  YouTube video Cheap Vegan Food At Walmart (Canadian)
Complete Doom Patrol by Grant Morrison for  90. 1200 pages! We beat Walmart's price! Message destinycitycomics gmai… 
Because Walmart that's why 
I hate Walmart. I really hope these 4 1/2 hours fly by 🙄
Come to Walmart and donate a Toy! It's for the kids when they need it the most!! 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 290 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 11/26/2016 4:13:25 PM
Kaitlyn the calm orange bear from Walmart,
 alyssadavis1018  courtney_luv99 also two workers at Sephora and one at Walmart said they liked my makeup and that made me happy
Why can't we just be honest and call "Small Business Saturday" what it really is?
"Fuck You WalMart Day".
steals cookies from walmart
kbye
 PMS8Paulo  majornelson  Battlefield  Walmart Already done it! Microsoft can contact Activision for this.
Hating the new Walmart commercial ! Makes me want to give up TV screachingkids
Just got out of work, what happened? Ohio trailer parks burnin down or the U of M fans goin to burn down their local Walmart?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Overland Park, KS 
SHE GON STEAL FROM YOU JUST LIKE SHE DID US AND WALMART
This lady always get my eyebrows right in Walmart on the threading tip 😩
 tqmitch  plasmagsa  Blacktig4life  Gaming_Forever1 My research shows Xbox wins Walmart Cosco Target PS4 wins Bestbuy, Amazon, and Gamestop.
Lol this little kid at Walmart just looked at my scooter and said, look mom she's driving a stroller!
If this ain't the most unorganized Walmart.
 TazIsDead  SnowingPml nO ITS WALMART VS CHANEL
People need not to drive 20 mph in front of Walmart, while looking down at their phone, while blowing stop signs, while almost hitting me.🖕🏻
one of the worst things about living in a really small town is seeing everyone you know at walmart
Just spent  250 in Walmart why did I come here 😰
 captainabmerica We are dedicated to ensuring live fish are treated humanely. Please share details here: -KM
My baby brother is the best! I can live out my childhood games right on my phone since Walmart and all other... 
 _JuneThird he has a Walmart shirt on lmao
If ur bored and have nothing to do check us out jorge and I decided to take on Black Thursday at WALMART :) 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Chicago, IL 
A little perspective - that's equivalent to roughly 60 hrs of sales at Walmart.  Walmart 
Business at Walmart i, going to b| slow t qorrow. :(
oomf working hard in walmart right now 😂😂
I am in a Walmart. Help
 AlexanderjDevin lol you walmart buckeye fan from Florida 😂😂 only won because of those refs. They had one penalty. One. Penalty.
This guy just came up and asked if Walmart had plexiglass. Nigga I don't work here 😂😂😂
All of you walmart wolverines can go home now
Good Samaritan killed in deadly Walmart in San Antonio shooting identified 
Walmart had shiny pillows so I 
When they play every  PTXofficial Christmas song ever while Christmas shopping at Walmart
 Walmart but you're "seperate entities" so you only lost  27? Not really sure how you're counting Ati
 Walmart  LOCFoundation supplies 4  youthboxingcamp orderd online r being canceled.  need help 2 process.  campison,
Lmao never fails..Walmart wolverines blaming the refs 😂😂
 Connor_Deruchia I gotta find a way to walmart to get a case
I hope none of the Walmart bed bugs get on any of my belongings‼️
Walmart was playing Hold On by Wilson Phillips when I walked in. Had to run to the bathroom for a quick cum !
 Walmart lol, nice generic bs response.
If u sell a product on your webpage. & That product is shown as sold in stores, u should match price
Do you love baking w. your kids? Pick up some of these>>   parents  ad  MayflowerBetty
 Walmart so i bought a game frm a store location and it didnt work i didnt get an exchange or refund.and also had a poor customer relation👎🏾
Feed Nova Scotia tries to access more food wasted at grocery stores.

so close to walking out of walmart 😔
Back to walmart you go!
Men loveeeee to talk about women's fashion that they don't like but stay saggin their pants to show off their Walmart brand boxers
So I was at Walmart just looking around when I stumbled across this and had to buy it ...awesome 
 Walmart love your new store in winter garden  110 only wish it opened in the area sooner! ❤️
You know you're hot when a greeter at Walmart says have a VERY good day
Someone please blow Walmart up🙃 It'll be very much appreciated
All the Walmart wolverines are so sad ☹️️☹️️☹️️
 _MandieLand_ crying is a part of loss. I lost it 1day at Walmart because I was reminded of my mom. It happens and don't feel bad about it.
It's a fifth of rum for breakfast and your shootin' up at lunch
all coked up in a walmart screamin' I don't give a fuck
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  CricketRewards Download today!  
Hate walmart 😂😂😂 dude ran up on me just to tell me I was cute...if you don't move 😭💀
 Walmart bought my games  redbox and  amazon for  4 more total so you only lost the  52 dollars I would have spent at your store
 Shoboykin or his nasty ass was to lazy to stop at Walmart for a pack of drawz. Nasty mufucka
writing an 1,000 word essay about why Walmart is a good company has literally been the most annoying assignment I've ever done in highschool
A Walmart employee gave me a pitying look because my parents keep arguing and being difficult. Lol 😅🙇🏻‍♀️🌚
It's not too late to return those U of M t-shirts you bought half off at Walmart yesterday
💀💀😂💀😂😂💀💀😂😂 *starts selling swiffer jets outside walmart* 
 gracie_grady yeah, because I totally shop at Walmart. Smh.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Ft Wright, KY 
 kleintrevor You can learn about our price match policy by visiting: -KM
I love when I am forced to go to Walmart looking like trash. 😂😅
Bout to go to Walmart
When you're Walmart, and he's K-Mart 
 J_babyfresh it is at Walmart.
Walmart protests vanish as union pulls back - Washington Examiner (blog) 
It's Small Business Saturday, so I avoided going to Super Walmart today and did all my shopping at regular Walmart instead.
I need to go to target or walmart😩😩😩 i need stuff for my room
Currently waiting for all the walmart buckeyes to post on social media about the win. Smh you're a fan for one game out of the year
Folks, I've just been informed that Walmart stocks Trotsky in sporting goods
you know it's a ghetto walmart when you see 3 people w rollers in they hair
Remember guys, scUM has never lost a game. Bring on the big blue excuse train.  walmart  scUM  harblow
These Walmart Wolverines are angry 😭
Just left Saginaw Walmart seeing some of the baddest moms 😍👅
Finna start coming to Walmart more often 😂
Dear everyone at Walmart, GO HOME. TAKE YOUR ATTITUDES WITH YOU
The self-checkout lane at Walmart is my nemesis. IT IS IN THE BoeingG YOU STUPID-ASS PIECE OF USELESS SHIT! CHECK THE SCALE'S WEIGHT, TOUCHHOLE!
 LeTricolore82 nothing wrong with it at all, just an interesting mix of people that you can run into at Walmart
Our Supreme Leader  realDonaldTrump is just like all you  Walmart workers out there!  Trumplandia  blackfriday  MAGA 
i love the sweet sweet sound of whiny walmart wolverines
Stealing is bad but when people steal from Sephora is makes me so angry like if you can't afford it then go to Walmart or other drug stores
Can't believe the Walmart by my house doesn't have any leftist literature
Walmart Wolverines can bitch all they want about the spot but it should have never gone to OT to begin with. Two missed FG's were gifted.
 Reaperbeagle  FoxNews Ok maybe not Walmart
U love  walmart.  Get rebates when you shop there from ebates.  ebates promo code 
I think Harbaugh needs new kakis from  walmart now. Luckily there are a lot in the area.  buckeyes
Ninja Kitchen System Just  129! Was  164! via Dian's Daily Deals - **  Ninja Kitchen System Just ... 
 Walmart Your fish tanks leave something to be desired, like live fish 
 lukevstafford Walmart wolverine?
 trailsofmercy WALMART
Walmart with the fam. 😹😹😹  meoww 
Today only: Magformers 62-pc. Set only  38.75 (was  119.99) via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
yes, it is me rolling around the giant ass tent in Walmart
I love walmart so next 
 YourManMurf  TStott24 your Walmart connection lagged you out 😂
I officially  Hate  Walmart. Cashier screwed me over and there's no way to fix it. Thanks so much 👿
The walmart is even pretty 😂
 MyRdelrymple Please contact us using the "Contact Us" link at and let us know more about your experience. -KM
I just learned that if you accidentally type "it still takes you to walmart's site so that's pretty neat
Didn't know that my local Walmart had kimchi in the fresh produce area..like what the fuck ;-;
Just went to the toy section in Walmart almost turnt back into a kid ..had to catch myself tho 😂
 NintendoAmerica why is Walmart advertising the Retro system online for  250
the babysitters brother doesn't have cable so he just watched the game at Walmart 😂😂😂😂😂
 Walmart Not buying an item for  5 cheaper when I have to wait in line for literally hours.
walmart wolverines in full force rn
Walmart Canada Cyber Monday Flyer Deals Sale 2016 
 HackChief Those prices are set by some of our Marketplace sellers. Learn more by visiting -Ginna
All Ohio fans meet me at Walmart parking lot rn
 nowdave25 Walmart Wolverine Nation get them Twitter fingers ready
 BreakingNews Harbaugh just shit in his Walmart khakis
Talked to my future wife in Walmart today
They had a real good sale on little boys pj's and socks at Walmart. Racked up 👕👖👣
Prorrogamos a Black Friday no 
excited to see walmart wolverines go crazy on twitter 😂
 PetoskeyMatt Walmart
 Walmart Out of stock within minutes for hot items. Not even price matching  amazon
someone sent in 20 nude pictures to the Walmart Photo Center :')
 robstiles1 yes. Heading to Walmart
 Mooch1978  majornelson  Battlefield  Walmart saw it on newegg but damn it went out so quick
Now we all have to hear all the Walmart wolverines blame the refs....
 Walmart I don't care if you were in the legal clear. Your online component for  blackfriday was terrible.
“Sometimes, you can learn more from criticism than you can from flattery.” –Douglas McMillon, CEO of  Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Nashville, NC 
Fucking Walmart Wolverines 😌😌
They have the packs of 4 at Walmart with different colors, I gotchu ✊🏽 
 Mulliganman160 now you can talk shit to all those Walmart Wolverines my dude.
I liked a  YouTube video from  general_cinema BLACK FRIDAY FIGHT AT WALMART! 2016 GONE WILD! ALMOST DIED!
 Walmart why the fuck is the Nintendo retro  250 on your site when retail is  60 everywhere else
The DeVos family has been among the strongest proponents of “school choice”, along w/ the Kochs & the Waltons (heirs of Walmart fortune). 5/
 BlackOpsXboxOne  majornelson  Battlefield  Walmart Take some of your time and go hear the Backwards Compatibility podcast...
My middle daughter spent her birthday money on a new Razor scooter yesterday at Walmart-- 35.  Today, Amazon has... 
After another  UMichFootball loss to  OhioStateFB ,  Walmart sales expected to plummet across the state, once again this holiday weekend.
Weston needs a Walmart/Target.
Walking into Walmart w/ my mom to buy a fake tree: "Sis, I gotta sit down. I'm just so excited for Christmas, I can't catch my breath"
Walmart's Cyber Monday plans should have Amazon terrified: 
This kitty was found at Walmart by Kim B. She says he has an injured foot but is otherwise well taken care of and... 
I wanna go on a Walmart adventure with my best friend.  kenzyboo4
& then I just seen them in Walmart 😂☺
 MzShaynaMac Please stay tuned for more great deals! What other products are you looking to purchase? -Carole
People at Walmart have to think im crazy. I see the final score and I start screaming... Stoops is easily SEC coach of the year.  BBN
Help me. I'm in the Swedish Walmart.
me, sitting up in the walmart ceiling rafters, dropping Samsung TVs into the raging sea of people below like a king
Just tried to go to Walmart and the power is out like what
LastChanceEbay: Hatchimals Purple Teal Burtle Walmart Exclusive New In Box Rare  ebay  deals  toys  games
 riokuangel Either way! Any money sent through PayPal can used for Walmart orders. Then one of us can pick it up.
 Walmart It all goes in to the Waldens pockets so spar me the BS.
KitchenAid Classic 4.5-Qt Stand Mixer Just  189 PLUS FREE Shipping! Was  249!  Christmas_Deals  Walmart  KitchenAid
Ninja Kitchen System Just  129! Was  164!  Christmas_Deals  Walmart  Ninja
Walmart here got hit 2 times (Shop lifters)
 BCsGirl09 We're sorry you haven't yet received your order. Please contact us at so we can assist you. -Ginna
 lhfang "The Right Leans In" like opening Walmart on black Friday  thenation 
 Walmart  JeanMiller14 I did!
 Walmart, so you'll price match anything but your own website huh?
To all Walmart cashiers, for the 347th time, no thank you, I have my own Credit Card which serves me just fine.  firstworldproblems
Crown Food Carts Products will be Available  walmart and in time for Xmas 
Laying down for now until I get up and go to Walmart. 
 getyourbettyon  walmart this holiday season! >ad   motherhellion
Walmart got them deals stop playin
 Walmart I appreciate your help. According to a live chat specialist they can't order the tires he wants. He'll just go somewhere else.
11 TV DVDs and Box Sets You Should Buy Today  movies  latestmovies  movienews 
Battleship: Star Wars Edition Board Game for  13 + pickup at Walmart - CNET  gaming  deals… 
this is my 3rd time coming to walmart today because we keep running out of lights 😂
 At  Walmart:  Zoë®  Delightful  Duets™  wet  cat  food - Save  0.50 on Any variety.   cashbackoffers  checkout51... 
I will never shop at  Walmart again and I will tell my story from today to everyone I can. The most terrible service I've ever had
✨✔😘😘Defeat The Ghost For Me! 👻 Jennaayyy!👽✴[NH]:Walmart can suck m

Walmart  19 . Mine! 
 StDxCalm  SickStory_ meanwhile, on my Walmart controller...
Wow I really wish I wasn't at Walmart so I could watch the game duuuuude
Panic! At the Walmart ft. OSU v ❌ichigan
I hate that Walmart!! 
Casually wandering around alone at a Walmart in Columbus, send help
For our wedding last year we ran into this BIG problem. Obviously we made it work. But pretty disappointed with wal… 
Victory will be partnering with the Salvation Army and collecting donations at Walmart on Dec 3rd. We are going... 
Check Out This Walmart Black Friday Shopping List With Amazon Price Comparables  Walmart  Amazon  BlackFriday… 
BLACK FRIDAY FIGHT AT WALMART! 2016 GONE WILD! ALMOST DIED!: via  YouTube
You Will Not Believe This Walmart Surveillance Camera Footage 
Indian top e-tailer eyes groceries | Walmart to track fresh produce

'Walmart Black Friday Protest - pg.1' via  Forbes 
You Will Not Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
The squad want me to come back to Walmart
Just got back fm Home Depot and WalMart.  Both were swamped! Felt like vaccination lines, ya Knew it wud hurt at the end! (Or IN the end).
 RNS I Need to go to Walmart and buy some wrapping paper, boxes, and bows...
 NYNatAttack  Walmart yeah that figures. I'm trying to see if they'll actually do something about this but I doubt they will.
Walmart wings <<<< these nipple rings 
 TheLastCanary i know thats why i said he doesn't belong in Walmart squad lol😂😂
I loathe coming to Walmart on a Saturday!!!
 nytimes Trump is killing a beautiful world all because he is a self serving ass. Way to go Rust Belt, Walmart shopping morons. Thanks a lot
 walmart in VA still throwing  fitcrunchbars for  1.58 👍🏼 Cant beat that deal 👉🏼Favorite flavor… 
 Walmart already spoke to them. They cancelled the order and told me I could buy it again at full price.
 Walmart No. They're not.
I hate Walmart wolverines. niggas never stepped foot on anybody campus but be talking like they been in school for years 😂
 MisFirebbox misfirebbox probs went out on Black Friday to her nearest Walmart to buy lost of Chex-it's😀😄
When you get to Walmart 
Hatchimals Purple Teal Burtle Walmart Exclusive New In Box Rare  ebay  deals  toys  games
Just spent  45 on candy in Walmart 
When I'm home I'm at the Herkimer Walmart more than I'm in my own house
 LaKitKat Walmart.. I think 
Who else went to Walmart last night, forgetting it was black Friday?
 AswathDamodaran how many waltons on walmart board and fords on ford?
Went to Walmart with my bf looking for a movie. Left with a frEAKING TV AND NO MOVIE
My roommate has Walmart brand chips
im at walmart
My wife Said "I wear the auburn jersey bc I went to auburn:   You wear that bama jersey because you went to Walmart!"
You realize they sell car batteries at  Walmart right  DanielVining ?
 t_barton17 We're sorry to hear that happened! Please visit  so we can further assist you. -KM
J went to Walmart to buy Christmas socks😅
 _Yellowww found it at WalMart 😂😂😂😂
 TinaRose_ you can get blank DVD's from Walmart or Amazon depending on when you need them. Print on regular paper, ensure photos are hi-res
Walmart 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: How Good Are They? -  news  tech  football 
ok seriously i need walmart to hire me bc i need money for chicon and yoi merch lmao,,,,
You know you're old when you can remember when Walmart's bags were blue. 😂  walmart  throwback  christmastime… 
Walmart is always a damn zoo 😒
The best Black Friday 2016 phone deals at Best Buy, Target, Walmart, and more - The Verge  Technology
Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7″ Tablet 16GB,  179.98 | Walmart 
 BoeingBIP_God bro you tell me and  Walmart
Went to Walmart and got everything besides what I wanted to begin with.
Walmart sucks now because I always see someone I know there
how do i tell oomf that i almost hit her mom at walmart
 robpizzola glad I bought the industrial size bleach bottle at Walmart on Black Friday
 MrTotalPenguin So, do you need to have gotten it from Walmart before or have the receipt?
"Kind stranger killed trying to stop a man from beating his girlfriend in a Walmart parking lot" not surprised by the location one bit
I will buy Jim Harbaugh all the  Walmart pleated khakis in the world if he wins this game
Just great. Battery is dead in the Walmart parking lot. That's strike three for this battery;… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Winnsboro, LA 
FREE  10 Gift Card are STILL AVAILABLE
Choose Target--Macys--WalMart
--►
 kathwaIk walmart 😂
I swear Walmart gives me so much anxiety 😑
Iris forgot her glasses at my cousins house. she doesn't want to pick them up so she asked him to drop them off at the Walmart lost&found 😂
 Walmart Y'all Are Goals This Year 10/10 
this is why i dont come to walmart
 SounderCracker5 You can find Dishonored 2 for the Xbox One here: We hope this helps! -Ginna
 Jesse_Arreola inspired by Walmart
Star Wars 3.75 Black Series Han Solo-Leia-Captain Phasma Force Awakens Walmart 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 294 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 11/26/2016 3:53:55 PM
 BaileyGraham_ walmart
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Pharmacy, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
Honestly I don't get the hype about wearing brand name jeans. I bought two pairs at Walmart for  11 each and I wear them all the time
If you ordered a Xbox from Walmart, be warned that they are shipping them with no signature required for delivery. Absolutely ridiculous
 WesCampbellXXX were you at walmart I think I see the yellow thingie
Spending small business Saturday at Tops and Walmart because fuck you I'm poor
 abdielfenty like inspired by Walmart? Or like products only from Walmart?
Union Bashing Walmart.... 
Hope bae won't be tired when he get off cause I want to go to Walmart tonight.😊
 Jesse_Arreola do a Walmart look
Quick trip to Walmart looking like a straight BUM😭😤
*Sees bedroom shoes in Walmart for  9.98*
Me: I need y'all to "Roll back" a lil but more, Walmart.
Me: Man I'm cheap.
 DangerMcClain Buckeye. Just Buckeye. It's the equivalent of a Walmart Wolverine.
 thejessjohnston there was only one at Walmart 🙄 I just got her a regular Barbie. I might go look at target.
top row of bestsellers  weight  loss &  diet the healing powers of vinegar
 gift basket, vi… 
 SaiDkHaLiD97 Walmart
gucci vs walmart 
I should've went to the store instead. My sister said there wasn't a lot of people at Walmart.
Cincinnati airport is like Walmart because I'm a solid 10 here
I hate going to Walmart with my mom... She will stare at one item for 30 minutes
 kristen_steyer I know right! There was 5 people in the Walmart  parking lot that wanted pictures with it.. 😂😂
ATTI:  ML09Purple 294 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 11/26/2016 3:51:38 PM
Ok Walmart shoppers, do you have the stones to go for 2??  UMvsOSU  MICHvsOSU
. pfeifer_jeff Do they have an equivalent of Walmart Wolverine? Bed Bath and Beyond Buckeye?
If your kid is acting out at Walmart, tell him that the security cameras go straight to the North Pole.   policestate
 princesslexci & gotta settle to get the stuff we needed from Walmart cause now we on a budget. 
Went to Walmart in a cheetah print onesie🙃
Looks like Walmart.ca will be having a  30 off sale on video game pre-orders on Cyber Monday.… 
Mutants of the universe unite at  WalMart
 MrTotalPenguin I had no idea you could trade in games at Walmart. Wow.
 alexandriuhhh what kind of printer did you get? I got the  19 one from Walmart that they had for Black Friday.
not even boutta hold you , walmart 
If you ordered a Xbox from  Walmart, be warned that they are shipping them with no signature required for delivery. Absolutely ridiculous
 Ge_offrey you need to send that into people of Walmart
nothing quite like the dewey ave Walmart
Are You Flippin serious. U.S. Footage:  Funny Black Friday 2015 walmart, Best buy 2015-2016 via  YouTube
 Walmart I've filled out the form at corporate site in the past & situation still continues. Its 2 bad because I enjoy the store otherwise.
Whoever made it out of Walmart with a TV was part of the  SurvivorSeries  BlackFridayWeekend
 SophieTurntits of course she doesn't Ellen is Chanel and Sophie is Walmart
 woahitsdelaney I looked at target and then at Walmart just to see and nobody had it 😭
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <AqiW> 
awh my dad just helped this guy that had a sign "Need gas..". in Walmart parking lot..
 maisonvieblog  Walmart  t_barton17  ojcommerce wouldn't we all appreciate that if you could just fix this and give us the items we ordered
My mama taking foreverrrrr in Walmart. 🙄 I gotta go decorate these ppl house before they leave
I'm over here, riding dirty on this Walmart cart
Walmart not gone let me be able to carry a 2nd job but I'm thinking bout trying 🤔
A big heap of mangled skin and bones. I WENT TO WALMART EXCLUSIVELY TO BUY A FRISBEE AND LEFT WITH …
 YourAnonNews  PhilMcGroin2112 "buying local" is not financially feasible for the majority of Americans. So, Kroger and Walmart etc..
 creativitybooster: Submit catchy the content unlock at Walmart. TOP 10 ideas:  growthhacking  marketing
 itsabigailpaige Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
There's an older  couple in Walmart and the man is pushing the lady around in one of those kids cart things.
 Walmart my order wasnt shipped so how I will track it.
 akaStylss  Walmart only spent  19.06
 Crislex You can track your order by visiting -KM
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <2g]H> 
All I want is burlap garland without going to Walmart but apparently that's a lot to ask
Went to  Walmart & spent less than  20 for once 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
I'm at  Walmart in North Brunswick, NJ 
Low key, I see why employees be walking around mad at the world at Walmart
 maisonvieblog the order number on the email  ojcommerce sent me doesn't match my order number on myaccount on  Walmart website
 Walmart how about you just send me the tv that I ordered for YOUR website.
 walmart Please fix this for us.  t_barton17  seachel22   ojcommerce
Morning, noon or night, these Sticky Pecan Mini-Buns are a delight!  ad   recip... by  MommyMusings via  c0nvey
Right now Urban Myers' JC Penny slacks has an advantage over Jim Harbaugh's Walmart khakis!
Anybody else want a job at Walmart ? They only hiring cashiers though..
Multiple Huawei Watch models are up to  200 off on Amazon, B&H, Best Buy, and Walmart 
Walmart ain't so bad lol. I was dreading this but it's cool. Everybody real laid back.
They say "take to Walmart " end up driving to AP also!! 😑  wtf
 seachel22 We're sorry to hear that happened! Please visit so we can further assist you. -KM
Do you call Walmart... "Wally World" ???  smh4927
my family: drives to a Walmart an hour away for a baby doll
When you're leaving Walmart and entering a concert 
Walmart is the most disgusting place ever
The amount of the same AC-DC album that Walmart holds.... 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Midlothian, TX w/  ashangel02 
 JonaexVictoria  250   walmart
 LadyDrawingl True, but at least I know where I'll be sleeping this upcoming year? 
 Walmart I ordered a tv yesterday that said I could pickup today and it is still processing when it's sitting on the shelf at my Walmart
 icaseystorj  callenps  purple_moron  Thedogisbrown probably like Barnes and noble or even walmart or target should have it! Library
You know life is good when you buy a Talladega Nights, Step Brothers, and The Other Guys 3-Movie Pack for  4.23 at Walmart
Walmart 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: How Good Are They?: Walmart Cyber Monday 2016 deals are out,…  trending  news
Why Walmart got these old people that don't know how to price match or use Walmart pay smh
Walmart 3DS Second Batch Question  NES 
I swear Champion used to be sold at Walmart and Costco, say word it's a high fashion ting now
 RoCMH We're so glad that your little one had so much fun! We hope you had a lovely Thanksgiving. -Ginna
 ZT1967 We're sorry those items sold out fast. We still have a lot of other great deals and hope you can find something you like. -Carole
Walmart got some heat 🔥 
. epical_us  Win a  250  Walmart gift card.  Sweepstakes 
Sneaky Pussy Flash In Walmart Garden Section 
Thank you  Walmart for my Teach Tote  WalmartTeachTote  brandshareus
s/o to whoever stole my bank account info & tried making me pay for 505  worth of stuff at Walmart in Wichita Falls :-) i'm broke  declined
 Walmart when yall shipping my Nintendo 3DS?
I forget how Walmart attracts certain people and things... 
I would neverrrrr go to Walmart on Black Friday... y'all wild
i have 5 outfits laid across my bed , trying to figure out what to wear to walmart.
 StraightTalk  LG X Style Available At  Walmart for  19.88 
Midway Walmart is so toxic
 oohlindseyrene Oh no! We're sorry to hear that. Can you let us know what happened? -KM
Nobody in this walmart parking lot minds. I sure don't
Idk why everyone in Walmart has to smell like shit
 titosjames i love the walmart version of skins
 Walmart It was legit just a like, Linux Mint non-graphical release apparently.
there was this white woman working at walmart just now and they check the receipts so there was this hispanic man in front of us and she was
we looped around the Walmart parking lot for this, I love my mom 
 bagofcats1 they will be nice. Are you referring to the older homes by Walmart or the newer developments?
I gave  ItsFreeAtLast a +K on Walmart. 
Currently in walmart trying to buy toys to donate for Christmas. I didn't think it would be this hard 😭
New shampoo at Walmart. It'll kick your ass. 
 Walmart my savings catcher  was hacked you let someone else cash in my  116 i keep getting the run around   Walmartsnotsafe
Working a Walmart during Black Friday <
WalMart Adventures 2 reUp  liveme D🅰NK👽✴[NH]🍚:

needa go to walmart but ion wanna spend no money 🙄
 Walmart I don't want a refund, I want my tv that I ordered. 😡😡
 seachel22  maisonvieblog  Walmart  ojcommerce I got an email saying my order was cancelled and there was no explanation as to why
Battle of the Walmart teams goes to overtime
Watch y'all louisville lose the Walmart bowl or where ever they going
at walmart like  walmart  bagfee 
chantix cost at walmart & chantix starter pack & chantix side effects & chantix coupons 
Walmart winnin rn 
Dont ask me what team im going for i hate college teams and college hoodies niggaz wear from walmart
 2AFight "[ Salinas+ Romney( MoronMafia)+ Bush+ Walton( WalMart)= 2Billion per week for  Drugs
Brian: (talking to a girl at Walmart)
Me: are you cheating (on earbuds)  Brianeezzy
GE 60W Equivalent CFL Light Bulb 2-Pack for  2 + pickup at Walmart - 
I liked a  YouTube video from  nemolilgtv 48 HOUR OVERNIGHT TOILET PAPER FORT IN WALMART! INSANE FORT AND GOT
 Walmart Whenever I go to that store and encounter this person they continue to treat me, and others like crap.
I slipped and fell walking into Walmart
 DjRhated_R I saw one at Walmart but it wasn’t in my size. I’ll check Target.
 SnowWhite_Lines Walmart is filled with mutants and the Mall is a battlefield sooo...,yeah I agree.
 samanthagiron6 ima cry in the middle of walmart rn if u dont reply
SAMSUNG 50″ 6300 Series – 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV – 2160p, 120MR,  398 | Walmart 
 Walmart Sorry, Donald Trump hacked my account with Hillary Clinton's "secure" email server.
Your favorite Walmart associate 😁. 
 umkatelynn walmart!
a Walmart worker thought Billy was my son lmfao
BoeingCK IN STOCK!! Free Walmart Welcome Baby Box!! - 
I'm never eating chicken again. Thank you Walmart!
Too many people in Walmart. Abort mission abort mission.
 Vince_Carlito We're sorry to hear about your experience at our store. Let us know more by visiting -KM
Shopping Black Friday For That Perfect Cozy Wrap via  southern_family
I then seen so many people get caught stealing outta Walmart it's crazy
Carina 1 Carat T.W. Round Diamond 14kt Gold Stud Earrings -  299.99: Walmart offers Carina 1 Carat T.W. Round… 
So Walmart has adult sized hooded blankets. Brb as I transform into a cow 😎😍
What Up My Witches!!!
yes i know it's christmas season now :) but this was too cute!!
 witches  halloween  dog 
Round 2 tonight meet up at Walmart 😛🤘🏽 
 youngtravo im crying! stay ya ass outta walmart 😭😭😭
Walmart is an interesting place, a solid mix of Trump supporters and randomly hot women.
 TheeBearKing1 We're sorry to hear that! Could you share a few more details so we can help? -KM
Simply Dog Halloween Costume What Up My Witches Purple Ruffle Dress XS Walmart  via  eBay  witches  dog  halloween
Walmart Cyber Monday Sneak Peek Flyer! 
do i have amnesia or is this a walmart ethan 
 ItsDeltaElite Game at Walmart
Walmart protests vanish as union pulls back - Washington Examiner  Unions can't take down  Walmart 
i'm at walmart 
 kaideejay Please let us know if we can be of further assistance to you. Have a wonderful day! -Ginna
Cyber Monday 2016 Walmart Deals And Specials: 4K TV, Laptops, Smartphones, Tablets, Video Games And More… 
I'm in Walmart with three boys and we are taking forever because they want to fuck with everything.
Walmart got me fucked up rn with these long ass lines and only 2 cashiers
Officer needed at Walmart for a young girl left unattended in a van.  +
Hey  walmart THANKS for screwing me out of my black friday order. REAL cool of you guys
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cincinnati, OH 
Fuck all y'all dreamland eatin northport double wide livin rascal scootin walmart layaway cousin forgot her Plan B face ass motherfuckers
I'm stuck in Walmart cuz they mischarged me but we kicked the field goal so it's all good
I walk into Walmart and back out with this one simple trick.
A customer just asked if we have cash back.. wtf lol this isn't walmart
Polyamorous Yiffers from Walmart
hey guys i die at the bar then i being silly at walmart sorry if i say bad word bye
 mollipop_cb there are people who go crazy & don't need it/have money, but the "walmart stampede" people are generally pretty low-income
Walmart wolverines shaking in their meijer brand UofM beanies 😹😹
 CeeDoubleU123 I knoooowww!😭😭 I kept hoping to see you while I was at Walmart!
[Walmart] Soundbar JBL SB150 2.1 Canais 150W Bluetooth com Subwoofer - R  899,00 em 8x  Walmart_BR  ofertas
 Walmart There is a very rude/abrasive overnight stocker usually in toys at store  2658 named Julie. Talked to mgmt, but they do nothing.
Moms Flashing at Walmart!..
 by  KenndaIlJenner via  c0nvey

Grab the DVD!! 
 JeanMiller14 Thank you for shopping with us today! Did you find everything on your list? -Ginna
 Walmart should've ordered from  amazon
✨✔😘😘Defeat The Ghost For Me! 👻 Jennaayyy!👽✴[NH]:Walmart WiFi... 

They're playing run away with me in walmart and my gay ass is ready to go off
 BobbyJaniec Yes he should be able to order at the store. Have your father speak to customer service at the store. -KM
Skooly was at Walmart somn told me to go to the store
Gonna go to Walmart and get drunk because I can now.
😂😭   Walmart Supercenter Newport News - Jefferson Ave 
Mason left his ring were Leila could get it. & now its no where to be found. He's getting a Walmart one this time 😐😐 Damn Kay's expensive af
i was skating inside of walmart and crashed into one of the shelves and toys fell all over me i looked so cool
If u want that distressed look without payin the big bucks, dye your hair in a cheap Walmart shirt 
 walmart thanks 4 screwing me out of my black friday order. website said  tvs left, allowed me to order it. Then canceled it,  out of stock?
 pzriddle  Caroluna1010 actually it was easier than that!  Walmart !!!  postcardavalanche
 troutbro04 We're sorry to hear that! Please visit so we can help. -KM
 wints_22  Neenkin There's also a 50 inch for 400 from walmart but they are sold out online you'd have to check in store pickup availability
PSA: Motorized carts at Menard's are way faster than the ones at Walmart.
 MoveGetOutTheWay
 likeafires yes like a Walmart a few blocks away from me, I was shook
JT Barrett is the Walmart version of Freshman/Sophomore year Braxton Miller
 wints_22  Neenkin 40 inch for 300  (Samsung is the BEST brand by far) 
 murryykk Thanks for reaching out to us. Please contact us at so that we can assist you with your order. -Ginna
 WilliamRodgers  MathewsJeanne "[ Salinas+ Romney( MoronMafia)+ Bush+ Walton( WalMart)= 2Billion per week for  Drugs
Coming to Walmart on my lunch break was a bad idea. I'm late than a MF...
 HolyDalek  Walmart wow i love doc but that is rip off you know wally world made in china for 30 cents and pay bbc 4 bucks
 Walmart Two killed in Black Friday shopping violence. Read more:  Walmart
NALLELY FOUND A VOCALOID POSTER AT WALMART I NEED IT IM LAUGHING
My mom needs to stop at walmart on the way home bc she can't find her suction cups
Never ordering from  Walmart again
 viviann_celeste From now on, I will stand on top of Walmart in a Batsuit anytime you go, ready to pounce.
 SamanthaSilver0  DrJillStein you idiots had no problem with money in politics or are you jealous of a billionaire while you work at walmart
I Fr miss working at Walmart 😪😪
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Milford, DE 
Went to Walmart
berry and fin yelled at me because there was lettuce in the walmart parking lot and i picked it up and ate it
 MasonJohnson198  CloydRivers if we went to walmart that's probably what you would have seen 😂
SAPD: Good Samaritan fatally shot outside Northwest Side Walmart - 
My mom fled a war-torn country Kite Runner style with a baby and I can't even make it through Walmart with mine.   onlineshoppingonly
11- vevo presents demi lovato - live in london 2013
12- walmart soundcheck 2013
13- new years eve concert in niagara falls 2013
 Walmart you can't just tell me if an in store employee can order the tires my dad wants? It's not an online order issue.
 DaveJayP I know...tell it to the unemployed steelworkers, coal miners, oil field workers, Walmart & JCPenny & Sears workers.
 YaBaDaBaDoo2383  ....that's weird, they aren't taxed on the money all year. No wonder they blow money in Walmart like it's free.
New Nintendo 3DS Super Mario White Edition -  99.99 + FREE Shipping - Walmart Online Preorder SHIPS DEC 15th 
Good Samaritan killed in deadly Walmart shooting identified as Isidro Zarate, a father of four.  
Walmart Savings Catcher Program!  Click here-->  
Once our sites grow and build user base we can slowly work in  blockchain applications. 

Walmart doing the same: 
Would your family love these?>>   ForKids  MomTips  Family  ad 
GE 60W Equivalent CFL Light Bulb 2-Pack for  2 + pickup at Walmart Free Shipping

 Coupons

Read more: 
I don't care if it makes me a horrible person. I laughed. Side note:  50K bail???

They falling out of Walmart with them 60" 4k Vizios 😂😂😂😂😂
...... bath and body works is like the walmart version of Lush
 gbillois Buzz 
 adamevers Lowes and Walmart... seems to be a hot item
I hate Walmart.
 videogamedeals Got one and  Walmart canceled the order. Said they couldn't verify my credit card, which is BS.
 RomanAtwood roman could u mention me in a bid please and could u do a 24 hour livestream on a fort in a shop etc.Walmart please and thank u
It's Walmart coaching day. May the odds be ever in your favor 🙂
Hey  kanebrown Walmart in Tupelo,Ms is gettin ready for ya😉 
 Jefry__Armando Walmart
Walmart returns are about to really hate. I'm sorry I can't get an antenna to work.
SAPD: Good Samaritan fatally shot outside Northwest Side Walmart - 
mySan…… 
 davekiyo  Walmart fuck em keys. They can't be trusted.
Eat it,  SmallBusinessSaturday .... I went to Walmart today. 😂😂😂😂🖕🖕🖕🖕 
My parents and I spend our trips to Walmart making puns out of anything we see
Pretty cool that when old guys retire from jobs as door greeters at Walmart they can come be a part of the Big 10 chain gang.
Bought it all for  1,000
from a guy outside walmart 
"I had a dream...I was doing a drag performance...in Walmart... I got  7 in tips." -  buckley_jacob
So tired from last night Black Friday sales. Relaxing watching Christmas movies! Hitting Walmart later.
 maxwingate_ nothing much , I'm bouta head to Walmart real quick & then back home . Wbu ??
Closer shave? Try  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor &  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  SheSpeaksUp 
 Walmart  WOODTV by the way. That's not even my order  . So I'm expecting my tv.
 yung__zay Walmart for 20 bucks
 Sombath06118 Can we help you find a particular brand today? Let us know if we can be of any assistance. -Ginna
The Walmart in mobile was crazy yesterday 😳😳
Walmart worker died cause of Black Friday. Bullets flying. Fights. Yeah Cyber Monday is where it's at.
if i see brittany in walmart one more time 😂
Walmart's is  20 with tax
 181ms_ Could you please contact us at so we can assist you further? -Carole
 Nice  Toys The Falcon,  CaptainAmerica: Cival War  Marvel Legends, Walmart Exclusive, MIB! 
 Baseball  Cards 2016  Topps WalMart Holiday Baseball Blake Snell Tampa Bay  Rays Rookie  HMW172… 
Might just go to Walmart & buy one of those frozen apple pies.
 Brolyberto walmart has the three pack for just 10 too. I only want kk but that's cheaper than a single. I only want the cards from festival
I hate this Walmart they don't have shit and it's ghetto af.
this old man in Walmart told me Jesus loves me and merry Christmas. I honestly started crying I was so sweet
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Orlando, FL 
. CherokeeSPS students  RingingTheBell for  sgfsalvation today until 8pm  Walmart on Independence.  sgf 
Please don… 
 Walmart well I tried making an order and it didn't let me bc it said it couldn't be shipped to my zip code.
SAPD: Good Samaritan fatally shot outside Northwest Side Walmart -  GN
When you missed out on the  BlackFriday specials at Walmart.  MICHvsOSU 
Leave it to us to lose the car in the Walmart parking lot 😂😂😂
Enter to  win a  100 Walmart Gift Card. Have you entered?  free  sweeps 
When you find that big bear you have always wanted!  40 🐻🐻🐻  Walmart… 
WalMart Adventures 2  liveme D🅰NK👽✴[NH]🍚:

 rebeccafelice1  Walmart nope, look who they are sold and shipped by
 BlissTabitha I remember Geraldo, tears in his eyes during the Louisiana flood say let looters ransack Walmart cuz, they have so little.
Low key humming the John Mayer song playing in walmart right now...
I spent  1,100 yesterday in Walmart, and  250 yesterday in Lowe's. Today I just spent  500 in Walmart again, and now BoeingCK.......AGAIN! 😧😩😭
 Walmart
Why did you cancel my online order?
 News SAPD: Good Samaritan fatally shot outside Northwest Side Walmart - 
 _Primed cause I'm at Walmart lmao
I could go for another nap but I probably should go to Walmart?🤔
 Tinyy_boo  Tay_Mahrieee it was two years ago and the bear was custom made and look way better than the one at Walmart
Would you mind investing this? I want my tv that I ordered from  Walmart .  WOODTV 
I need to go to toys r us and Walmart
Cuz u know our tradition is the  dayafterthanksgiving but our Walmart has a Live Trees coming soon sign outside
Garnier Nutrisse Hair Color Just  4.97 At Walmart! 
someone go to walmart w me later
Just carried on a 10 minute conversation with Shelby Williams at Walmart and she may be one the most kind and caring people I've ever known.
My daughter loves them. They look so fun. She has been making pictures with them all day.   usartsupply… 
Why did I decide to come to Walmart right now too many familiar faces
Debating if I wanna go to walmart and cop me a tv since they still have plenty
Whole Foods is copying Walmart to try and get rid of its 'whole payche  TrumpTransition  PresidentElectTrump  MAGA
New Nintendo 3DS Super Mario White Edition -  99.99 + FREE Shipping - Walmart Online Preorder SHIPS  
📷 Walmart knows what’s real 
Walmart. The day after black Friday. Proving I am either an optimist or an idiot.  didntneedanythingthatbadly  toomanypeople  tooclosetome
U CAN BUY ENGAGEMENT RINGS ON THE WALMART WEBSITE FJDKFNDJDHDHDJ
Which one of you walmart wolverines hooked up osu's kicker on black friday? 😂😂😂
 JohnLegere Plans to give Walmart employees a discount? My fellow managers w/ Verizon/AT&T get a discount for using their phones for work...
tbt to black Friday shopping at Walmart 
 Walmart almost got it right this time...where's the  Trump logo though!? 
Lowes, Home Depot, Walmart 
 xRere1201 I refuse, I'm about to go to Walmart just for chips and ranch 😂😂
 RealJontr0n9 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I liked a  YouTube video Black Friday 2016 Haul | Ulta, Michaels, Old Navy, Target, Walmart & Victorias Secret
 Visa the gift cards sold    Walmart r shit & nvr wrk. Ever. I shld b able 2 simply swipe like any other gc. Wtf? Employers shld nt give!
 MarissaLipinski We're sorry to hear that! Please let us know more by visiting -KM
 josephseno79 Can you tell us more about what is happening, so that we can work to help you? -Ginna
 Walmart my dad needs help ordering tires. He was told in store they can't order them for him. He has no internet access. Is this true?
 gaystupidretard he shops at Walmart
PSA: the Menomonie Walmart is playing Piano Man right now.
The mall and Walmart, 2 places that can annoy me in a fraction of a sec
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dickson City, PA 
I swear I go to fucking Walmart like 6 times a week. Now I understand why my mom would always say "I FUCKING hate Walmart" 🙄
Walmart still aint mail my checks yet brah they prolly blown i quit like dat 😂
 _nayyb . And I Was In Yall Walmart Last Night...Fuck FAMU Too‼️😂💯 
Let me start this Walmart application 🙄
Walmart online where these are from 
If this country has another Civil War it will likely be WalMart Shoppers vs. Target Shoppers.
not fenna fucking play wit walmart.
I received  15 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
 tatemansoo_ every store we go to is walmart like every cereal is corn flake
I kind of regret growing this mushroom on my head. I draw too much attention to myself in Walmart...
I just saw Ortega at Walmart and bounced bc I felt like he would bring up my AP score lmao
Bought a TV from  Walmart woke up today to see my order cancelled - out of stock. TV is still available but now 2x the cost 😒  blackfriday
 DNeamos  chengelis dummy! How can you get targeting when laying a thunderous block. Walmart Wolverine!
soon as I leave Walmart me & bry'son going to sleep 😩
Alka-seltzer heartburn+gas reliefchews tropical punch chewable tablets, 54 count - walmart. com • Relieves acid indigestion, heartburn,  ...
No walmart, i dont want ur 10¢ bags just throw my shit in my cart and have ur associate unload my shit in my car lol
Black Friday Madness: Two People are Killed Outside a Macy’s and a Walmart.. 
Getting ready for Christmas parties? Easy cookie recipes here!  ad  minisdoodles
Planning to travel this Holiday Season? Grab our Cetaphil Baby Trial and Travel Pack! 
I went to the mall today and I honestly don't know which is worse... Walmart or the mall? Ick.
You know you're country when you see somebody you know at the Walmart
Not sure why Walmart is listing retail price of level pack for  25 when it is  30.  LEGODimensions
 maisonvieblog  Walmart  ojcommerce Walmart better give me my tv that I ordered off of THE WALMART WEBSITE. Very angry.
 Wario64 I saw this and thought "Walmart White" is a colour
 colinduthie_  Go into public and shop at Walmart
 NASCARHeat Evolution on sale at  Walmart - perfect Christmas gift! Fun Game!! dmrnascarheat 
Dammit why did I come to walmart. I'm about to buy unecasary shit
▶ Walmart 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: How Good Are They?  Forbes 
me &  MaicynLofton just went to walmart for apples and grapes and got ice cream oh my god
I was incredibly disheartened when I found out Walmart doesn't do holiday pay. I should've called out on thanksgiving...
 MasterrGecko  Walmart what did you do with all your single use bags??
 BluebirdTweet99 We're sorry to hear that! Please visit: so we can help. -KM
The app  Walmart managers don't want workers to have is here. Donate to get WorkIt in the hands of Walmart workers 
My dad just asked the woman at walmart if she picked her own name?!?!?
If you have not bought level packs yet, Walmart is having them 50% right now. Better hurry before they close it down!
:  Walmart  CyberMonday - Walmart Cyber Monday Deals Beat  Amazon’s Cyber Deals 
 Walmart uses  blockchains to monitor food -> Why not a standard database? Integrity? Immutability? Not clear 
So I'm walking into Walmart with this guy and it's like 5 guys, 3 of those 5 were like "pink hair" we kept it moving bt I heard "Keyanna"
 ayedrew We apologize for the delay. Have you been helped yet? -Carole
 Topangaaaaaa thank you I went to Walmart and I forgot the money 😂😂
"Marcus Mariota you shop at walmart"
"the ducks hate make a wish foundation"
It's small business Saturday and my family went to Walmart and Starbucks today
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 290 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 11/26/2016 3:18:01 PM
29  legalshield PLZ DEP.  1M RIGHT AWAY THX R031311807 0053312142  SUE  SETTLEMENT  PAYROLL  Walmart… 
I went to Walmart in my pajamas and my hair messy asf no worries 
Jim Harbaugh gets his khakis from Walmart  MICHvsOSU
 MissMandy126 it's those damn Walmart khakis. They never flatter my ass either
Road one of them Walmart electric chair things on the highway at like 3am 💀😂 + 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
at walmart
"some couples just need to stop reproducing"-  NotSamBrown
I swear I can't be going to Walmart no more😭
 _Billionss I deep condition once a week mixed with a hot oil treatment. You can find it at a drug store or Walmart and target
them white people that get they shoes outta walmart and they pants from the thrift store b rich af and owning 47 business. dont tweak
i just watched a video of a little girl waving to everyone in walmart and they all waved back at her and i'm crying my eyes out
Bullish MACD, Price >20.00, above 21-dMA, Vol>500K:  JBL  PX  MO  HOG  RDS.B  Walmart  NOW  BLL  SYMC  TIF
 CCGI Free Real Time Data Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 6:15:20 PM  AG  S  TSCO  Walmart 
 VCEL Investor Opinions Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 6:15:20 PM  MOS  Walmart  JNK  UMPQ 
 RTNB Investor Opinions Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 6:15:20 PM  EKSO  XME  Walmart  HYG 
Chinese Strikes Hit Walmart, Coca-Cola and Sony Where It Hurts  Walmart 
Top Discount Big Box Brand Walmart nearing the end of its narrowing channel, BIG-MOVE IS COMING  Walmart 
R.H. Dinel Investment Counsel Inc. Has  965,000 Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
First Mercantile Trust Co. Sells 12,505 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Bremer Trust National Association Purchases 253 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Oliver Luxxe Assets LLC Acquires Shares of 26,045 Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Founders Financial Securities LLC Reduces Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
 DE Recent News Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 5:15:30 PM  Walmart  XLF  AMD  TCTZF 
 OMEX Company Info Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 5:15:30 PM  ETE  Walmart  TLT  BSPM 
A little perspective - that's equivalent to roughly 60 hrs of sales at Walmart.  Walmart 
 SIL News Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 3:15:20 PM  SSO  CL  Walmart  EKSO 
 Walmart Two killed in Black Friday shopping violence. Read more:  Walmart
Check out our fresh tickrz Top 50 list.  HPE,  R,  TSN,  BRK.B,  PRU,  Walmart
Web Stock buzz:  PLG  AMZN  Walmart  LCOL  IPCI (02:38 pm)  stocks  finance  stockmarket  StockPicks
 Read my JBP review - following his stock alerts I made  50K !!  BBY  FSLR  Walmart  WNR
Target is copying Walmart and starting Cyber Monday earlier than ever  TGT  Walmart 
Top Stocks to Buy in Retail  FoxBusiness  Walmart  DLTR  AEO 
 Walmart Recent News Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 1:15:21 PM  TVIX  COG  EKSO  S 
 UA Filings Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 1:15:21 PM  Walmart  IYT  VCEL  TVIX 
3  REITs for your Black Friday shopping cart  RealEstate  PLD  AMZN  Walmart  KIM  DCT  DRE  UE
 Trader or  Investor, Which Are You ? > 
 stocks  trade  trading  AMZN  FB  GOOG  Apple  TWTR  Walmart  F  BoeingC  JPM  C  T
 Walmart Top Stocks to Buy in Retail 
If you follow  BLPH Share your opinions here ----> 
 Walmart  IDXX  ZNH  TIF
Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. Has  609,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
 Walmart What not to buy at Target and Walmart 
Advisors Asset Management Inc. Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart's investment in technology appears to be paying off. 70% Black Friday online sales was through mobile.  Walmart
Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Has  580,000 Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Position Cut by Benedict Financial Advisors Inc. 
 FCX Investor Opinions Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 10:15:20 AM  UWTI  RSX  GDX  Walmart 
 ABX Percent Change Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 10:15:20 AM  CRM  PBR  Walmart  NFLX 
 COST revenues have grown faster than  Walmart and  TGT over the past decade  stocks  ValueInvesting  retailers  costco… 
Peak Amazon? It May Begin With A Bang, Not A Whimper  CSCO  FB  Google  NFLX  TGT  Walmart  YHOO  GOOG  AMZN
 Walmart, D

Coiling up here. 
 Walmart Percent Change Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 09:15:20 AM  VCEL  VXX  XLF  AMD 
Real Estate Investing: How to Flip a House as a Real Estate Investor:  realestate  HD  Walmart  SPY  LL  DE
 Walmart  AMZN:

3 Tips for Shopping on Cyber Monday:


The Little Book of Common Sense Investing:  Walmart  P&G  HD  SPY  BRK-A
 X Short Sales Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 08:15:20 AM  Walmart  HYG  AKS  UWTI 
 LDL News Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 08:15:20 AM  AG  ETE  Walmart  VTI 
 NUGT Filings Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 08:15:20 AM  CRK  Walmart  RSX  DRI 
 WLL Opinions Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 08:15:20 AM  IKGH  CLF  O  Walmart 
 UUP News Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 07:15:20 AM  YCS  PHO  Walmart  SDY 
 Walmart  TGT  AMZN  LOW  HD:

‘Guerrilla warfare’ for traditional retailers as small shops muscle in …:


 Walmart Bullish Momentum To Sustain For Wal-Mart by Economics Fanatic 
Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond:  KO  PEP  MCD  Walmart  KSS  LYB  STX WDC
Weekly S&P100  Stocks Performance  TXN  VZ  T  BoeingC  LOW  Walmart  GM  CAT  GD  TGT  DD  COF  SBUX  FB  MO  EXC more  
Weekly Dow  Stocks Trend  DD  Boeing  UTX  CAT  AXP  GE  UNH  JPM  MCD  DIS  IBM  CVX  Apple  GS  MSFT  Walmart  HD  VZ    
Rally in retail  stocks leaves few bargains for investors.  AMZN  BBY  DKS  HD  KSS  M  JWN… 
Real Estate Investing: How to Flip a House as a Real Estate Investor:  realestate  HD  Walmart  SPY… via  RentorSale
 TWLO Stock Forum Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 05:15:20 AM  SVXY  RTNB  Walmart  CRK 
 HTBX Stock Forum Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 04:15:19 AM  CL  NFLX  QLD  Walmart 
 NFLX Company Info Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 04:15:19 AM  GLD  Walmart  OMEX  SDS 
 Walmart Short Sales Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 03:15:19 AM  JAZZ  JNJ  EKSO  BUD 
Value Investing: A Value Investor's Journey Through The Unknown:  SPY  KO  PEP  TGT  Walmart  M  KSS  STX  WDC
Big Day For Retailers: 5 ETFs To Shop For Black Friday  PMR  RTH  XRT  IBUY  FTXD Also  JCP  KSS  TGT  Walmart  Apple 
Wal-Mart loses pay fight with California truck drivers, ordered to pay  54 million via  LABizJournal  Walmart
 Walmart:

Who Will Buy A  133653 Watch At Wal-Mart Stores?:


Want 3 millionaire stock traders watchlists for FREE?  AUPH  COUP  TWTR  WFM  ARIA  GNK  Walmart  JDST  SPY
 Walmart Trending Now 11/25/2016 If you follow Walmart What do you think about it?

Go here: ---->  
