When i dont have my glasses on and someone says hi to me at walmart 😂😂😩sorry if i gave you a glare i was trying to see  blind
My ma got a rotisserie chicken from Walmart that bit was raw asf inside 😷
Walmart 23rd street. Boxers
Everybody talking about Walmart creating jobs but we will literally hire anybody. Anybody...
 Olivia_lenaee sos and now stuck at the walmart gas station so someone come help 😂
in my boxers running around Walmart lol
Was walking out of Walmart and a random old guy fist bumped me. Shoutout to you man. Keep doin you 👊👊
 EpigeaArbutus  MitchRapp334  Stonewall_77  Walmart Not yet, but they are working on it.
I don't have a grocery list, I usually just walk around Walmart and grab what looks appealing
Today was the first day I've been to Walmart in 3 years, and I know why I never went there lol 🙃
"Hey girl, you gotta fat ass" -some Greenville townie at Walmart
Thank you Walmart for finally giving me some morning shifts on the weekends instead of nights 😇
I was using my phone while walking thru the Walmart parking lot and some guy was like "don't forget to look up" okay save it for a FB video
Just heard "Can't Sleep Love" in Walmart and it made my day! Especially hearing Mitchy's solo!
Aggravating ass Walmart customers
Meds (at  Walmart Supercenter in Alvin, TX) 
The stuff you see at Walmart is one of a kind
A foreign military could physically torture me for hours and I wouldn't talk. Take me to Walmart for 15 min and I'll tell them everything
I hateeeeeee going to Walmart but I did promise this meal so let me get this shit and get out of here😒
Right in the middle of the produce aisle, Frosty gets caught picking his nose.  Walmart 
"The working class is being ignored. Our reporters quit and moved to Texarkana to take jobs with Walmart. We haven't heard from them since."
In Walmart 🙄
 Walmart you should work on your customers service  yousuck 
 realDonaldTrump  NBCNews Loews is laying off 1200 people. Walmart laying off hundreds in Tenn.
 assbuttcockles no it's just I imagined someone walking around Walmart and going "ah asparagus" and I'm soBBING
 Win  20 Walmart gc or Paypal  cash  Pawsinlove  pamelamaynard  
Take me back to Christmas Eve and you holding my hand in the mall and Walmart so I didn't get lost.  GlassHippy
Odyssey article idea: "An Open Letter to the wad of gum I scraped off the bottom of my shoe in the Walmart parking lot a few seconds ago"
Need to go to Walmart but I want to go get Chinese takeout too.
 walmart porn site for sunglasses nude pictures of nigerian girls 
I eat Walmart food to shorten my life in a predictable way
So my brother just went running through Walmart telling everyone it was my birthday bc he loves to embarrass me
FYI Walmart has the cutest chokers
 VIII_XIII Walmart
Looking for a great big game recipe? These Buffalo Chicken Salad Boats are great!  Recipe here… 
Someone come to target or Walmart with me 😇😇
I can't fade this Walmart at all
 MitchRapp334  philadper2014  Stonewall_77  Walmart must mean you do not have open carry without a license?
Outstanding Little Boy Serenades Walmart With Jaw-Dropping Hank Williams Mash Up 
Looks like someone had to make a hard decision tonight at the Walmart and Oregon  MichaelNight  Beer  Walmart 
Walmart online 
People watching in Walmart's parking lot ... Now that's what you call entertainment😂
when your mom yells at you for not being a "responsible young adult" bc your rooms dirty but she just forgot you at… 
 AmberRheaK We're sorry you feel this way, Amber! Please share your concerns directly with a store manager. -Kat
 ua55oak  americaspeaks16 You are not upper class with a Walmart champion shirt on, stop lying like your idol, he's not proud of you.
Now get  Walmart to start paying a living wage, so taxpayers aren't supporting them with foodstamps  truestory 
Under Obama Walmart Closed 230... 
Anyone need to go to Walmart tonight bc I need groceries ASAP
Why My Family Got Me In Walmart In Fleece Shorts 😭😹😹😹
I liked a  YouTube video from  minnpam HP Printer Comparison - ENVY vs Home Productivity On sale at WALMART
i was at walmart buying asparagus and couldn't stop thinking about dean cooking steak and asparagus for cas and then i started crying
When Walmart updates their elf section 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
 philadper2014  Stonewall_77  EpigeaArbutus  Walmart There's a sign at ours that says, the UNlicenced possession of handguns not allowed.
Wal-Mart, General Motors reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks | Article [AMP] | Reuters 
Chanel vs Walmart  beyonce 
 Joshinator1989 I did the same.  14.96 at Walmart.
Some guy just winked at me in Walmart. . He looked like 30 😂
"You might cream your jeans but you might also get stabbed"
-me talking to Emily about Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video from  dvalencia55 Tiny lil Haul | Beauty Lish | Sephora | Walmart
Me: "Hey, do you wanna go to Walmart with me?" Braydon: "What's it feel like to be high?" Who tf is this kid? 😂😂
I walked in Walmart with the budget of spending 60 or less on stuff for Kayla for her birthday and walked out... 
 CelebrityChez essentially it's a tent from Walmart in Central Park but - same! 😉😂
Just realized how much WalMart is like ZikZak. Scary thought
I received  5 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
 Walmart found this in a pack of my fruit smiles 😞 
I liked a  YouTube video from  therealrtu Please, PLEASE DO NOT BUY AN NES Classic From Walmart For  500!
*returning cough medicine at Walmart*
Employee: is there a reason you're returning this?
Me: 
Let's go boys, Walmart misadventures 
I liked a  YouTube video Stupid bitch at walmart
BUENA PARK, CA - FOUND DOG
FOUND IN WALMART PARKING LOT - ANIMAL CONTROL WAS CALLED 
I wish I can work at Walmart lol mostly I don't like ours
 realDonaldTrump Yes,  every young person's dream is to work at Walmart
 bklyn4_ I really wasn't, y'all! You can ask the lady at Walmart who made fun of us for buying sparkling grape juice.
Reminiscing after seeing this kid in Walmart with heeles:/
 Walmart k fam
 oliviaaaaaa_c Walmart
Walmart f*cking sucks 
Starting to fucking hate working at Walmart
the healing powers of  vinegar, 2 still in the bestsellers row 4  diet &  weight  loss

I got camo leggings on with pink shoes I look a hot mess going into Walmart
 CM4Sci_ you should buy this


Walmart Employee Stops Elderly Couple From Losing  2,500 To "Grandparents Scam" via  consumerist  OneForTheGoodGuys
Why can't I ever get a buggy at  Walmart that rolls correctly?
Walmart Online: We Thought You'd Enjoy These (22) 
i wasn't even flexing. but if you wanna come   me and call me tacky then why you doing everything i'm doing, but the walmart version? hahaha
TruWhip Topping- Only  1.43   Walmart! - 
BHall 15+ million jobs, unemployment 4.6% stock market up 5 years+ & CBO said 7-10 million jobs 2017 Walmart, Chevy… 
Random old lady in Walmart just asked me if she could take a picture of Haddie, because she loves the way she's dressed. 😂😅
Yo fuck you for telling your loud mouth gma I cheated on you. That's not what happen and you know it. Now got all of Walmart on my case👌🏽🖕🏽
 MoxieBeautiful  periscopeco at Walmart
So I just lost my keys in Walmart 🙄Wtf !!!!!!
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Moreno Valley, CA 
I called Walmart and the hung up on me ... wtf
 CTinkX every Walmart trip of mine 😂
When  thatcrazyfurmom calls me out on snapchat 😂😂😂😂 I LOVE WALMART OKAY 
And Walmart. 
 Walmart I did. Please just have your stores open up more than just a few checkout lines.
I wonder will neisha go to Walmart with me ? She know I hate going by myself 😂
I've been shopping at Wally World aka Walmart forever and I love it they have yet to disappoint me smh I hate target
 ChilePideATeenWolf  MTVteenwolf  comicconchile

Gucci vs Walmart 
I rolled into Walmart   ThatsWhenItAllWentDown 
Someone tell me how every single Walmart has the exact same smell
 realDonaldTrump Well, it isn't because of you! These plans have been long time coming!


 JillianMcLeod05  Walmart guess you gotta go when you gotta go....lol
When you see all the things for  valentine's day at Walmart and your like dam wheres bae lol 😂
Update from  VacavillePolice- woman who reportedly groped people at Walmart has been located. Police say they're wo… 
Buffalo Chicken Salad Boats are perfect for the big game!  Get the recipe here  OEPBigGame  Walmart
Everyone I know gets the same  5 sketchbook from Walmart and some  2 pencils, and I'm here with a Canson sketchbook and charcoal pencils pFT
I accidentally told some chick at Walmart that her infant daughter needed a daddy.
 MattNeptune55  Our apologies, Matt! We suggest that you visit for further assistance. -Kat
Guess the cashier at Walmart wanted my Salmon more than me. Took it to the checkstand with my other food, never got scanned & just vanished.
Went to Walmart for tissues. I forgot the tissues but I have food and that makes up for it right?
Tiny lil Haul | Beauty Lish | Sephora | Walmart: via  YouTube
I haven't seen angry white people this happy since the Walmart down the street switched over to being open 24hrs.   InaugurationDay
Omg I saw Pedro at Walmart 😫 I miss working w him
The PBR Experience at Walmart is BoeingCK & we're coming to a city near you! 
Here's where you can find us this weekend… 
I don't feel like fighting traffic to get to, thru, and out  Walmart... I'll just pay more at  Target today
My boyfriend is currently at Walmart in basketball shorts and cowboy boots. That's Harrison County for ya 🙄
 jheil  svagdis  johndickerson righteousness from A woman who want jobs & shop at Walmart & Target sit down U dont know what you stand 4
Clorox 2 Liquid Just  2.28 At Walmart!  Walmart  clorox
If you wanna know how stupid people can be just drive through a Walmart parking lot.
My dad can't comprehend that my work week at Walmart starts on Saturdays.
Yes I did just go to Walmart to get  ColleenB123 a present for her show on 1/29/17
 realDonaldTrump thank God! I can be a Walmart greeter now! So tired of hearing "Bienvenidos a Walmart!" More like "Bienvenidos TO Walmart!"
I don't have my second class till 5:45 so I'm sitting at Walmart parking lot till then
I liked a  YouTube video VLOG: WILD AT WALMART
 Kcantine Walmart !
 LPDonovan So my cheap crap I buy at WalMart just got less cheap.
White Resentment on the Night Shift at Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video from  africanoboi Target Vs Walmart Shopper
 rachelneemers is that walmart?
 gabsadauskaite that seriously messed me up for life I will never look at Walmart the same
I picked up this gadget today at Walmart...I'm excited to try it out with our new protein… 
I asked my 3 year old brother if he was gonna buy a new broter he said "yep" I said "from what store?" He said "walmart no from bitch store"
walmart got a lot of games out i might get a game from walmart or gamestop one of the stores.
walmart brand kardashian
PREMIERE Consulting Group renews/initiates Vendor Registrations with:

 Costco 
 IKEA
 Marriott 
 NorthropGrumman… 
Walmart on  Yelp: Markham has a handful of Walmart stores. This one is the newer one out of the batch, which is loc… 
Haha I'm so blind I accidentally got in the wrong car at Walmart
how did i spend  85 at walmart ? ):
So a Walmart on the other side of town is closing an everything is 25%. Made my list now to see what's left  ItsThatSerious  Foodie
Just posted a photo   Walmart Supercenter Stockton 
I haven't been able to go shopping in a week, so of course this is going to be at least a hundred dollar Walmart trip 😬🤑
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 1/31/2017 
 jenrigatoni I use Ardell lashes with Duo adhesive. I've used them for years and I've never had application issues. Buy at target or Walmart
 mrsrachwalker green mountain Nantucket blend is my go to Kcup! Also I REALLY love the Walmart brand Donut Shop ones.. super cheap & good!
Suspicious intox male stumbling around Oralabor and PDI. Soaked from falling down numerous times, currently walking towards Walmart
Going to Walmart and seeing all the Valentine's Day stuff makes me realize just how single I really am😅
I liked a  YouTube video from  ryantaylorbmx THE  99 WALMART BMX! (TRY BEFORE YOU BUY)
 XisStart Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
 DelvalleZone Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
I need a bih to get me some more work shoes wit dey Walmart credit
 Sparky47u  starrwat  Gogo  Delta  SouthwestAir WN points are good for only 1 thing - convert to  Walmart cards to use a  SamsClub ;-)
 ShawnieceQB Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
What’s FREE At WalMart! FREEbies AND Money Makers!


I'm not emotionally stable enough right now to handle all these people at Walmart.
one was in walmart bathroom one time mannnn... i was like sir.. she turned around and had tits... i was like 😧 
 HerbNTees  marshalls  TargetDeals  IGotItAtRoss  Walmart  Kohls  Kmart  tjmaxx  Sears I like this design!
BoeingCK WITH A VENGEANCE:  Look What Walmart Just Pledged To Donald Trump T... via  YouTube
When you thought she was true gold and you find out,everybody done been in and out of her like she Walmart✋
Pause...this wont workout 🙋👍✌
 nianextdoor2  Jezebel yo you can buy thin mint cookies at Walmart that 1) taste the same 2) are wayyyyy cheaper
clomid generic | clomid for sale at walmart | clomid success rate 
 nude or teen or secretary hot naked walmart girls 
So I found this in the walmart bathroom right before work. So I just wanna say thanks to whoever placed it there, i… 
Starting on 1/25/17, there will be a minor stop change on the  65 due to the new Walmart. More information here: 
 WalmartCanada Walmart USA, is doing a Funko section reset with a vendor coming in to stock shelves. Is Canada getting the same treatment?
Boy really had Walmart sacks on his feet 😂😂😂  ThaRealCT
I checked in at Walmart on  Yelp 
Car at Walmart catches fire and explodes 
 GrimsToyShow  mewingwang Walmart pick up  more to come tomroro 
[70318] Nexo Knights - The Glob Lobber is on sale for  6.99 (30% off from reg. 9.99) 
Walmart Worker Turns In  350 He Found In Parking Lot-'-'His Good Deed Ends Up Costing Him His Job 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Hunter enters Walmart through the exit and says "you didn't know you married a bad boy, did you?!" 😂😂😂🙈
Love how they're selling coats & bathing suits in the same section at Walmart 😂
You're like walmart you got everything i need  NICKIMINAJ  DavidNicki
 kaari_art  idk what made me choose it on that fateful day in walmart when my mom let me pick a game, but my life has never been the same
Scary fish: I just bought 5 boxes of cereal
Scarier fish: And..
S.F: With no milk 
SRF:thank you for shopping at Wa… 
 philadper2014  Stonewall_77  EpigeaArbutus  Walmart I always conceal my .40. So if someone tries to rob me, Ill just rob them instead. JK😂
 BrianForDummies lol yep, only in the hood, across Walmart 😑
answer to our Quiz was: Walmart Intelligence
Me: "we should go to target" Corina: "No we're broke. Bitches that are broke don't go to target, they go to Walmart" lmao
New Printable Coupon For Kettle Chips And Walmart Matchups! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** New ... 
Clorox 2 Liquid Just  2.28 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Clorox 2 Liquid Just  2.28 At ... 
This weekend I am going to a town that has a toys r us and target, hopefully getting a ROBLOX toy! Are they selling at Walmart?
Just saw the same cooler my dad bought for  130 back home for  45 at walmart.
Couponing at Walmart: Winter Clothes Clearance via Couponing to Disney - While at my local ... 
Before I got my hair cut at Walmart or fantastic Sam's I'd go to lids in the mall and buy a hat 😅
Guys... Walmart is stepping up in their clothing game. Like... some of this stuff is super cute.  noshame
This guy at Walmart just stopped me in the isle and told me I was really pretty I'm crying :,)
Ester swung a box of cookies and they flew everywhere at Walmart. 😂😂😂
Sister found this at Walmart... Something isn't right here🤔 
Some people just go for walmart when they can have gucci smh
What I need:
Chrom
Frederick
Olivia
Inigo
Henry
Gaius
Stahl
Walmart
myAppliances->This kitchen by Millennials, for Millennials has a beer dispensing robot—and…… 
 _LFinest Walmart 😂😂😂😂😂
Enter now for your chance to win  Walmart gift cards, Palmer's hats or samples!  PalmersCocoaTour
I wish I had some extra money so I can buy me some new makeup... and not the Walmart brand either 🙃🙃
 Maybelline  MakeupShayla Walmart? Why y'all gotta do her like that 🙄
 realDonaldTrump
 why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
THESE BITCHES AT WALMART MAKE ME SICK ‼️
 38Sandy48  philadper2014  Stonewall_77  Walmart only time I carry here in Maine is when i head into the woods..2 & 4 legged coyotes around
Asexual Gingers from Walmart
There's nothing better than screaming that you reached 10,000 steps in your Fitbit in Walmart and having a random guy stare at you 😂
My friend said do they sale nike at Walmart 😂😂😂
Nothing tops off a long day like being wrongfully accused of stealing at Walmart 🙃
 realDonaldTrump Walmart where 90% of our nation's working poor come from. 
Yes great thank you...... 
This guy at Walmart is wearing a faze clan shirt  I want to shout TK all day  KOSDFF
Nobody recorded this baker Walmart mess ??👀😂
Iah shoot walmart up ion give a fuck about no job 😒
 Mott447  dascenzo27  MommasBeanScene  WhatsTheMaatta  Mr_Longfellow_  ThyFantasticFox  BarackObama  Walmart  DICKS ya. He wants an opinion
 philadper2014  Stonewall_77  EpigeaArbutus  Walmart Same in Wyoming. Have no problems with Walmart. Guess depends on where u live
American Airlines' new lower fare seats... New jobs at Walmart... Google Maps parking help...

 abc7chicago... 
 KaylahCupcake you're hired!!! I'll dig some marble outta a fish tank at Walmart... that will work right?!
 Jay_Money55 the only wine they even sell at Walmart lol
 trnrtips just watched today's video, just so you know Tauros spawn frequently at my place of work (Walmart) reminds me of the mall.
 vine rip to the old walmart 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
 Walmart  WalmartNewsroom 
I am rethinking my relationship with Walmart. Walmart has regressed into a liberal sleaz… 
A cashier at Walmart just said "You're not over 21, are you?"

😒😒😒 Just give me my wine and leave me alone.
free girls of walmart porn 
Walmart is copying the game - 
Gotta go to Walmart
I went to Walmart to get something to put my movies in & then talked myself out of buying it 🙄
do walmart stay got gfs
 JHCares  jacksonhewitt DONT TAKE THEIR ADVANCE THEY AUTO SIGN YOU UP FOR A WALMART GIFT CARD
POPCORNERS Carnival Kettle, Popcorn Chips, Single Serve (1oz/40 Pack)  [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale 
Literally just wanna go to Spencer's and Walmart. 🙃
 Prismeous i need to start my collection when the toys are at Walmart then i will get them.
Yall...there are  1  Danskin workout pants at Walmart!!!! Whaaaaaaa!!!!  BeCool  DontDrawAttention 
Ok that's fucking funny about the sizes. And skip power? Never 😈  Walmart furniture ftw 
If you still tryna sell dvds in Walmart's parking lot,just stop and go sell crack. Too many ways to see the new Madea for free.
Just survived over 2 hours of shopping at Walmart. Pheeeeeeew. 
 Stonewall_77  EpigeaArbutus  Walmart Doesn't happen in this part of TX. I wander arid with my 1911 on my hip and nobody says a word!😊
 highest_marx get back to greeting people coming in Walmart and get of your phone
Walmart 
 realDonaldTrump Can't wait for those big   Walmart jobs!  You just need to push back the pesky law requiring overtime for Mgrs & repeal ACA
I swear if Walmart don't have this movie
I hate going to Walmart to shop for laundry detergent and shit.
Nintendo of Japan conserved Walmart's Mega Man amiibo on November 21st
 Manstagram_ ITS LIKE THAT BITCH AT WALMART BRO  DylJames34
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
 TarynMSMusic I'm warning you...I'll go to the outdoor section of walmart right now 
chanel vs walmart 
I found Crystal pepsi at Walmart today, not that bad :)
 realDonaldTrump  Walmart's low wages cost tax payers 6.2 billion/year in gov assistance.  SAD!   greed
 TomAznable the US release is a DVD in a Walmart  5 bin...
 jacksonhewitt  why is your system auto signing people up for a walmart gift card when they ask for the serve card
SCREW WALMART: TRUMP WILL BE SO P*SSED WHEN HE SEES HOW THEY JUST BETRAY... via  YouTube
EEOC Sues Walmart for Discriminating Against Employee with Intellectual Disability  
The lady at Walmart is fixing to make me lose my religion
Checking out    walmart and realizing you forgot your card...
 public embarrassment
i fucking hate walmart it smells like coffee and fat ppl
 Hersheys , you pulled through with the caramel kisses at the Walmart in my town today.😎
 TheRealQuaT go to Walmart it fuck u up how big them bags is of cereal 😂😂
 Evan_Rosenfeld  realDonaldTrump Walmart had that planning for couple of years trump had nothing too do with it liar an fake
 pisstestme  RepTomPrice  WhatWILLTrumpDo  pinepilot sorry I was a dick, I was tweeting in a horrible line at Walmart.
If I'm found dead it's because of the birds attacked me at Walmart in Gainesville
i have green hair dye and bleach coming soon. i will be the walmart version of  MyahAlanna by this weekend :)
I need to go to Walmart, but I don't wanna leave my house...
Did you know that they sold big teddy bears at walmart?
 GracieDeAnn04 Update5: the lady at Walmart told me to have a good day but sadly ma'am I can't seem to do that
Chanel vs. Walmart 
There is something so...special about a trip to Walmart.
At walmart. Getting my dad a birthday gift!
 realDonaldTrump there is Walmart in Mexico also 🤣😂😀🤣😂😀🤣😂😀
 connercalsing DD is the like Walmart brand of donuts
I hate Walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video TASTING WEIRD SNACKS FROM WALMART
OH SHIT, I COULD HAVE TOTALLY VOTED WALMART OR BRADY

INSTEAD I CHOSE MY BOY ROY
 RightWingerRoy  PrisonPlanet she looks like a clown with makeup....but still better than the ham planets roaming around walmart
diabetics Bancroft's Theresa bathers decencies Walmart's vet intersection critiquing  nonsense  nonsenseengine
i had 2 leave the walmart EARLY i had a NDE (near death experience) near the rugs section bc the florescent lighting was cooking me alive
Another one of my books being sold in Walmart...WTH ???..i must be dreaming...no joke... 
these secret shoppers at my walmart make it so obvious that there looking at you
Just thought I saw  BernieSanders in  Walmart 😩😩😩
 RadSwagDad69 I'm already at Walmart doing that 
Free Prescription Savings Card- Accepted at CVS, Walgreens, Rite Aid, Walmart Pharmacies
Use this digital card & pr… 
The person who tagged along wants to go to Walmart so I atleast get my cookies
And btw I bought this from  Target smh this is why I love Walmart 😒 
And tnx to sponsors Xcel, AARP, Wis Hosp Assn, Amfam, Husch Blackwell, Walmart. See hilites in today's PM Update ju… 
 CrewysIsDead I just buy Walmart women's thin ass whatever's
Need to go to Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️
Walmart got the rudest fucking workers
Walmart parking lot birds are literally my worst nightmare come to life
 kairawolf I don't think walmart is calm at any time of day anymore.
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
 IntegerDevourer that reminds me of the time a customer called my store

"is this straight talk"

"this is walmart"

"can i talk to straight
 wallylayman  jeremyrumbolt Yeah but you don't know, and with your record tonight, I would take it easy on the predictions, Walmart.
I get Girl Scout cookies all year because I'm smart enough to know Walmart repackage them hoes and sell them for the low low
Walmart To Add 10,000, GM 1,500 Jobs - Trivial, That's 6 Hours Of Normal American Job Creation 
If  BetsyDeVos gets confirmed, we should flood her office by sending these:  grizzly  grizzlybear
Insight into an industry that makes    off of skimming welfare/EITC checks -- they dot every Walmart parking lot 
I liked a  YouTube video BoeingCK WITH A VENGEANCE: Look What Walmart Just Pledged To Donald Trump Today!
Walmart: Jack Daniel's 150 Anniversary  244.03 
Walmart is the true birth control. Think you want a kid? Walk around a Walmart for a bit.
 LinksysCares Hi there. That link only shows me a Walmart store that does not carry the items I am looking for. I need a distributor.
Hamburger Plush Photo Real Pillow for  4 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Stonewall_77  Walmart Walmart is slowly slipping down my list as a responsible business.  Their leftwing policies hack me right OFF!   MAGA
can you BELIEVE that Walmart doesn't sell bald caps???
*Erin walking in Walmart* "Do you ever just look at someone & think to yourself hmm they definitely smoke crack"
This little girl at Walmart really thought Jordan was her dad & kept yelling "daddy! Daddy! Dad?" To him lmao
Walmart "Best Value" frozen pizza ... may contain MUSTARD? First… 
"I gotta go to Walmart to stock up on ammo"
 MaryWilliford_  brookeee_luna he's so sweet! Someone abandoned him in the Walmart parking lot ☹️
Why do all the workers at Walmart act like they're on fucking crack
Some of  Walmart employees = some of today's rappers  nodifference  confused  thereforthemoney  noexperience  freeforall
Antivac parents feeding their kids GMOs & multiple meats from Walmart. Get that baby vaccinated for the sake of all that is good.
Clorox 2 Liquid Just  2.28 At Walmart! 
Joined us today! 
I chose the wrong time to come to Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Chicago, IL 
 Kinectt  MythFroggy  PayPal just send me the 10  and I'll send him a pizza from Walmart
Bradley and I just drove to walmart to pick out candles with each other :,)
i just got in my first car wreck at walmart help i'm scared
shinwon's adventures in walmart :> 
 nude walmart father daughter sexual 
You Can Get These Holographic Makeup Brushes at Walmart  influenster
If you do nothing but work at Walmart & live w your parents then you have no right to think you're better than me, check yourself 😘✋🏼
Samer decided today that we we're gonna start eating healthy. We went to Walmart and got some fruit. We also got cheesecake and donuts.
 __Cashh900 lol yes it is. I'll send you a pic when I get home. I'm at Walmart right now
Sure,  Walmart, don't bother having an express lane open for the guy with one item. You wonder why your customers dislike you so...
 LetiAdams For me, it's the Walmart parking lot. I swear I need to give up complaining about that for Lent.  impossibletasks
Hoes love shopping at walmart
This girl said she liked my tights and I told her I got them from target but I just remembered they're from Walmart and now I feel so guilty
walmart never answers the damn phone!!!!!!!!
Ugh. (  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Largo, FL) 
Because we're seeing so many  MakeupShayla +  bigshotmascara tweets - you can get one signed by her in LA next week… 
Never know who you will run into on a trip to  Walmart  QHSCoachColeman
Okay but I asked my dad to come and get me and take my to Walmart and he ignored it and kept talking about rather I… 
 patrickc I sometimes worry about this in the case of companies (eg Walmart), who won by being better optimizers.  Presumably, creating a
trying to find coconut oil in walmart is fucking ridiculous
A throwback.
Chanel VS. Walmart 
BoeingCK WITH A VENGEANCE:  Look What Walmart Just Pledged To Donald Trump T... 
It's coming...  calmbeforethestorm   Walmart Pico Rivera 
Walmart is copying the game via /r/trees 
 TheLapsedFan dang, you two just had to talk about these as I pulled up to WalMart. Hogan vs. Cena here we come. 
'Hello darkness my old friend' is playing in the middle of Walmart rn and I feel really emo
just go to walmart. 
So, who is the genius that thought it woyldnbe wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
My tata just told the Walmart cashier, that if they don't bag the bleach I'll drink it 😂😩
 kiddsteven513  loganjb99 think i'm staying the night so when u guys get off we can go to walmart, get rope, and u can jump off the balcony
Walmart cashier: I like ur hair and ur glasses and ur face.. I'm not weird. 
Me: let's run away together
It's like I forget how many water bottles I have sitting at home every time I'm at Walmart   thirsty 💦 
 MoNsTaD1_ hey can always greet people at Walmart when being a pro at 50 don't work 🙄
coupon for nexium 40 mg | walmart nexium price | nexium vs prilosec | protonix vs nexium 
 OpTic_Crimsix Im a tech at walmart and it takes about 10 to 15 minutes to push a prescription from drop off to pick up.
 realDonaldTrump now if you could encourage Walmart to start bringing back store security that would help a lot with a lot of things
 e_t_diaz17  OriginalFunko At Walmart in the craft section.
 stephMEM  amyhoyt Don't panic Walmart has it.
I just entered to win a  10 Walmart Gift Card from  thefreetree_co! 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Epic Racist Fail - Crazy Lady in Walmart and What Happens When Shopping
I saved myself  39.84 by switching to self check out at Walmart 😊
New phone case.  walmart 
 nonomorikubo go to walmart and ask employers 'where can i find a gf'
 RobertMFTKO  Walmart about to lose an employee cus I'm walkin out rn
 _carli2 notice I didn't get any response from  Walmart  😒
 Walmart I've found out the problem is that your site still doesn't work correctly with Google Chrome. I'd suggest… 
I would hate for anyone to see me in Walmart right now I look a mess!
Haha damn idk why I have so many good memories at Walmart
Went in Walmart for Alfredo sauce came out with shea moisture products and coconut oil🙄
 Sassy_Linn I have a  4 one from Walmart 😂😂😂 it's like plastic and is like a clown mirror hahahaha
 Walmart 20 some odd registers and only 4 open?? Y'all in the back making a mixtape or something??  openmoreregisters
Walmart is the cultural hub of Lafayette, IN.
Just did a  100 haul at Walmart... adulting sucks
 nonomorikubo walmart
Ominous guests in the tree...   Walmart Sherman 
i went to walmart to find a movie and i walked out with an industrial size box of fruit by the foot
So excited to review my January Ipsy and Winter Walmart Beauty Box >>  makeup  beauty… 
Walmart is calling for a mr.xanhead that stole a .26 cent watch 
Donate School Supplies at Walmart - Champions for Kids! via  YouTube
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure t.at Walmart + holidays e women in mox jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Heol
Trying to find my mom in Walmart or stop and shop when it's packed is the worst 🤦🏽‍♀️ she's 4"11
CUSTOMER: I can't reach the fan on the top shelf.

GIRAFFE IN WALMART VEST: *grabs box with teeth* I hate ma lurf. Thtay in thcool.
 Walmart I'm at Walmart and they have no idea what's going on with the orders
Walmart Winter Beauty Box Only  5.00 Shipped 
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage b
Walmart Strikes Once Again. WTF Things That You Only See At Walmart 
WWFM now playing at my local Walmart. Still on their playlist 😊
Walmart??? They are just about as unethical and immoral as you, Trump. GREED!! 
walmart out here with the alicia keys!!!
Join 6 Concodia students on a cross-Canada Walmart protest tour in the energetic WAL-TOWN!  CPVOD  LoadedPictures
Walmart trips are so fun lmao
ITS LIKE 299 REAIS IN WALMART AND ITS 30 REAIS ON ESHOP   WHY
I somehow managed to survive Walmart, today... There was a crazy amount of people there for 2 in the afternoon.
Was in Walmart and overheard a customer ask an employee if they carry or sell portable CD players. What year is this?
Did anyone eat about the fire at Lake geneva Walmart?
Watch the video to learn more about Dry Sprays  Walmart! 
Walking into Walmart in a Bernie shirt. This could be bad lol
 Lmertes7 dude go to and price match it at Walmart it's super cheap that way
Vocies of the Obama econmomy, "Welcome to Walmart" & "Would you like an apple pie with that happy meal?" 
I FUCKING HATE WALMART
I went to walmart to get a lunchable and some makeup and I've never felt so confident out in public I already feel so relieved
The bubble wrap game is strong.  Walmart 
 troyeepapii  aahghosts walmart yeehaw guns prolife donald trump cracker mayonnaise gucci flip flops mispronounced spanish words
Donate School Supplies at Walmart - Champions for Kids!: via  YouTube
Some creative thinking may help solve the food desert crisis!  CreativeGeniusFood
 evilqueenss  strahovski_ Walmart actually lmao
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance 
socialjusticeinamerica: Walmart and the Walton foundation… 
New Printable Coupon For Kettle Chips And Walmart Matchups!  Walmart  Kettle
Stork parking at Walmart is life
My aunt just asked me if I wanted to go to Walmart and I've never been more excited 😂
Walmart: Free Brawny 8-Pack Paper Towels after rebate! 
 spacedivas fake? me? i'm 100% walmart where is the fakeness in that
So I was in Walmart today and I saw these. Is it bad that I immediately thought of  RomanAtwood when I saw them? 😂… 
Great someone took my debit card info & spent money at Walmart 😅 fml.
My new favorite lotion! It smells so good! Find it on  AD 
BROWN MONKEY - CHIMP 10" WALMART - VALENTINE - PLUSH - LOVE 
i was at walmart and i saw this i- [] 
Took 3 different pics with ppl in Walmart and I don't got a cut 😩😩
 M_merriett my mom got it from Walmart in Roanoke Rapids today!
Should I pull up to Walmart or buckly 🤔🤔🤔
GM, Walmart, Amazon Announce New Jobs Ahead of Trump’s Inauguration ... 

 realDonaldTrump that is right all of those minimum wage jobs coming to Walmart
 FreshPrince_NY  Walmart I'm sorry did i say it was over I meant it's still cold outside 😐
sexy women of walmart pics  malin ackerman sex video 
 Walmart game on. 
I have a meeting at work tonight and my hair was a mess because I wore a hat so I bought a comb at Walmart and wet my hair in the bathroom
 RomanAtwood it's funny how you had a meeting with Walmart and I seen this Monday in my towns Walmart 😂 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cedar Hill, TX 
Walmart run with shorty! 
Hamburger Plush Photo Real Pillow for  4 + pickup at Walmart

First time sa America. Walang view. Mall at Walmart lang. Plus kumain ng something American. Baltimore with lesser… 
Stories like this restores my faith in humanity. Well done to the 
 Walmart employee! 
Women Caught Flashing In Walmart! 
 MyT_Mouse76 Walmart
Why this Walmart employee look like she's a blood
babe   Walmart Kingsport - Ft Henry Drive 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Omaha, NE 
Thanks  MileUP  Walmart  5 . You can earn rewards! Today I redeemed 10 dollars. Cool! 😉 
I'm am cringy. Don't come to Walmart with me. 
Capacete Shark Evoline Serie 3 KRW ... Apenas R 2599.00 Acesse  bike  oferta  desconto… 
 sicsixgun64 instead of shopping for a 3 dollar shirt that costs 200 because of a name, they go to walmart.
Q: Who's winning  MobileCommerce? A:  Amazon; well ahead of  eBay  Walmart  Target others:  mcommerce  ecommerce
got home in record time from walmart to see sabrina not even on yet?
nude girls walmart 
Extra cash - spare time  watching videos, doing offers, taking surveys. FREE PayPal, Walmart, & Amazon. 100% LEGIT… 
Walmart:  5 Beauty Box! ** nice treat if you need pick me up. Been in Reno,my besties Dad died 1/17😢 nice gift too
 Walmart , where's my tax return? XD
This lady had an umbrella and one of those mitten windshield scrapers outside Walmart and honestly that's the type of boujee I aspire to be
Does anyone else use glue that is curable with blue light? Which do you use? eg 
Going to Roosevelt Boulevard Walmart is like taking a trip to Mexico 🇲🇽 or Puerto Rico 🇵🇷
 Texzl yo can u pick me up if u lose someone gt is Walmart yeezeys
Shout out to the Family in walmart in GBC who gave me 5.00 to be able to load 10.00 on my prepay card~! Just when you give up on humanity~!
Ima go to Walmart to get some groceries & make some dinner & dessert I see on these food videos bc bored lol
Retweeted Donald J. Trump ( realDonaldTrump):

Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
Why chick's wear heels at walmart?
Amazon is crushing Walmart, eBay, and Target in the growing mobile shopping space - Business Insider  SmartNews
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael ULTIMATE CLIMBING ON RAFTERS AT WALMART!! (GONE WRONG)
 EatGreekCrmChs  Walmart  kroger there are no krogers here.  Also no luck at  Publix ,  Target , or  WinnDixie 😢😢😢
Walmart is copying the game SRC: /r/trees  trees  cannabis  weed  reddit 
 Morgangoode_  PeyOlive  Walmart yess😂😂😂😂😂
 betsy_klein  Bloomingdales too "elite" for Trump supporters. Need those Walmart, Costco, andJCPenny dresses
Trumps inauguration will be the biggest Walmart conference in history
Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000  SmartNews
WalMart/GM reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump "thanks": how will consumers respond to CC aimed at Trump love?  tuckcc 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in El Paso, TX 
Was driving to walk on the beach, but decided to walk around Walmart instead.  I'm a sad old man.
Went to Walmart drunk the other night & I was supposed to by snow pants but ended up buying a DVD player instead 😁
Director Of Marketing Consumer Packaged Goods (Cpg) Marketing Exper. job - Sacramento, CA 
Vice President Of Sales Consumer Packaged Goods (Cpg) Retail Sales job - Sacramento, CA 
. realDonaldTrump Walmart realized the positive publicity it would get from you tweeting about them creating jobs would distracts from...
My makeup is too great to be spending my evening at Walmart wtf🙄
 realDonaldTrump If Walmart is hiring,we'd better get ready to spend more on food stamps for their employees.
myAppliances->X-ray reveals 12-month-old puppy swallowed 8-inch kitchen knife -…… 
 AWill83192048  puppymnkey if they just pull all their merchandise from walmart, they can watch the riots that would take place
I might get out of this Walmart checkout before Spring. Maybe.
I'm surrounded by everyone who shops at Walmart. — feeling amused at Flamingo DMV Las Vegas 
Just canceled my pre-order of Train to Busan off Amazon. Turns out the Walmart down the street has it available and  10 cheaper!
 Walmart adding US jobs 
no.. he's a Walmart version of rene 
ENTER TO WIN  15 WalMart Gift Card Giveaway
 giveaway,  bloghop,  jeepersitsjanuary,  giveaways… 
- Walmart Sales and discounts page check out all their sales updated daily!
Amazon is crushing Walmart, eBay, and Target in the growing mobile shopping space - Business Insider 
 lezswimmer17 aye niña guess we're taking you to Walmart to take your pictures 🤗
 optibotimus at walmart they're at  5 and game is at  20
 OhHeyItsRei COMPARING RHAJAT TO THARJA IS LIKE COMPARING WALMART TO CHANEL
Save Up to  80 on Miracle-Gro Aerogardens at Walmart!  deal 
Suction Bowl With Lid  [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
 randaa_zoe lol girl Walmart! Some lil small one. My shower speakers broke and my showers have a huge effect on my day so I gotta stay lit!
 Walmart 5 boards for  20 I guess that I'll be selling them on eBay at this rate of response time
My hair helps me fit in to Walmart lmao
The Urbini Swiftli can be utilized as a stylish stroller or light-weight travel system! 
You ever been hungover? You ever been passed out in a buggy at 8am in Walmart hungover? If so, seek help.... 
Walmart ~ Beauty Boxes Only  5 Shipped - 
I reeeeealllyyyy can't wait until my 21st. I'm just ready to be able to walk in walmart and freely buy beer and wine 🙃🙃
Get a free  50 Walmart digital code  034   Walmart  giftcards  Free  giveaway 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Liverpool, NY 
Bout to buy myself seven heart shaped candy boxes because I have a lot of feelings today and Walmart is rude
Wish he would've been at Walmart tho so I could have bought a big case of water for the price I spent on the 2 jugs a the gas station, lol
 Walmart can you guys explain why there was a YODA in my fruit smiles 
 Walmart is my nintendo switch pre order guarenteed?   Says i will get it by march 9
Some Collector perfected Walmart's Duck Hunt amiibo on Christmas
yeah! we all want to work for walmart part time for low wages and get food stamps!  maga NOT! 
 tahj__ivycarter  Walmart she stole from yall
Oil changes at Walmart are the fucking worse. Idk why I keep giving these ppl a chance
Sorry guys, but I need to vent!! So I went to WALMART(AKA) the club to get some stuff. I noticed this lady was... 
 realDonaldTrump yeah! we all want to work for walmart part time for low wages and get food stamps!  maga NOT!
 EatGreekCrmChs  Walmart  kroger Hasn't been at my Walmart in over 2 months. Might need to hire me as a merchandiser lol bc no 1 here has it
 pastebbins I know.. it's taking forever! Don't you have stores like a Walmart lol
 realDonaldTrump u realize Walmart's biz model is based largely on importing, products previously made in US,
"Don't Be The Next Walmart"
on  LinkedIn
 __Almxghty oh they on campus... I had went to Walmart all they had was sleep aides
 kamowens22 after I texted you I went into Walmart to waste time to see if you would wake up before I had to go home 😅😅 Love you!
 CNN I bet that driver goes to Walmart and uses the electric scooter shopping carts
 lex_eyee in PR they sell it in Health Food Centers, but maybe you can find it in walmart, good luck! 😌
I went to Walmart to get red chili flakes. Bought 20 things but forgot the red chili flakes. 😑
Walmart run later 😊
 Walmart whatever idiot thought that, that giant box was one board 
 evanlemons Thank you for providing the location. Give us a call at the number above so we can address it. -Zoe
Scam targets seniors in Alabama with Walmart gift cards 
This happened to me except I was walking into the self check out of Walmart and pressed the unlock on my car keys 🙃 
Walmart  FeatureMe Liveme AYEE Puma🔥🐯: 
I want to buy products that help women. Join us in doing more for women-owned businesses  Walmart  UPS  ownedbywomen  WEConnection
"They never saw it coming. Customers were streaming through the stores, sales continued to grow, and Americans in RV…
 melisasalgadog en Walmart :/
I saw the shortest fluffiest black cat at walmart is this a Curse or a Blessing
 realDonaldTrump by killing small local businesses and importing most of their products. Walmart is a jobs sinner, not a company to praise
 _thatsamaZIN oh. its blue. its called Lotta Body. right in Walmart. great stuff
I liked a  YouTube video from  cjcity_ Walmart Jordans a HUGE Scam!!!
 SimoneeRey Hahaha yes! Some Walmart carry it but some don't. If not I've ordered it off amazon before.😊
Please tell me why all the lanes at Walmart are closed except one lol 🙄
 TheSoulReaper66 Our apologies. Please visit so we can look into it. -Zoe.
When you're supposed to be at school but you see Scharton at Walmart
So, everyone should go see my "Walmart Story" on Snapchat. It's kinda the best thing I've ever snapped about.
how i order a picture collage frame from walmart & it says they won't have it in stock until Jan. 23. ..
When you get kicked out of Walmart for no reason 😡😤
 AlyssaUrey i'm probably gonna get it next time lol & really?! i'll try that too. walmart? i usually use the NYX one but it's like gone 😬
I literally hate Walmart. This is why I always go to Kroger.
this new sports bra i got from walmart in da bomb
 packfanRyan I heard this in Walmart this morning and almost lost my cool in the frozen food isle!  GoPackGo 


*gets groweled at in walmart by a toddler* dad apologizes, "sorry he thinks he's a dinosaur"
i don't know why i fool with Walmart 🙄
Narrator: Pedro went to Walmart that same day bought a pump and it didn't work he didn't know what to do so he beca… 
So I had to go back in line and waste time for her to charge me for the pillow she said she got. This is why I don't go to Walmart 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
 Walmart I only paid for one so this just seems excessive
 realDonaldTrump raise the minimum wage then people who work for Walmart may be able to shop there!
.  realDonaldTrump Just think of the large amount of jobs there would be if Walmart was selling mostly US made goods! ...
Newly Remodeled Nail Salon in Plano, TX for sale! 
- Walmart Foot Traffic: 16,968 estimated monthly 

More... 
 Seeking_Beta_69  NegativeNub no it won't lol. more companies competing will bring prices down. Walmart (corporations) are the problem.
 ReTweet  Rouge  FLOWER WIN SOME ROUGE SOME CREME BLUSH 0.14 OZ 
 SweetTale4u Thanks! Great to hear you love  GreekCreamCheese! Check out  Walmart &  kroger stores near you and 
Nothing pisses me off more than this damn traffic. I live right next to Walmart it shouldn't take me 30 mins to get there :-)
Get yourself a man that will go to Walmart with you without complaining
 Walmart Hard to do since none of the options talks about the site nor applications.
 lotusluh "WHERE IS THE CLOSEST WALMART! STUPID BITCH"
Buy your non-perishables from Walmart fam. These grocery stores are actually mocking it
When ur trying really hard to save money, but not sure if it's worth being creepily stared at at Walmart.......🙅🏽
When the cashier at Walmart makes me seem like a thief after I told her BEFORE and AFTER she swiped the pillow that it was 2 and she said ok
Bruh this lady in Walmart seen me walk in the bathroom after she came out the stall and flew out so quick she said fuck washing her hands 🤢
The Walmart family is worth  144 Billion. This year the gov. is giving them back  6 billion in tax breaks.. 
I'm at Walmart in Virginia Beach, VA 
Witch Tip🦋 - thebookofwitchcraft: I went to Walmart today and they have there seeds out now! 1.89  for... 
Garry is giving away spaghetti squash seedlings for this Saturday's seedling swap   PC Walmart, 10am.… 
i feel like i should've brought a snack to eat before i go into walmart alone...
i'm stranded in walmart with no money i'm extraordinarily pissed
 Walmart I don't need 5 boards
. realDonaldTrump you seem to be forgetting that almost everything Walmart sells is made outside the US to keep sal… 
 mrm0726  bbbourb Thank you? Do you need a thrown away Walmart grill? :/
 realDonaldTrump Sure, because Walmart has NOTHING from China on its shelves.  ReadTheLabel
 TheDuckyyB  Kylolis like, Ben n Jerrys doesn’t seem like a natural fit for Walmart. Like buying steaks at Dollar Tree.
What's going on SV? Why Are Walmart and Fellow Old-Guard Giants Shopping in… Get Found -> 
Walmart plan only until April   digital  verizonprepaid
The intrigue of the man doing backflips at my local Walmart® still surrounds me.
 russellmbrown  petercoffin "Welcome to Walmart..."
 JustEric  VerumVulnero1  MMFlint's dream is to surgically remove his legs and attach his blubbery torso to a Walmart powered shopping cart.
 WalmartAction  Generalmotors Heavily considering spending & with GM and Walmart (needs to sell less crap from China)
hi guys yesterday i took a dump in the street and i being silly at walmart but it just a joke
 chigginb963 We're very sorry for the difficulty you had with calling our store, but we're glad that you were able to get through. -Zoe
Got an interview at Walmart o: Lmao
Free Walmart Gift Card & Farm Rich Coupon Giveaway 

Read more:  affiliate
 Walmart Walmart Supercenter, 2500 Forest Hills Rd W Wilson, NC
everyone enjoys to take poops at Walmart.
Where was that at last week. I paid 60  in uber to go to Walmart.
Sitting in the parking lot of Walmart can't believe some of the things I'm looking at imma share with you 5... 
 NegativeNub More manufacturing jobs in the US will definitely bring higher prices at the store. Wonder why  Walmart is cheap?  ZacharyMire
 SimoneeRey SAME😂 If you're ever short on money a really good cheap on is the fit me foundation by maybelline. It's like  6's at Walmart.👌🏻
Daddy Yankee’s “Shaky, Shaky,” might not have been the best choice of song for Walmart’s latest commercial… 
So I ordered one board and got 5 (the fifth one is in the background)  Walmart what on earth is this nonsense 
Transform the look of your couch or bed with pretty pillows. None of these options costs more than  13.50!… 
When your looking at makeup at Walmart and somebody comes up and asks you what foundation you use because your makeup is on point 😊
 LucasCruikshank Is that legal, drinking Walmart out of a Starbuck's mug? :p
Walmart is low key a trap! Lol 
Heading to walmart to do some grocery shopping. Also need some more plastic totes so I can organize all this con stock lol
You know you need a haircut when the cashier at Bangor Walmart tells you "Suhhhhh dude."
 Walmart you guys better pick it up because  amazon ain't playing around.  takeover
In case you're wondering where...👉 Walmart! 
 EmmaWatson Walmart sucks, the employees there are stupid and pretentious.
 TearsInHeaven09  danletterman Krap-Mart bankrupt, closes stores.  Uses   to hostile TO Sears, Walmart of its time. Didn't see this coming?!
The  winter Beauty Box is here and only  5 (while supplies last) so order... by  FirstTimeMomMN via  c0nvey
 Bass_Wakil  TolarianCollege Or attend official events, run by these stores anyways (unless you're target or walmart I guess).
 CricketSupport I really don't want to have to buy a refill card from walmart to activate my account and add the card later, but I might.
drove this beauty to walmart & only stalled out once😂😂 doing better 💁🏼 LMAO 
 lvalenzuelaaa69 dolllar store by Walmart & GameStop
This guy just came up to me at Walmart and asked me if I was single. I said no then he started laughing and said," Sorry I just HAD to ask."
 MPoncejr24  Walmart lol stupid.
Dead A F  josephtbradley snap to me: "I'm out of coffee, so I need you to bring me some. The kind at Walmart is for poor people." 😂💀😂☕️
I put my stuff in a random cart at Walmart and this employee comes up and tells me that's her cart...
MORE JOBS REAL JOBS

But when I go Walmart they ass gone be up
CHANEL vs WALMART 
😉😂😂💁 
Meanwhile at Walmart.   😂😁😳.  She asked me if I could smell the… 
 Jimmyking35 maybe not dollar store but like Gwen is target pink is Walmart, still ok, but like Great Value brand
 M_AllyRaaae I'm at Walmart! Lol
One of the awful things about Tallahassee: Every Walmart in town is replaying the 2013 BCS game  wareagle 
[earlier] walmart south - female teen has pain on both sides
Walmart's secret free gas tricks revealed.. SHOCKING INFO DISCOVERED!!!!  Walmart… 
Employee of the Year?
 DoYourJob
 Walmart 
 xoxo_aleksandra you also shouldn't be charging people to do their makeup if one of the makeup brands you use is Walmart💀✋️
Carlos does not work in Walmart.. 
Buy a size or two bigger and save for next winter!

Couponing at Walmart: Winter Clothes Clearance… 
Trump touts ‘big stuff’: Walmart, Bayer, other major companies announce more American jobs 
Remember when Walmart had fish? — Yes  
Same thing happened to me at Walmart. He was selling something. I told him to give it to someone else, but here... 
Walmart is so sus but they got the cheap beer
 jescanal04 walmart
 2.00/1 Pampers Baby Dry Diapers Coupon! ONLY  6.97 at Walmart! -… 
 JillianMcLeod05  Walmart no problem Jillian! :) I understand.
Gym, Walmart, Mall, homework. Game plan.
My mom's extraness on 100 rn for making me go to walmart to return an item she got for  3
Walmart's order grocery's online & pick them up is a game changer. I don't even have to get out of my car 🤘🏻
 NathanBush5 I just saw a crack head version of you at Walmart
 Walmart has just been hit with a class action over injuries allegedly caused by the assembly of its bicycles. READ: 
Gotta go all the way to Walmart for a scientific calculator 😭😅
If you are looking for winter boots in any size but a 7. Don't bother going to Walmart polo park.
This is a great post showing the convenience of online grocery shopping at Walmart Canada and where delivery takes p…
"If I wanted a girlfriend I could have one" OKAY COCKY LITTLE BOY IN WALMART
Welll, today I took the wrong bus and ended up at Walmart which is off campus lolol
 jobourne True conservatives buy their pots from China-Walmart, they don't MAKE them, sheesh!
Getting eggs. A little girl ran up and asked me when they would hatch. Can't stop laughing. (  Walmart Supercenter) 
 Retiredggmom  ChristiChat  LindaSuhler  ACTBrigitte when you see all the refugee's working at walmart.remember they are gov subsidized.  MN
ThankU General Motors &Walmart 4Starting the Big Jobs PUSH Back in2 the U.S.! This is Great, ThankU… 
shit i lost holly in walmart
walmart has the cutest koala bear stuffed animal and i'm gonna get a job just to buy it
I need to go to Walmart but I'm so hungry I'm afraid I'll end up buying food.
 jedigangster Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
 IamSUG007 Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
New Printable Coupon For Kettle Chips And Walmart Matchups! 
 b_cgriffin  Walmart Lol!! Yes but someone else should have taken over
Shoutout to my girl cashiern' at the Walmart  paigeywaigeeyy
 wghenwood  dcexaminer the cheapest that why Walmart is so big
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 30 Points! WOO HOO!!
 sea_lawn my class starts in less than an hour and I just got home from Walmart after buying my notebook and pens 😂
 TML691  Walmart Thanks Dylan appreciate it normally I'm not one to complain but so frustrating
Does your lady eat leftovers?  WalmartLog  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
 JillianMcLeod05  Walmart   Maybe that was better than the alternative 😜
bro can someone start some ruckus in walmart or something so i can go home
A West Virginia man has been charged with a uniquely perverse form of sexual assault... 
Walked by this couple in Walmart and the guy turned to look at me and his girl smack him on the head Lol I knew my outfit was on point today
Buying TOTY collectibles is damn near Walmart on Black Friday if not worse
"My mom just put money on my card so I'm being a rich bitch" *says Aricka as she walks out the door to go get folders from Walmart*
Walmart is poppin' cause they have the cheap gas lol
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
 JillianMcLeod05  Walmart I wouldn't either!
 MGea0 I'll check if they have it in walmart here :-) thank you
 Clanfanstu  coffinkitten Oh we have Walmart alright. They're everywhere. I also work at one.
I just shoplifted but caught myself... at Walmart 
Walmart sells MK on 
 TML691  Walmart Yes a few I wasn't impressed
 black sex dates nude walmart chicks 
 JillianMcLeod05  Walmart any frozen stuff?
I own four lunch boxes and I brought my lunch today in a Walmart bag 🙃
I demand  Walmart to stop carrying fish in their stores if they refuse to take care of them properly. Seen this one… 
Get a  250.00 Walmart Gift Card for Home Supplies with this Home - St. Louis Lot Model Only wac.

This... 
 Walmart please go cage-free in Mexico! Both people and chickens suffer due to battery cages,  neilashe.  Walmart  WalmartDoubleStandards
Walmart run with my main man! 😘 
If WalMart is lowering prices every day how come nothing is free yet?!  quotes  quote 
 TML691  Walmart It was crazy...I sat there & waited with a whole bunch of groceries waiting for her to get back
 Zelda Breath of the Wild  amiibo back up on Walmart! Link: 
just heard soulja boy's diss track to 50 cent & i'm about to go to Walmart & shake all the boxes of premade taco shells
Walmart: Winter Beauty Box for  5 Shipped! via Passionate Penny Pincher - is offering ... 
walmart really thinks i give a fuck if they succeed, huh?
 JillianMcLeod05  Walmart dammit Walmart! Lol
Walking in Walmart with my Walmart leggings on. 💅🏽
Oh and maybe not wait in Walmart parking lot for half an hour
 GoonProdigy  KarimHDBIL bruh it's like 20  at Walmart 😑
Hostage negotiator:Jesus what do you want?!

Me:(holding a gallon of milk at Walmart) The Oreos don't stop until the milk is gone, capisce?
socialjusticeinamerica:Walmart and the Walton foundation... 
I've been wandering around Walmart for the past 40 minutes because I don't feel like going home
 LewisV5  _urcaaaaa I just got a place by the Walmart in san clem.
i neeeed a beauty blender but walmart gmfu dique 7 cash for a sponge yeah bye
 Gasper_Tanner You should riot... loot a Walmart
The People of Walmart are two steps ahead of her. Sweatpants been stylin 
Then had no idea how to bag groceries dropped things on the floor I had to bag most of them myself  Walmart usually shop here but was awful
 the_forger Coming soon to Walmart.
Just Days Before Inauguration, Walmart Makes Unexpected Trump Announcement 
 Walmart your guys' customer service fucking blows in the Lancaster location. Thanks
 carterthememer is walmart any better
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Roanoke, VA 
. Walmart relaunches app to let buyers scan items while shopping & skip checkout lane  TechTimes_News
Not a great experience at the Richmond Hill location  Walmart the cashier left to go to the washroom in the middle of my transaction...con't
 Walmart to Create 10,000  Jobs, Invest  6.8 Billion in US via  IndustryWeek 
Save On Fitness Tanks! 
Need a ride to Walmart 😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Etters, PA 
 tierneybeav1 Walmart.ca
 ImSuperDope_  Walmart Lol the nicest walmart I've been in had an escalator that went down underground to Sam's Club😂
The guy in front of me at Walmart in the self checkout line stole 112  worth of gift cards 🙊😂 wtfffff
Sand Diego sports bars might need this next season,   BluesBrothers  BillPlaschke 
Anyone who saw me in Walmart today could have easily thought I was pregnant or hungover with my grocery choices.  SpoonieProblems
I despise the fucking monkeys working at Walmart. Why do they think it's alright to finish your conversation before you ring my shit up?
Getting me some gym shoes so I can go workout even if they gotta b from Walmart
 samiabels Walmart for sure lol
 kccpiggy day one and it's already been to Walmart and Posner Park!
 realDonaldTrump Tell Walmart start paying their senior employees a fair wage
got my frickin walmart discount card!!!!!! so excited!!!!!! ugh!!!!
 carterthememer NO
HE STREAMED UP TO WALMART AND THEN STOPPED BEFORE THE BEST DAMN PART OF THE GAME

S M H
I’m at Walmart!  
Had an adventure today. Went against my better judgement and visited a Walmart. Because rumors.
I liked a  YouTube video from  johnflickster LATE NIGHT - Stealing Batman at WALMART
BLU   Walmart Wichita Falls - Greenbriar Rd 
Daily fights mostly in pajamas at Walmart in Beech Grove, IN.   TimeToMove
Walmart better be in there
 chupy_borba  TueborFrog  KateBlackDC  PPact Where the hell are you buying them? Not Walmart
WALMART 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Saint Cloud, FL 
 Walmart to Invest  6.8B for  EconomicDevelopment, 34,000 New Jobs  siteselection  retail… 
 TheDuckyyB figures the one time I didn't go to Walmart lol
Another family is being helped tonight with items donated. Thank you for all your support to Twitter friends, and local Walmart 😃💙
 waywardnerd Swear I saw this DVD at Walmart a half hour ago! What I DIDN'T see: a Season 2 DVD for  12Monkeys supposed to be released today
Lemme get up I gotta go to Walmart
Sad to say but I was missing Walmart today 😂
Walmart General Merchandise 24 Pallet Special - 
 t_gutierrez11 near Walmart don't know the name
 RhiannamD BITCH NO. Walmart India love. My heart. I see the resemblance because of the angular jaw pero..... wtf.....
looks like the walmart version of justin's merch. nice 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 295 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 1/18/2017 5:31:05 PM
I asked jon to pick me up a top coat while he's at Walmart and now I'm scared to see what he brings me lol
Milo Chocolate Flavored Nutritional Energy Drink 8fl oz  [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  CricketRewards Download today!  
 Kylolis lmao! I got it at Walmart of all places. It also said "exclusive flavor" on it or some shit.
WALMART-SOCKS-BRAS-UNDERWEAR- BOXER & CLOTHES PALLETS - 
Walmart has upgraded their music 👌👌👌👌 The 1975 is on
 realDonaldTrump You do know WalMart sells mostly good made outside the U.S. right?
LastChanceEbay: 2016 NEW HOT WHEELS Walmart Exclusive Ghostbusters Full Set 8 Cars Ecto 1   ebay  deals  toys  gam…
Her sole purpose would be to steer federal funds to private schools. How long before we see Walmart running schools 

Did y'all know Walmart sells Jordans?
Value-based care is here to stay! Great article from our CEO, Jamo Rubin, MD. 
they're playing.... the 1975.... in walmart........
 bryciibabii yay! walmart sold them for a minute but i can't find one anywhere now
GENTLEMAN: THIS AISLE SHOULD ALWAYS BE THE FIRST STOP AT UR LOCAL WALMART 💯 
Americans can go back to work!  what about walmart's fema camps! 
How you get fired and go to jail the same day ? Only at Walmart lol
When you cause Walmart drama lol
 ChristianBree25 We apologize. Did you let customer service at the store know so the problem could be addressed? -Zoe
HELLO PEOPLE I NEED YOUR HELP. What is a really good face moisturizer (like for super dry skin) I could get at Walmart or somewhere similar?
2016 NEW HOT WHEELS Walmart Exclusive Ghostbusters Full Set 8 Cars Ecto 1   ebay  deals  toys  games
 kaebruhh "Walmart India Love"
If u need me ill be gaming in walmart for 2 hours while my tire is getting fixed. Love my life 😍😍
Did you know you can get a FREE (well almost free) Walmart Beauty Box? You just sign up at... 
and it was on my way to walmart. i'm pissed
I always pick the worst line at Walmart, stuck behind a coupon person
 holdmy_crown Walmart
 courtneyonpoint  Walmart I agree! And work on collecting the shopping carts that are always all over the parking lot 🙄
Earl's is the best (at  Walmart Supercenter in Tyler, TX) 
How your know you're at a  walmart DC. You get a30 minute break, waiting in line to get in. 
Seeking 1 investor, NO BROKERS! Real Estate around WALMART home office. Contact me directly. 
WORK SMART!
myAppliances->Blacksauce Kitchen's Remington restaurant opens Thursday - Baltimore Sun…… 
 Just_KingV in the same plaza as Walmart
Enter to win a  500 Walmart Gift Card! Really simple entry!  Giveaway

CLICK -->> 
Walmart to add about 10000 retail jobs in the US - Fox News 
 aubreysitterson definitely check those out. You can find stuff at Walmart usually. No need for gnc or wherever
 Waazzupppp We're glad to hear that you're enjoying Shipping Pass! Thanks for being a valued customer. -Zoe
Just an hour and a half until the stream starts! I might be a little late, need to get pins at walmart! Hope to… 
When your stuck in line at Walmart behind the person that wants to "negotiate" the prices with the cashier.  I pick that line.
 CarsonSimoneaux  Walmart they need to fire everyone & do a complete re-staffing with people that actually want to work
 violetstirling we have Coles, but it's not like Walmart.
 swathynairxx  EzekielElliott which walmart and what time
Danskin Now Women's Active Performance Tank for  5 + pickup at Walmart

So when I walked out of Walmart, i told the security man that I saw him stealing! 💅🏽💅🏽💅🏽💅🏽
 Walmart plans to cut 1,000 corporate jobs at the end of January.  retailnews  walmart 
who is this walmart wanna be brett 
Walmart offers cheap birth control. NINE DOLLARS for 28 day supply..  PriceIsRight cc:  PriceIsWrong… 
GOOD Food: Big Businesses Are Finally Cracking The Food Desert Crisis 1-17-17 via  Diigo
In Walmart and this man asked me what Im mixed with...i told him nothing...He said "because u are so beautiful" I TOOK THAT AS AN INSULT! 😡😡
Black women are so beautiful....Not you loud mouth cigarette smoking pajama wearing heffas in Walmart. BLACK WOMEN!
I pray my BestFriend get this airport job I need her as FAR AWAY ! From Walmart 🚮🚯🙄
My baby sister (18) was just hit on by an old guy in a purple suit, at Walmart, in a remote town. She hid in the bathroom for 15 minutes 😶😂
 abbylynn_r  loganjb99 Abby go to Walmart.. U know the rest
stop flexin, you was just stealin shit at walmart like an hour ago 
 Valentines  Gifts Walmart 100th anniversary of the  TeddyBear with coffee mug  Valentine… 
 RoseEllenDix is asda more like a Target or a Walmart?
According to a new note published by Oppenheimer this week, Amazon's lead in the mobile shopping space is growing by…
Just purchased this guy on Now I wait! XD 
 TripleForged dude. What. Some guy just got out of his car in the  walmart parking lot and put on a fucking  sweater Fuck that guy.
Walmart touts plans to add thousands of jobs in 2017 - The Washington Post ➜… 
When me and  _Kaleyyyy go to Walmart 
But really, why would  Walmart pharmacy do their job properly and fill my prescription when they were supposed to? You guys suck.
WALMART INSANITY | Crazy Oafish Ultra Blocks: via  YouTube
 urbanmythx We apologize for the delay. Did you find everything on your shopping list? -Zoe
Just went to Walmart and cleared up my preorder. It's now the appropriate price of  299
sexy mom on walmart xxx 
I liked a  YouTube video from  couponwithtoni Walmart Beauty Box | January 17, 2017 ~ Couponing With Toni
the stringtown road walmart parking lot still makes me laugh 😂
Survive the day with  belVitaBreakfast!  belVitaWalmart  ad 
Find a Walmart: 
Rebate:… 
The cart guy at Walmart looks like a heftier Dwight Schrute. Lol.
*goes to Walmart just to buy wine*
 HankJr This kid is pretty darn good. 
Just tried  walmartgrocery online order service! This thing rocks! So fast, convenient, and easy, I'm a new convert! Thanks  Walmart!!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Rocky Mount, NC 
Hey  walmart I'd like to shop here but can't anymore Stop selling all Lil' Hitler-related products.
I feel morally obligated to walk through the correct doors at Walmart
Spotted my dream girl at Walmart. She had a 24 pack of Miller Lite....and that was the only thing in her cart. Too bad she was 80
 BracketByte Not at every Toys "R" Us, yet but will get there. Walmart and Target should have them in a few weeks.
no. catch me at your local walmart asleep in the Ball Cage gripping onto my titties for dear life
Lmaoo I'm going everywhere drunk. Work = drunk. Walmart = drunk. 
I found you in Walmart girl😻  Zendaya 
Meninite woman watches me jerk off in Walmart parking lot in Belleville ontario 
 Walmart you that niggha that help a niggha see! Bless up uno self iyah
 JackkieMarrie Walmart lol
Walmart got me in the baby section and I aint even got a baby.
Quick Aussie lesson:
Woolies = Woolworths (grocery store)
Maccas = McDonald's (yes we do have it)
Coles = Coles (grocery store like Walmart)
Went to the mall now at the bank then Walmart then buffalo wild wings with my fiance :)
 GARNICA_78  GM  Walmart  Ford  Carrier  sprint 
That would be great. Just . Point is white privilege has never been where I am.✌
Dreading going to Walmart at these hours
Some guy in Walmart just told me how beautiful I was and then asked if I was married... what lmao such a shot place especially in jcity
 lynsquilts We're sorry to hear that there's an issue with the product. Please visit so we can help you. -Zoe
Want to make a donation?  hasnaa_islah found the best price on these hand warmers at Walmart -… 
So I just had a 30 second stare off w  EzekielElliott in the middle of Walmart, so that was the highlight of my day 😛
Don't go to Walmart saying that you "only need one thing." There's no such thing.
Just pushed two Walmart carts full of groceries through the snow to Taco Bell I can't😂😂😂😂😂
 PeyOlive  Walmart what in the actual fuck? Did you take that pic Peyton?
I feel like I have a sign that says "Will smash Hispanics" on my chest whenever I'm in Walmart.. I got money to make!! Dismissed!  curved
Walmart trips always turn into going over what you planed on spending 😂
"How much do pants at Walmart run?" Asked by a co-worker who had torn his pants during his shift. I replied, "not … 
Walmart really got stripper heels
 VexX_Graves  iThe_Dude /IAMTHEGREATEST - 
Walmart: Winter Beauty Box Just  5!


Pokemon Super Mystery Dungeon (3DS) ( 25.80 was  32.90)  Walmart - 
 SydneyDayReed Hinder is the Walmart version of nickelback
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 25 Points! WOO HOO!!
 VenessaN We're sorry to hear that the CD was missing. Please have her visit so we can help her resolve it. -Zoe
Walmart is still thinking old school. Wake the F up. :)
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 Marvinfcombs2  

The  GM  Walmart  Ford  Carrier  sprint Companies are supposedly bringing back 100'sK jobs.
we are officially 3weeks away from my six month anniversary   walmart so i'm going to make a thread and say one thing i love bout it a day:
 ReTweet  CleanWater  Unique Bargains Bathroom 31mm Male Thread Hot 
Guess who gets to take the 3 hour bus ride to and from Walmart tomorrow.....
Buy the real techniques sponges from Walmart. It's  13ish for 2 
Walmart got me wanting to get a snack at Mcds, redecorate my room, get my groceries done, I came for windshield wip… 
Was there a Frozen/TMNT crossover that I didn't hear about?   Walmart Jefferson City - Stadium… 
Dems HATE Walmart. They WANT Walmart stores to close. 
And a whole new shopping concept going forward. "WALMART, WHY SHOP?SPEND TIME ENJOYING LIFE"
 Jazwares Are they at every ToysRUs? When will they come into stores like walmart and Kmart?
Ben's Soft Pretzels grand opening Tuesday at Walmart via  newarkadvocate
I have a  30 JVC set that I got at WalMart.  safarilive
Juicy bebet goes to walmart
 burledixon23 they have great value knock off fudge mint cookies that taste just like thin mints   Walmart
Whipping at.... Outside of walmart 
I've just posted a new blog: walmart ammo 
I've been asking for someone to take me to walmart for 3 days and no one will take me SO GUESS WHOS WALKING AN HOUR TO WALMART TODAY
 TheSims Will  TS4Vampires be available at Walmart/Walmart Online?
 dreamboatqueen1  skoobish on that note, if you see any Funko stuff that's says Walmart exclusive, holler at me!
 CarlyleNuera's latest beauty,  Quinceanera  Barbie, was just spotted at  WalMart! She's STUNNING and a DEFINITE mu… 
"Did you know him from like walmart" 😂
Walmart trash
randomly ran into  stevewoz at Walmart... California is such a strange place!
i went to walmart and 
They say they have them in Harrisburg. I will check K-Mart, Walmart and Target this evening. If none, we can go with the sheet bags.
When Bezos was working on drones, Walmart corporate should have been working on drive thru pickup window.
Where can I get fresh fruit from? Walmart be having that trash!
Only one Walmart in KW carries Barq's root beer.  I am currently driving across town for  xo_reckless
There's not one time that I've been to Walmart & didn't park in expectant mother parking. 😭😭😭😭😭
Who wants to go to Walmart with me?!?
 OurQueerHaters Update: 
 dreamboatqueen1  skoobish and these 
 PrinceRoyce are you going to do the autographed CD for Walmart like you always do? 🤔
A new favorite: Demi Lovato - Give Your Heart A Break (Live Walmart Soundcheck) by  kelvyndefoe on  SoundCloud
 _ghxstmikey yams been at Walmart the whole time 😅 lol he not dead
so i dropped cash on the way outta walmart on my lunch break and i turned around and my ex was behind me
 TheBlackPuffin It's possible. 
Can't wait to splurge at Walmart later
Hey  GarrettSmithley look what I found in the  AsSeenOnTV section at  Walmart  GetFlexSeal 
It's here! Grab your copy of SURF'S UP 2: WAVEMANIA at Walmart and all other retail and digital platforms!… 
Why do people come to Walmart with sunglasses on? Are you in disguise? The things I will never know 🤔
"yikessss" 
(on the way home from walmart yesterday) 
(anD ALSO EW MY VOICE) 
 OlsenC21  StanceWhips bet I'll be waiting at walmart
"WalMart nuttier than squirrel turds" 

😂😂
All I wanted was to get a fish from Walmart... but well 
 laura_alcantar7 lol I was like I could have gotten a bunch cheap at Walmart 😂 & where are you going to school now?
I was walking around Walmart and some kid ran up to me and yelled "Worldstar nigga!" Umm, excuse me, what?!?!?!!!
36 Top Deals You Can’t Miss at Walmart This Week via Passionate Penny Pincher - Note that ... 
Never go to Walmart during move in week
Someone motivate me to take a shower & go to Walmart...
hot walmart girls pics 
 ayepapiaye THIS HOT BOY FROM WALMART WAS HITTINF ME UP BUT I STARTED DUBBIN CAUSE HE DEADASS ACTS LIKE A 10 YR OLD DESPITE BEINF BOOK SMART
 Starbucks the starbucks in my town never has bananas for smoothies can yall like step it up go to walmart or sum nigga
I'm so angry!! Sorry peeps, but I need to vent!! So I went to WALMART to get some stuff. I noticed this lady was... 
Sitting between vacuum cleaners on a low shelf at Walmart waiting for a cash transfer from my parents because I am so good at life choices.
 donna_grant got this at Walmart 💞 
i just saw a guy leave walmart with nothing but a big box of s'mores poptarts in his buggy. me too dude
[70909] The LEGO Batman Movie - Batcave Break-in is on sale for  69.99 (30% off from reg. 99.99) 
just saw the cutest little 3-year old boy in WalMart and he waved to me. 😍😩  babyfever
 dreamboatqueen1  skoobish the line is called Pint Size Heroes, and both Walmart and Walgreens get exclusives for the Power Ranger ones
Yo wtf fr imma start buying Walmart brand caramel delights 
 I am very proud of  CengageLearning
Vons (Safeway) Coupon Match Ups + Printable Shopping List via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
 beemovie_fan  Dr_Snekindekin yes baby but I prefer Blue bell, I don't think they have it anymore. But other brands got it   like Walmart
 brentjones4 College Corner in Madison still not carrying USM clothing. Academy Sports and Dicks very little and Walmart none fyi.
Customers love the idea of Walmart of the future. Be bold corporate. Dont be stodgy.
 softyixingstan this is like the Walmart version of that vine of markjin
Currently hiding from Keith in Walmart(I'm 7)  bc he left me stranded with the cart and didn't tell me where he was going like a penis hole
Walmart Pharmacy Reno - 24 Hour Pharmacy Rite Aid - Callen Lorde Pharmacy - 1,868 Completed ORDERS Today! 
 wildgatos okay I'm omw back from walmart I'll be there in a couple minutes
so we was checking out at walmart and the cashier started talking to me about dragon ball z like i knew what it was 😂😂
 Misspreach is the co op like a grocery store or like Walmart here in the states?
Grammys to Junos, Walmart to Zellers, now Trump to O'Leary? MUST we always have a cheap cdn knockoff for everything? 😂
going from michelle to this is really like going from gucci to walmart 
 bkgut3  Walmart  UPS  WEConnection supporters I assume thx
 Walmart being in ur store makes me want to kill myself
just a basic ass starbucks cup but walmart tea bish 
 krispykreme We're ALL waiting 4 you to open a new store by Walmart & Cabelas at US-41 & I-80/94 by 2 US major highways in Hammond Indiana
I ask Target for a discount, walmart, the grocery store, rite-aid, cvs, walgreens you name ittttttttttttttt😭😂I aint paying full price
 Walmart archer rd Walmart really needs to get it together!!! 
 zoieburgher IF U REPLY R FOLLOW ME. ILL POST A VIDEO ON TWITTER RUNNING IN WALMART NAKED
Jalynn S. of Peoria, AZ  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
Every time I go to Walmart to get a few things, I end up spending way more than planned🙄
Some dude in Walmart parking lot just waved at me with a stuffed animal through his windshield...idk how to feel about it
Why did Walmart just commit to a massive hiring spree? via  AGBeat  chicago  realestate
Why did Walmart just commit to a massive hiring spree? via  AGBeat
Cute foster_grant_sunglasses in stores now!  10 🙌🏻  whoawaitwalmart  walmart  fostergrant  sunnies 
 TimeToMove when  BeckyKilled shoplifts the local walmart.. again.
You know I'm getting it from Walmart or something though. 
GO GET SOME SHIT AT WALMART!! OK???
me sneaking around Walmart for now on since I decided to dub on that cashier 
Goldman Sachs purchases Bethany Town Center at 35th Avenue & Bethany Home Road in Phoenix for  41.3M 
Time to head to Walmart then get my brat though
 Walmart Store in Cedar Park TX (Whitestone blvd) has had the same truck and travel trailer parked for over a month. Is that allowed?
Super duper happy that Walmart now sells these, but sad about price. I used to get them in richmond for half the pr… 
I need to go run to Walmart and get the patties to make these burgers 🍔
Walmart fired you? 
 Progresso Light Chicken Noodle Soup from  Walmart improvised with Spinach & Rice... by  coastone via  c0nvey
CEM Update: Walmart Anchored Shopping Center in Phoenix Sells for  41.3M 
This grown man is in front of me at Walmart debating with the clerk of which pack of yu-gi-oh cards to get lmao
It's amazing how target and Walmart essentially sell the same things yet target is so nice and clean while Walmart is always a zoo.
Finally made it to Walmart.
There's a really cute guy in Walmart but his hair is just......
 irvingd  firstwefeast those look like some frozen fries from Walmart
You already used my Walmart radio, text song request idea and its fab addition to stores. That was free. This futuristic idea pay a bitch.
Hello Walmart version of me
 realDonaldTrump That boy hasn't got the sense God gave a turnip. Let him go scrub toilets, and greet people at Walmart for a few days
Men roll dead deer into Walmart in a shopping cart via  wqad
WALMART IS PLAYING *NSYNC RIGHT NOWWWWWWWW
Walmart need to hurry up with this oil change. 😒
I know people that can not get a job at WalMart even thou they haven't been  arrested in 20 years and have been drug tested and passed.
Me scape this real injun eh
Warm up now in van   Walmart Yakima - W Nob Hill Blvd 
The faces I use to make at Walmart 😂😂 
 amywrdn Wally the Wandering Wallaby and His Adventures in Walmart
 mitchellvii  BreitbartNews Walmart has openings I heard.
 TripleForged it's 79 in my apartment. Going to  Walmart to get ice. Going to lay it around me like a  nest
There wasn't a link for "Country Grammer" ... had to go to Best Buy, Target, FYE, Walmart and buy that SHIT
Walmart Neighborhood Market on  Yelp: I really like this store.  The employees are helpful and friendly.  When I as… 
 dannygokey  Target Wish we had a Target closer. Maybe  Walmart  will have it.
CHANEL VS WALMART 
 true_pundit walmart needs to stop selling that cheap worthless chinese shit.
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
 ForecasterEnten I recently found a Carly Fiorina bumper sticker on the floor of a local Walmart
I want to just lay down and let the countless germs of this Walmart floor take me
Gualmar instead of Walmart 
    Walmart Gift Card Deals - A Best Way to Save at Walmart via  YouTube
Whenever i'm in the auto section at walmart i feel like such a man, but then i realize i have no clue how any of this works
When you tell a city boy it takes more than a Walmart cowboy hat to impress you 
Pizza pretzels and Caesar salad. All under 500 calories! Thanks Walmart!  healthyeating… 
REDBoeingRN 12 INCH INDIVIDUAL STEER STICK  [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
Blonde I Upskirted In Walmart 
WALMART, you owe me 3 mil for that idea. Genius aint free. :)
GREAT AGAIN: Walmart to Create 10,000 Retail Jobs, 24,000 Construction Jobs  TruePundit 
 DidYouKnow ? We have 18  Walmart Show rooms, throughout Ohio, Kentucky, & Indiana.  IHRInfo
 Walmart I have no smile for your company just disillusionment.
Walmart you suck.
I just wan go Walmart yinno
Walmart: Softsoap Body Wash Only  2.22! 
Noor Salman failed 4 lie detector tests,supported IS on social media,misled cops. 6 others may face charges(family?) 
Passed a couple of Cube cars on the I-state & now I see a few more in walmart parking lot. What gives?
Walmart Worker Turns In  350 He Found In Parking Lot--His Good Deed Ends Up Costing Him His Job.
 wtf  wrong

 realDonaldTrump Wal-Mart, General Motors reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks via  Reuters  realnews
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dayton, OH 
I wanna go to Walmart 🤔
Meanwhile, folks can't get hired at Walmart for smoking weed. SMH 
Dumbbell Set For Tone Fitness

Go pick up some  WeightWatchers Light String Cheese at  Walmart for cheesy snacks!   ad… 
I don't watch reality tv I work at Walmart I get drama daily 😒🍸🍸🍸 
This is why there is always ridiculous lines at  Walmart . Why is there a baby behind the service counter  Walmart… 
 Valentine  Gift Walmart 100th anniversary of the  TeddyBear with coffee mug  Valentines… 
Someone please tell me why I just saw  EzekielElliott in Walmart, tried to get his attention to get a picture, and got ignored😅
 walmart I'll bet you would fire a baker that didn't bake a cake. But refuse to serve a police officer--that's commendable behavior! NWTRAR!
 AriRoseee  NIGNORAMUS cashiers at Walmart used to think it was sweet that I was doing it The two most important females ask u do, simple
The only reason Walmart has 40 cashiers per store on salary is because you havent figured out the magical solution. :)
 LewissTechYT how did you not fall asleep trying to get your  100 Walmart voucher? 😴😴😴
In this Walmart tired asf 
The front of Walmart h street like a let out.
Walmart Gift Card Deals - A Best Way to Save at Walmart via  YouTube
Soj who is the genius that thou;ht it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
Need to go to Walmart but I seriously hate driving anymore lol
hey mom  iamfrancaa please theres not many left :( 
Thanks Walmart. 
 dar1o just shot my local walmart up
is it possible to go to walmart and NOT get your car shit on by seagulls ?
 bedazzletravels  whole30  Tessemaes  Walmart
Chocolate coating the top of your dressing bottle doesn't improve the flavor.
Can't go to Walmart in Tampa without someone begging for money 😂
 AVermillionFox  SignBeetle If it's a local mom-and-pop store than maybe I could see that being a thing, but not for Walmart or similar.
Boy I bought a box of fruit roll ups last night from Walmart. Tell me why there's only 4/10 in the box. 😂 I paid  2 for an "empty" box😒😒
 Katiecoffman03 haha had to wrap a Walmart bag around my head because I do not do rain 🤷🏻‍♀️
Adulting means you realize you can get 60 frozen chicken nuggets at Walmart for  3 instead of 5 at McDonald's for  3 lol
 trewwi broke ass boy wearing them Walmart clothes bet that hoodie you got on was a hand me down from your older brother 😂😂
😂 bitch got her wardrobe from Walmart
You could even have a Walmart drive thru area. Customers pickup their prepaid weekly order and wahhla off they go. They dont enter store.
canes is hiring by walmart 
Horseback riding today..Wind blowing my hair, was a pretty good ride!! Until I ran out of quarters n the Walmart greeter kicked me out :d
Funko DORBZ Teen Titans Go Raven Walmart Exclusive
 funko  funkodorbz  dorbz  funkopop… 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart a
 one_kandy_onlii We're sorry to hear about the Cheetos shortage. We can check another store for you if you provide the zip code. -Zoe
 EvilMcNinja  Walmart Haha where I live it's a daily occurrence!  Quite sad actually. Lmao.
im not gna lie when i first started mca i only made  1000 a week but that WAY better then working in walmart for  7.75/hr!
do they sell privacy screen protectors at walmart
walmart females topless 
 inmatemd And we already have "socialism" in this country. We give massive subsidies to corporations (walmart)
Shopping
White trash-Dollar General
Middle class- Walmart 
3/4 class-Target
High Class-Whole foods coop
Angela S. of Houston, TX  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
i just literally ran into ezekiel elliot in walmart..... no i'm not okay lol
myAppliances->Brim Kitchen + Brewery to open: 5 things to know (photos, video) -…… 
Our little trip to Walmart last night, you could say he loved the balloon I got for him.😂 
 Walmart fosom USB webcam with flexible neck stand,5.0 map,with mic for 7 something on Christmas and now says 1439 and it won't see order ?
I'm so confused of what ur doing at Walmart lol  RomanAtwood  _little_britt_  when will u be able to announce what ur doin??? I'm curious 🤔
 realDonaldTrump maybe you could get Walmart to pay a decent wage so their workers don't have to GET FOOD STAMPS FOR CHRIST SAKE!
+ Walmart + cvs\walgreens hair isle 
When did they start selling miche cups at Walmart? 😍😍😍
 realDonaldTrump Walmart jobs, awesome. Food Stamps and kick rocks healthcare still come with those?
 CaptainSparx a new burger place opened up by Walmart that I think you'd like
Discussing  Brexit  Davos  wef17 with  usa friend: "God, I love Theresa May, I can now go t  Harrods and it's cheaper than  Walmart"
Whenever these folks get here we def gotta go to Walmart
Do you think the Obamas went down to the local Walmart to see if they had any spare cardboard boxes for packing?  obamafarwell
5 Time Saving Kitchen Hacks for a Healthier You
  MyLittleWins  ad  Walmart... by  ParentingPatch via  c0nvey
 Lxllyp_ get a visa card from like best buy or walmart, even safeway has them!
Today, an old man literally backed into me with his truck while I was walking in a Walmart parking lot  HappyWednesday
The other night I saw my dad at Walmart right after too & I know he smelt me, he knew why I was keeping my distance.. 😂
If you're in Walmart and you don't hear anyone threaten to beat their children are u really in Walmart
This stranger at Walmart walked up to me and said I should try modeling and all I said was okay and walked away 💀
I ignore people in Walmart like it's my job
I'm still giggling at this from yesterday
So let me share
Just exited truck, walking through Walmart 
parking lot... 
Danskin Now Women's Active Performance Tank for  5 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Walmart I order a foam USB webcam with flexible stand and mic and I ordered it with a walmart card on the and now it says idk WTF
Five_StarTech: Walmart gift cards can be used to launch a denial of service attack! Are you safe?  WeAreFiveStar  … 
 CounterMoonbat hear Walmart wants to copyright tagline "Gitmo for your Money"
Dude just passed walked passed me in walmart smelling like a pound of onions 😷
Why does Walmart smell like one giant fart right now
en walmart
People who enter through exits at Walmart will be the first to die in the apocalypse
i was at walmart when tally hall was on tree town sound
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Alexandria, KY 
My drive to Walmart🗻💕 
A car backed into me as I was walking in the Walmart parking lot that's how my day is going
 hennigays i disagree  godbrev is the walmart version of majestic edits
 maddieeej32  Walgreens  Walmart  riteaid dude fuck off
Walmart perhaps bought the wrong company. 
Walmart Winter Beauty Box Only  5.00 Shipped! 
CREEP IN WALMART
Just got 3 pair of headphones from Walmart for  30. 😊
 Jazwares  CalwinaRBLX  phoaxxx Yay I have a walmart in my town xD No Toys r Us or Target sadly :(
 BEFlTMOTlVATION  MemeSuppIier  AlphaAcessories 
You can make those with a kids' bracelet-making set from Walmart. 😑Beads & string.
 amz_bro  alexisclairefit  freeyoursoulfit it's a ways a way but we have Sams and Walmart and schnucks and stuff
 CalwinaRBLX  phoaxxx Walmart and Target should have them in a few weeks.
 andendall Another reason why I only go to  Costco NO MORE  Walmart and  SamsClub for me. The Walton's have enough    .
Love how  ottawahealth lists Trainyards in this  metronews articleas a "food desert" with a Walmart & Farm Boy there

 DrewMcWeeny Walmart, man.
 LuCKyy_and_BW if blaming anyone, blame the place the gave the haircut, not Walmart. All that Walmart did was lease them the space.
Why do I always find my way to Walmart or Whole Foods ? 😭
One line that's worst then a walmart line is a Victoria secret or forever 21 line
 Friday13thGame is this game coming to gamestop and Walmart
 xoAlexaRe what!? I looked around everywhere at Walmart but settled for normal oranges. Life is a lie
Walmart gift cards can be used to launch a denial of service attack! Are you safe?  WeAreFiveStar  CAL17… 
 Softd00m The Walton family, heirs to the walmart fortune?
 MakaylaCloudd don't you remember when Walmart used to sell like all kids of different kinds of fish?
I know stores like impulse buying and customers walking to see new products, but the goal shld be bird in the hand Walmart.
Anyone want an  8.99 haircut from Walmart :-) 
Will  Walmart's increased pressure on suppliers affect you? Here's some advice from one of our Co-Founders:… 
 kkmurphy  co_rapunzel4  LeahRBoss  montanamusher7  No_Idteaots at Walmart it's  60 per pill after insurance.  Good try though.
Why doesn't the Walmart in verm carry face masks v upset
 AnthonyMontalvo oh fuck that. It was 62 in my apartment last weekend and I went to Walmart to buy sweatpants.
The two worst sections to shop in Walmart are the crafts and the electronics for me because I can't decide on ANYTHING...
 10 Walmart giveaway - Expires tonight

I dreamt  pewdiepie drove me to Walmart in a yellow hummer to get a pool chair with his face on it and he showed me his Brittany Spears cds
I just seen a Walmart employee lick his vape juice bottle several times. 🤢😶
Walmart with my service dog;) 
Walmart photo shoot (pc huntersilass)  lazyeyes   Walmart Neighborhood Market Gresham 
 chantee94  regular supermarkets & Walmart too. I usually get mines of Amazon bc I have trouble finding it in my area
Watch "Conspiracy Theory" on Amazon and DVD at Walmart with music from  lazerhawkmusic  aliens  movie  werenotalone


STANLEY R. of Weston, FL  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
I am soak n wet lol I had to take my shirt off and walk through Walmart 😂😂😂
"perfume will burn the hell out ya pussy"

-random black lady at walmart
 cheata girls nude nude walmart chicks 
EEOC Sues  Walmart for Discriminating Against Employee with Intellectual Disability  EEOCNews  EEOC  discrimination
Walmart really is full of weirdos I gotta quit
 eliainfp indeed. I would have helped her in a heart beat. i hate websites like "people of walmart." so cruel and unnecessary.
An old, Asian cashier at Walmart just hit on me while I was SELF CHECKING OUT.... I feel so violated
 Z_Dobbins Rally's is the same thing but I think they all closed down 😞😞I used to go to the one by Walmart
Walmart to create 34,000 new jobs in the US  us 
I wanna know why  Walmart is slacking on stocking up hot cheetos with lime😡
Avocados at Walmart are either all over ripe or hard af. There is never an in between :/
Walmart, GM, Amazon Develop Plans to Create Jobs in U.S. 
 Walmart I'm really sorry
Mann I just went to Walmart & bought some milk, got back to the house & opened it, the date say Jan. 31st. That shit spoiled af.
Wow thank you so much for whistling at me. guy in Walmart. I've never felt more beautiful.
 Qu3ntin0_ebooks hello Bot do you like apps? Do you want to watch adverts for apps, rank and share them for    , cosco, Walmart vouchers?
 Walmart I guess the lesson is:if the item says it is sold and shipped by a 3rd party-don't buy it.They won't back these customer's order
Im not talking about having them delivered from Walmart headquarters. Im saying local shopping service. U pickup.
Just took a nap at a Walmart because why not
 Rumor26  Walmart OK. As soon as I find a store that sells quality ammunition, dog food, and printer ink cheaper...
Free at Walmart 
this nigga is literally the Walmart version of me
 MogKnight if i had any, i would. of course, with the servers down i  could walk to walmart and get you some
 askhotdogboy would u eat veggie hot dogs?? (  walmart they're bomb af)
Cops seek woman suspected in series of groping incidents at  Vacaville Walmart,  JennaJourno reports 
 BarackObama is an endless topping pizza from your hometown joint.  realDonaldTrump is a  1 pizza "with real cheese" from  Walmart...
maybe now they'll have more than 3 registers open ⚡ Walmart is adding 10,000 jobs


I just accidentally stole floam from Walmart what do I do IT WAS AN ACCIDENT
 Walmart I've spent more time in the checkout line than I have shopping. Only five cashiers?!
Walmart also should offer a service where customers call in their groceries and then theyre waiting for them. Charge 8 dollars.
"aww have you guys been on a date yet?"
"i followed him to walmart last week..."
If I don't get to eat my food because mfs wanna take all day in Walmart Ima be PISSED
Whooooi. Get Ultra Protection and Value with Huggies® Snug & Dry Ultra at Walmart!  HuggiesUltraWalmart  Sponsored: 
 _Mr_Polo_ ikr all up in Walmart like it's the mall
Our Elf got a girlfriend. I wanted an ethnically diverse romance, but they were all out of "brown-eyed" girl elves.… 
Vintage, well preserved weave for sale.  30 obo, meet in Walmart parking lot next to the homeless guy who lives in… 
Just talked to the nicest greeter I've ever met at Walmart. He just made my whole day 😫🙌🏼
I Really Want Some Ice Cream 😒But Only Walmart Sell It 😩
 WeKeepItPimpinP Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
applied at Walmart said i knew red yellow and maybe blue. didn't get the job
 MatttMSI Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
 weephil56 Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
Pretty impressed with  Walmart online right now. "Free Standard Delivery" meant Friday (2 days) on my order - so long Amazon Prime!
Making Time for Yourself Daily with  indelight One Touch Latte coming to  Walmart soon!

almost 5, not sure if the herd is crushing walmart right now or not
Sunbelt Chewy Granola Bars at Walmart for  .45 with Coupon 

See deal:  affiliate
I truly believe  Walmart prides themselves on how slow their eomployees are,oh and they stand around talking rather than helping customers👌🏽
Rumor has it that they're at Walmart...if it's true, there went my gainz 😟😒😍😍  sweettoothprobz… 
I saw Gordon at Walmart getting apples 😂😂😂 he looked so sad  ayylmao2162
Walmart employees qualify for Medicaid because their insurance is so inadequate; what will you do about that Mr Tru… 
 WalkinsWelcome!📍17535 Airline Hwy. in Prairieville right next door to Walmart. ☎️(225)677-7088… 
This just happened. Next to GNC by Walmart. 😫 
EEOC Sues Walmart for Discriminating Against Employee with Intellectual Disability
Pre-ordena tu Nintendo Switch en Walmart! 
YES THANK U WALMART FOR SOLVING ALL THE WORLDS PROBLEMS. BIG BOX STORES ROCK! Piece of shit. 
 chantee94  vitamin_kai  FlightToBrizill I know it's available at walmart!
 karenhunter  Dr_Heavenly Listerine Essential Care toothpaste found at Walmart. WHO KNEW?
quick story time- I went to Walmart to get some new... — Lmao what the fuck 
Walmart you cant hide your .22 ammo from me forever
"My biggest fear is going to Walmart by myself..." 
-Taylor Deaton 😂
And you need to run a damn commercial about it too showing senior citizens saying "At Walmart, now I dont have to wait long in line."
I goto Walmart everyday smh
Had a kid today ask me if I got my yeezys from Walmart, boy did he look stupid. 
loading groceries into my car at walmart and some guy wearing a yoda backpack rode by on his motorcycle and told me he liked my hair www
 DeanNoelMullen You're welcome and thank you for letting us know. -Zoe
 andrelikehell  hayatohuseman *Begas In-N-Out is like Walmart Subway. You have to not go there.
i died when daisy was talking about those super powerful bullets and she was like "u can't get those at walmart...not yet anyways"
I know I'm not the only one who remembers Walmart used to sell fish.🐠
i really have to go to walmart today.. pray for me
I'm at Walmart in Torrance, CA 
 Onision but no one cares about you..oops, sorry, um, Lainey crying.  That was your cheap Walmart ring anyhow.
 Walmart That'd require the phone to be answered... Finally got thru on my 8th store called. Someone was working at Kings Crossing today
I need to go to Walmart but my bed is too comfy
 SShuttlesworth I might.. not sure yet I have to go to Walmart bro
 realDonaldTrump Walmart pays an unlivable wage.  Not real jobs.
 Conner_Jones  hayatohuseman Vegas In-N-Out is like Walmart Subway. You have to experience the full aesthetic.
I don't remember who called Devo Anthony Hamilton in Walmart that day but it was hilarious
 savings alert: earn  5 on Similac Pro-Advance and Pro-Sensitive  formula with  IbottaApp at  Walmart.   rebate… 
Walmart should have an express line for people 60 and over. Seniors should be given special treatment at all stores.
good pooping morning i fuck sexy girls outside and i being silly at walmart good pooping bye
 TMIToddfawx  PeyOlive  lordvictor  Walmart May I interest you in The Furred Reich 
I watched three drug deals go down in Walmart parking lot today. One right outside the doors.

 onthegrind
 stackinpaper
Manzone et al v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. d/b/a Milford Walmart Super Center 
 1:17-cv-00277 
 Complaint
 
 LasVegasLocally stop spending your money at anti-American  walmart
 bigjay4point0 who knows. And they look at us crazy when we happy with a 8 buck shirt from Walmart
 AndyOstroy Okay A  hole, how bout cashing a welfare check or driving to and from Walmart to get your welfare check cashed.
lol walmart called me about a job but my phone is messed up lol i h8 life i could have had a job
[Walmart] Pyrex Glass Storage sets 50% off online 
[Walmart & TRU] Hatchimals in stock online 
just saw seagulls in the walmart parking lot. climate change man
 bacci33 Our mistake. We do apologize. Please reach out to a member of mgmt at the store of purchase for further assistance. -Dee
 mcalvs try Target or Walmart
walmart didnt have blue :(((
i spend like  300 at walmart a week. why am i so greedy :(
 realDonaldTrump Walmart doesn't have the jobs that buy the American dream. What about digital outsourcing by top companies, any plans?
Last Valentine's Day I met someone drunk at Walmart at 3am, he paid all 75  of my stuff I got and we went on a date later on😂🙃
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
 realDonaldTrump  Reince hahahaha walmart! They sign their employees for welfare on the spot!  notmypresident
 sakamoto_joe2 what's up Bro I went To Walmart on my Way from work what are you up to?
 _court14 and I just spent 45 minutes in Walmart being followed around by an older guy with only coke & vodka in his cart. Creepy orrrr? 🤔🙄
Just in case you need one, Walmart is selling TV's for ridiculous prices right now.. 55" LG for  250 as an example.
Madison summoning the Force with a cool kid while at Wallyworld...it was hilarious!! 😂  walmart… 
Allie bought a hot wheel from Walmart.....
 htxlotus come to Walmart and interview this cop he's friendly lmao
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance 
I saw a tinted lawfaunda   Walmart
 ByYourLogic lots of nice feminist Hillary supporters were talking about her ratty hair and her Walmart clothes this past summer
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN!!  SmileMore  Walmart  Arkansas  LasVegas 
Walmart employees do way too much 😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Duluth, GA 
Kleenex Ultra Soft Facial Tissues, 75 sheets  [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
Love Huggies Snug and Dry Ultra! HUGGIES® Snug & Dry Ultra Diapers at Walmart Chatterbox Media: 
I'm at Walmart -  mundowalmart in Londrina, PR 
ULTIMATE CLIMBING ON RAFTERS AT WALMART!! (GONE WRONG): via  YouTube
 cbrumms Walmart probably since the insurance from work is good for there and everyone said they price is reasonable
 Orlando nightclub gunman took wife to Walmart and bought bullets the night before shooting 
 1TY___  They Got These Bears at Walmart 🤷🏾‍♀️ they soooo cute 😩💪🏾
Goldman Sachs buys a Walmart-anchored shopping center in Phoenix for  41M.  cre 
 realDonaldTrump I guess you missed last week's headline - Walmart is laying off 1000's and Macy's too.
 JHoppy14  Timeflies famous star  boy you sound like you bought your bars from subway in the back of walmart
If you're looking for work in  Bentonville, AR, check out this  job:  Sales  Hiring  CareerArc
Walmart was so clutch with that preorder
 _fightforgod_ walmart!
 LasVegasLocally Another reason to hate  Walmart
lmao that dude looks like a walmart version of kripp
did this flop cuz i look busted or bc i pooped in a super walmart 
Me: I want you to take me someplace when that project is finished. I never get to go anyplace lately
Hubby: Didn't you just go to Walmart?
 AbscondedMinds  ResemblingACult  realDonaldTrump  nbc these agencies have conspired 2 do that. 😂😂😂 I thought I saw Bigfoot in Walmart 2.
. Walmart Anchored  ShoppingCenter in Phoenix Sold for  41.3M >> via  MPMediaAZ  CRE  retail 
Girls stay going to Walmart for feminine products..🤣Wait this shit is deja vu..🤦🏻‍♂️
 walmart girls nude biggest free porn site 
%22I said burr it%27s cold in here there must be some clovers in the atmosphere%22 
"Hey dipshit, did those warts clear up from last week? Here's a coupon!" Yeah hey thanks walmart didn't wanna broadcast that to the world
I left a comment for  emmasglasses on  chictopia 
I'm at Walmart looking at fishes 
Kim O. of Oklahoma City, OK  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
WalMart Protein/Milk Haul... This is what I can afford. This is what I like. This is what works… 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist 1/18/17- 2 Walmart Box Break- 2015 Contenders & 2016 Optic Mega Box
 ThaFinesseGod if not Kroger then Walmart
Everybody keep asking me do i work at Walmart ... Who up there look like me?
lemme find out we can use this shit at Walmart 😂
I've been in Walmart for an hour.... 😐
Maybe he is out getting milk still you know those Walmart lines be long asf 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Medford, OR 
Isabelle W. of Saugus, CA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 eecope right now they are on pure balance you can find it at Walmart! It's like  14 for a medium bag!
Call the Scooter Store for free information today.

Absolutely!

Save money. livebetter. walmart.
HP Venetian Women’s Tote Just  11.99! Down From  50!  Great_Deals  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals
Mainstays Office Chair for  40 + pickup at Walmart

Walmart Strikes Yet Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
*woman almost runs into my mom at Walmart* "oh I'm sorry honey you're so short i didn't see ya"
 realDonaldTrump Walmart will hire thousands to change the Made in China tags to Made in USA. Legal - new tags will be from US based factory
 newmanjustine Wow. Not quiet paint is it? Please share w/our Online Customer Service Team at -Dee
they have dancing corgis that sing wobble and dancing dachshunds that sing bow chicka wow wow at walmart
incredible
THANK YOU CHRISTINA HEFLIN!!! We received the kitty love today❤❤❤ 8 bags diectlt from Walmart 
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I can never remember where I parked anytime I go to Walmart 🙃
I am so done with Walmart money Card.  I got my transaction history from Oct to Dec for a claim and someone else... 
[ 44.97] Super Mario Chess Board Game  44.97   Walmart Canada 
 __Kelsseaa yes like they act like the can't just go to Walmart
College Gag Gift Survival Kit. Found everything   Dollar Store & Walmart. Came up with some funny sa 
Bruh these folks fucking in the car in broad daylight behind Walmart 😩😭😭
Communist Romania gave Maternity Medals for having 5 or more kids. If we did that in America, Walmart would be filled w/ decorated soldiers.
 realDonaldTrump Walmart is not good or fair to any of their employees. The benefits are poor and the hours given are not enough to live on
pic of girls in walmart naked 
Idk how prostitution is still a thing considering the fact that you could meet a girl at Walmart and take her home for free
backstreet boys are playing on the walmart radio and i've never been so happy to be in walmart
 4Real_P0litik  Txguy08 yeah I doubt he's been paying attention to anything besides Trumps's twitter feed lol picking produce for Walmart.
Rosalyn B. of Medford, MA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 Walmart Canada partners with Penguin Pick-Up via  CanadianGrocer
stop going to walmart if you're not saving money and living better 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 
In the parking lot of Walmart, is where we sex
"Baby burns," press send text-text
Bonnie & Clyde spree, the new next-next.

 amwriting  poem
 realDonaldTrump Will Walmart pay a decent wage? I am also confused as to how Walmart would outsource jobs
Walmart got some jawns in it right now lol
 ajcooney  my grocery store is Walmart... 😞
just me Walmart, stop selling guns on line!! & i do not believe you anyway. what kind of jobs, part time, no benes.… 
Can someone go to Walmart with me  CAU
 realDonaldTrump  Walmart one of biggest welfare beneficiaries in America. They couldn't operate without gov't supporting their workers.
 Walmart I had to leave...But I hope y'all reach out to them. Either way thanks for reaching out. 🙂
*at walmart w/ my dad*
cashier: do u guys have an id for the alcohol 
dad: yeah
cashier: are you guys together? 
dad: shes my daughter 
😷😷😷😷
if you buy one of those south bend (or any) cast nets from walmart, fine. dont expect them to lay flat or throw properly no matter the price
i don't even like going to Walmart 🤷🏾‍♀️
PSA: don't wear a flyers sweatshirt in public near buffalo.. you will get yelled at in the middle of walmart
Slw here (at  Walmart Supercenter in Medford, WI) 
this guy at walmart stopped me and said that my hair is beautiful 😭 made my day lol
Walmart Legend 
What is donald trumps favourite store?
Walmart
WALmart
WALLMART

COMEDY
who ever just called to hire me at Ridgeland's Walmart is rude and inconsiderate asf.
 Iceshadow13 Yeah, it probably helped that you worked there, haha. But this other Walmart lets me get away with more stuff. I just think --
Oh I hate walmart 🙄
 ActualFlatticus absurd. None of these idiots wld get a paycheck from Walmart, then believe they really worked for Sears😒
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart..//,,;;;


 FoxOnABox_ gold standard here but uh, not Walmart prices.
BJ K. of Montgomery, PA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 MattyAndBacon  _MKGhost oh oh I wanna be up next on sob stories  of our childhood. My mom had to draw Nike signs on my Walmart shoes
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Colorado Springs, CO 
really, Walmart got the best store brand. Like great value shit be literally great lol.
Spaghetti without any green bell peppers thanks to  Walmart Orange Park FL. How could this happen?
myAppliances->Adorable puppy recovers after swallowing 8-inch kitchen knife - Mashable… 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 295 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 1/18/2017 4:18:21 PM
When she keeps saying "no I don't want to eat there" so you just bring her to Walmart. 
Wal Mart Stores : Beware of Walmart gift card scam targeting the elderly //channels.feeddigest.com/news?id=5010679124
 angstnmyveins Walmart sushi just sounds like food poisoning waiting to happen.
only knocked over a stack of toilet paper, 3 sweaters, & a few pair of leggings w the electric scooter   Walmart 🙃
all those green FIT Teas are just liquid laxatives....duh, just go to walmart & buy  4 miralax 😂 
Why was this car seat not available when I was in the market for car seats!? This is the cutest thing ever. 
I have a mini panic attack every time I have to go Walmart
 EdwinCrisanto Thx for sharing your concerns w/us. We'd like to hear more. Pls share w/our Feedback Team at -Dee
When I saw this at Walmart,I decided to take a pic 😂  kerrywashington 
Enter to Win a  250 Walmart Gift Card from Whole Heart & Home 
 Retweet  BabyFood  Green Sprouts Baby Food Mill 1 ct 
 realDonaldTrump  Buenos Aires, Argentina I suspect enjoys having a Walmart ,will this affect franchises overseas or strictly manufacturing?
Need to go to Walmart but I don't want to see people
 AlexisLynn94 I want the 10  bag from Walmart right now 😩
 Walmart it was a Christmas gift that I don't need because I have 2 laptops. Definitely need to have better communication between management
 washingtonpost probably has an embedded listening device,  and it will be sold in every Walmart in the USA.
Family members of  Walmart associates can now access  COHS and earn their high school  diploma for free >> 
Nothing like going to the dentist and Walmart smelling like horse 🐴❤
I want a blueberry muffin like with the crumbly stuff on top, someone take me to Walmart to get a 4 pack of muffins
Moda Women's Belted Shift Dress for  6 + pickup at Walmart

Savings on groceries, home/cleaning, beauty & health PLUS new lower every day pricing + more  WalmartCanada!… 
7 trends will disrupt and define the  Retail industry in 2017.  walmart  amazon 
 spoopycatt YEAH lol -- Luckily another Walmart 'lets' me do them/they don't care lmao
 alyse_navidad walmart
Sporting tht limited edition  Walmart vest.. They all sold out in  Hati  1ofAkind 😞😞😂😂 
Broke out the Backstreet Boys Walmart board... 
 PeyOlive  lordvictor  Walmart AHHH shoot. That's me.
 Dornan1Cat but he'll be able to brag about Walmart and auto companies.  Basically, he will even out on jobs, if anything.
Walmart Expands Partnership with Cengage to Offer Free High School Diploma and Career Training to Family Members o…
 TueborFrog  KateBlackDC  PPact  5/30 day supply of BC at Walmart. Most of these broads pay  8 for a drink to have sex anyway...
 Walmart good job actually reading my tweet that says "in store"
Check out my Walmart Winter Beauty Box 🌬❄️ I believe I only paid  5 for all of these and I must… 
A New Way to Compete on Walmart: The ChannelAdvisor Algorithmic Repricer 
 yoncexhwang I said Brand Name not Walmart
Almost everyone working at Walmart is so damn rude 😤
C. Ervana: Homeland Security/Walmart RFID  walmart  martial  law  FEMA
Yesterday, January 17th, 2017, WalMart announced 34,000 new jobs and opening 59 new and relocated facilities.... 
Why the fuck do people be having they kids in Walmart looking like they don't have a home 😐
When you're in  walmart and they're playing a radio commercial for  target,  you know it's God telling you to get out!
 Walmart Awful customer service! I was told by a supervisor I could return a tablet. Then got treated like crap, interrupted and told to no.
So today at Walmart there was this little girl, she looked about 3 yrs old and just adorable as ever...BUT she... 
I hate going to Walmart by myself
Terry B. of Green Bay, WI  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 TheDivaCup omg hi diva cup!! Listen diva cup, I went to Walmart & got it and I went to my sisters house trying to convince her to do it too
 rynblck  Walmart Works great! You're off the hook this time Walmart. Barely.
Hung out with  TheRock today at Walmart. 
Hey  Google  Walmart why doesn't this work ??? Show me a map or some keywords about which section items would be in 
 spoopycatt I had an employee literally tell me 'we don't print anime here' when I got shit printed at a different Walmart before 😂😂
Clearly can tell  Walmart is cutting down on cashiers so they can save money and so people are forced to use the self checkout which sucks😐
I've been needing to go to Walmart for about 3 days now. I procrastinate ...
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hueytown, AL 
. realDonaldTrump - Nice short way (tweets) to thank GM and Walmart re JOBS ----- Left doesn't want WTP 2c companies r helping unite the US
i just want to go to walmart and get some oranges is that too much to ask?
 Walmart Spoke to a suport Mgr and age said I should just order online. It probably didn't sell and canceled sku. More and more this happens
i ran out of golden raisins and i busted my ass to walmart so i could get more...who am i
 Aroush Walmart
Walmart Adding 10,000 Jobs, Investing  6.8 Billion in US Stores 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Clayton, NC 
Seen a monkey at Walmart 😂 that's fucking awesome
 Amazon is crushing Walmart, eBay, and Target in the growing mobile shopping space 
 Walmart why did  Store4520 remove all of the soap dispensers out of the restrooms?
hashtagGROSS
sexy girls in walmart pics 
I got my w2s from everybody but Walmart they need to quit playing w me
Being a vendor inside a  Walmart means I get to see people of every age and race, wearing camo.
Wal-Mart Boards the Trump Train, Will Invest  6.8 Billion and Create 10K Jobs 
. dallascowboys you should really buy that Walmart across the street and build a huge hotel complex. No charge for that idea.
There was a dancing-stuffed corgi in the valentines aisle in walmart, I WANT IT SO BoeingD IM GOING TO CRY.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in North Port, FL 
Overheard in the newsroom: "Walmart just butt-dialed me."
 In4mdCndn No company pays taxes. All tax burdens are factored into the price of goods sold. Walmart may write the check, but WE pay the tax
 DaBlueBonnet lmfao back when we took random rides to Walmart in the middle of the night 😂
 DeanPC560307474 We apologize for your disappointment. Did you reach out to a member of mgmt to see if they plan to stock some soon -Dee
 _damarioj Walmart drop a mad ting still , mega Mart and price smart done
dentist: so what grade are you in?
guy in line at walmart: do you have boys?
 US_Citizen_News you realize this doesn't mean Trump creates these jobs. Walmart created them to not be a target of Trump.
Hot Walmart Toy Clearance Deals via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
Some worker at Walmart just grabbed my ass and I feel violated
Megamart a our Walmart 
9/10 every time I go to Walmart I jump over the blue poles at the entrance
 realDonaldTrump Yes!  We need more corporate welfare, low paying walmart jobs!   MAGA
 itsaButtsteak TOO BoeingD I CANT GET SHIT PRINTED AT WALMART. BUT 'THEY DONT PRINT ANIME'
Win a  1,000 Walmart Gift Card!

 sweepstakes  giveaway  contest

Enter > 
Sexy Trashy Walmart BBWs nonnude (BBW)  bbw  adult 
Damn I need to go to Walmart  or food lion 🦁
 realDonaldTrump I work for Walmart and THEY ARE NOT DOING A BIG JOBS PUSH. TYHEY ARE CUTTING HIURS AND FIRING PEOPLE!
 madichristine15 my car at walmart 😂😂 
Found over  119.37 in potential profit from Walmart/Books to sell on Amazon!  OA
What the fuck? This is why I don't go to Walmart anymore. Fucking idiots.
 realDonaldTrump Walmart? Most of their employees can't survive without welfare. They pay their employees crap wages!
 itsaButtsteak the shit you give me is lesser quality than the photo prints I can get at WALMART.
EVEN WALMART IS LOVIN' TRUMP!

New add to my collection this awesome hero  batman  OriginalFunko at  Walmart in  VisitBethlehem finally 😁 
As bad of drivers as some people are when it comes to pushing buggies in Walmart, you gotta wonder how bad of drivers they are in vehicles
The  UARK_Alphas stepped in honor of Brother King today at  Walmart's MLK Inclusion week. Great job, brothers!… 
Word of advice don't ever work at Walmart 😒
 Walmart it has not. Is there someone I can contact to resolve this problem?
 ad Winter Must Haves  VASELINE Intensive Care Essential Healing Lotion at 
Being built next to the Walmart 
 aayyoo_jonathan apply at walmart bro
Still Nuh see how Walmart Nuh reach yet
Chanel vs Walmart

LOVATICS FOR BFA
 iHeartAwards  BestFanArmy  Lovatics 
 ThePressofAC Hell of a WalMart in Rio Grande man
 realDonaldTrump  TheAlabamaBand damn, you just keep rolling with the heavy hitters! Who you grabbing from the next walmart opening?
 thaonepopgemwas oh at walmart
You say about  Walmart, which took away commerce from local businesses and malls and is now laying off employees. 
 DeanNoelMullen Oh my! Thanks for tweeting. Sounds like a sticky situation. We apologize & hope all was resolved. -Dee
i'm not going back to the dead im gonna sit on here and giggle at the walmart version of my account
 itsaButtsteak home computer can do that shit along with WALMART, FEDEX and all those fucking places ???? I CAN DO IT, THEY CAN DO IT --
 OpiumHerz High five! I bought this one at Walmart.
 homelabservices  cprose83 yup...going to Walmart...good and cheap 😏
Enter now for your chance to win  Walmart gift cards, Palmer's hats or samples!  PalmersCocoaTour   Ends 2/28
Walmart cuts prices & staff!  Walmart to kill 1K corporate jobs by end of month to cut costs, focus e-commerce [VIDEO] 
These are the best shopping deals right now, from big discounts on TVs and Nike sneakers to winter gear 
 WalmartAction My mom ordered Pusha T CD 3 times from Walmart and each time the package comes in, there is no CD inside.  Frustrated!
Everytime I go to Walmart I always buy Brook a toy and she hates every single one of them 😭
"walmart wifi" LMAO BUT TYSM 
Walmart Beauty Box - Winter is Available for  5 Shipped 

*gets roasted at staples*
Me: "I went to Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Radio Shack, & didn't find it!"
Manager: "Were we closed or something?"
Chanel vs Walmart 
My new look on  chictopia: 
How  SMB P&G Professional Golf uses  EDI to do biz w/ Walmart, Golfsmith, & more - 
Yes it does matter. It's the same difference between a purse from Walmart in comparison to a purse from Gucci 
 WalmartNewsroom My mom ordered  PUSHA_T CD 3 times from Walmart. Each time the package comes in, there is no CD inside. Frustrating!
Wednesday Lunchtime Links: Walmart Groin Grabber At Large: Lyft happiness, Adobe robbed, cops promoted. [ more › ] 
Manischewitz Split Pea with Barley Soup Mix, 6.0 OZ  [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
- when Walmart is serving you your favorite today 😍😩
Walmart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US | Fox News

Nightclub gunman took wife to Walmart, bought bullets the night before shooting, source reveals   tcot
I hate coming to the ghetto Walmart 😖
I hate Thad. He pants me in the middle of fucking Walmart. Good thing I was wearing a cute thong.
 flevendyfive further proof that walmart is magic 
“This is not the way justice should work in America; it seems like  Walmart's program violates basic due process.” 
 Coupon:  Free Schick Twin Blade Disposable Razors (at Walmart).  
 wef17  wef The best bet for brick-and-mortar retailers who must compete with  amazon? Superb customer service, says  TomKochan  walmart
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart yes please. Would help so much!
 Walmart why is there only one express register open!  ridiculous  whydoievencomehere  deptfordnj
 Jazwares  ToysRUs I hope so I cant get to a toys r us and I wana buy a ton of these bring them to Walmart please :(
 PUSHA_T Ordered your CD from Walmart.  3rd time package came in with no CD inside.  Just an FYI
 danspence31  Walmart hey we never got a follow up, did anything break in your package? Hope its okay!
 VexX_Graves  DXRacer walmart 55 dollars does the job
BoeingCK WITH A VENGEANCE: Look What Walmart Just Pledged To Donald Trump Today! 
 News BoeingCK WITH A VENGEANCE: Look What Walmart Just Pledged To Donald Trump Today! 
Kimberly K. of Clarkston, MI  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
let's go on a date to Walmart & buy house hold products 💕😏 .
 flevendyfive They had a wholw bunch a random gb cars at the walmart
Looking like idiot walking through Walmart to give Miranda her Chinese food lol
 RaggedyAuthor The Devil Went Down to Walmart?
 lacedandinked  littlewingedpig Noooo, you don't have to do that! I actually have a good Walmart now, that actually has stuff! lol
GIFT 'EM HUNT ADVENTURE! Ava and Brianna search  TOYSRUS and Walmart! via  YouTube
Interesting but not surprising   stpete  florida
 hiramboyd  SportsBoyTony You ok Lima? I know it hurts. What's next, not living up to the expectations of a sports expert cashier at Walmart
 Walmart  Why sell this product if you do not sell the refills (replacement power cup). This is like having no filt… 
 IndieScent Because you have a thing for walmart cosplays of Tim Burton characters?
Why did my Amazon order arrive in a Walmart box and why I actually am upset about it now  
these front door folks for Walmart swear they be protecting the fuckin president in their recycled ass vest
 bacci33 Online Customer Service Team at --Dee 2/2
 NintendoAmerica  just pre-ordered my Nintendo Switch  Walmart. I haven't been this exited since the N64
Found a premade buff chix dip at Walmart and it's actually bangin😍
lol I'm raising my kids off of Walmart and goodwill clothes fuck that man XD I was raised off of garage sale shit 
Yeah, Walmart's such a great place to work. Wages are so low they get subsidized by welfare programs. 
 bacci33 We're sorry to hear this. If this was an online purchase, please share the details w/our -Dee 1/2
I would like to thank the Supreme Court for allowing Walmart to become the first corporate president.  MyFirstWordsAsPresident
 siouxspitfire  RidinInThePines i seriously love when girls show up to rodeos in short shorts and walmart boots😂
Bloodied Orlando 'cop killer' who 'murdered' veteran female officer at a Walmart is arrested after a week on the run 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart'',,//;;..


GREAT news: I saw my sister today at Walmart & gave her a huge surprise hug from behind

BoeingD news: it wasn't my sister & was very awkward
You think people watching at Walmart is entertaining, try dollar general 😂
Why Are Walmart and Fellow Old-Guard Giants Shopping in Silicon Valley?: Silicon Valley…  fdecausans.free.fr
I'd like to formally apologize to the Elders at Walmart for yelling "hey my friend thinks you're hot"...But it's true 💁🏼  KimberrlyNicole
 elisagioia Chanel vs Walmart
Yeah, those Walmart jobs at minimum wage are great!!! Net drag on economy that benefits one family. Stop it before… 
I see at least 10people I know when I go to Walmart
belVita Biscuits are such a delicious easy morning meal and you can find a great price here:… 
Then out came San N*****, I then got in her face screaming like I haven't before and security pulled me back I'm not allowed in that Walmart
A lady at Walmart called me sir so I think my hair cut is a success
 RomanAtwood To be honest I think you guys are making a deal with Walmart to sell smile more merch I'm happy but sad
Pig-like  Vin Diesel goes to walmart
BoeingCK WITH A VENGEANCE:  Look What Walmart Just Pledged To Donald Trump Today! 
Ain't going to lie I stole these from Walmart when I was little had no idea how to play 😅 
BoeingCK WITH A VENGEANCE: Look What Walmart Just Pledged To Donald Trump Today! - 
 lvdicius all these people on ig are literally walmart majestic edits im crying
 luckyycourtney me too, so I went to Walmart this time and they messed my freaking car up! 320  worth of work.
 TJackERA Walmart
 yohoitskristine start with Gardein, they have them at Walmart right next to the morningstar foods. Kristine, I'm telling you, idk how...
 notjimjones123 are they Walmart brand??
 NotAlexHankins just go to walmart
Tanya H. of Richland, WA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
the shana mutual 
-johnson lowkey gilinsky 
-walmart wifi
-memes
-sister sister 
-always has poppin  
-so fucking funny 
-nun 4 life 👏😩
Niggas end up at dirty ass WalMart instead.
 dan_bernstein read this story about signing cc receipts. 


 KenneyHinson it's okay , that trivial pursuit game was  20 on clearance at Walmart . Treat yo self !
There's a teddy bear in Walmart that's literally bigger than danielle
Boots 12  Body Suit- Walmart, hat-roses 6  Faux Fur coat- JCP😂😘 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 293 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 1/18/2017 3:51:11 PM
the dog i helped at walmart was named "sonny boy" HE WAS SUCH A GOOD BOY...HE JUST MISSED HIS MAMA 😭😭😭
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
The Bischoff  MurfsYT13 uses is like a Walmart version of mines.
tampon porn pics  girls of walmart nude 
 ad Curing our skin with  VaselineBrand Intensive Care Essential Healing Lotion found at Walmart  VaselinePartner… 
I always get mistaken for a Walmart employee. Do I just walk around looking like I've had my soul crushed or something?
Walmart stay playing me 🙄
Will  GregAbbott_TX be requesting federal funding from  realDonaldTrump to close all the secret FEMA camps and WalMart tunnels?
 Robdang3r  matthaig1  realDonaldTrump I can't wait for your memes when trump lets Walmart send your job to china.
Walmart Beauty Box ONLY  5 Shipped
go HERE: (aff) 
so I was at Walmart today picking up stuff before I head back to college and I noticed there was this kid from my old high school
Imagine if someone from winnemucca went on the bachelor and made it to home visit 😂 like where do you go to Walmart 😂
Check out this photo of Walmart Neighborhood Market on  Yelp 
Bouta apply at Walmart DC 🤔
TASTING WEIRD SNACKS FROM WALMART  grav3yardgirl xxxx 
 arrogantori_  GullahGeechie_ Walmart it's like by da jello and shit u gotta mix it with a Gatorade it's gon be nasty but it work
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market Gas in Auburn, AL 
Dear  Walmart, this guy cannot drive. 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 293 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 1/18/2017 3:48:36 PM
GO GO GO!!! These sell out FAST!! 
Walmart Beauty Box ONLY  5 Shipped
go HERE: (aff) 
the walmart model is fucking queen of copying my username i stfg 
Each retailer decides the price of  RobloxToys
You might pay more for them at Walmart and less at Toys R Us
 Jazwares confirms this.
 MEnnessy Toms, you can get it at Walmart
 Walmart Y'all suck. I said Direct Deposit not credit card that number is the credit card line
Chocolate Chunk Banana Pudding  ad 
 recipe  bananapudding  chocolate  banana  pudding… 
My mom took me to walmart this morning to buy diapers for Coots because I ran out and it is supposed to rain six days in a row
 peachyaubergine Walmart and sometimes rue
EEOC Sues Walmart for Discriminating Against Employee with Intellectual Disability  eeoc
 BuildHero I kinda hate that I cant ven buy a roblox toy because they are at none of the stores near me .-. wish Walmart had them
One got blessed at Walmart and the other in my sleep.
 Yourleftwingman what Walmart issue
 Mrs_Bourgeois We're sorry to hear about your wait time to have your call transferred. Can you share your zip code w/us? -Dee
 AnnCoulter We're 2 trust media re trumps taxes when they say that trump had nothing 2 do with ford, Walmart,& carrier bringing jobs back?
is  xmystical on ig a walmart version of you 😳😳 — i don't even have the app  
 TheH_isSilent_ aww yeah Walmart got them for about  200 too. But I know Best Buy has the better color selection.
 _DrewUlmer  RomanAtwood he had a meeting with Walmart 🙃
 MTV she didn't bring it back- I just saw a bitch wear that in Walmart
No rest for the wicked! Toys for Tots is a year-round gig! 

Thanks Ann Tracey from Galena WalMart, she always... 
Moda Women's Belted Shift Dress for  6 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Indy_Nic_Johns  WalmartcomUS  Straighttalk Walmart is low class everything!
Walmart is putting the grills out. That's scientific proof winter will end in 2 weeks.  Vegas 
SHE GO TO 
WALMART
SHE BE AT
WALMART
SHE GO TO 
WALLY WALLY WALLY WALLY WALLY WALLY WORLD
Was walking to the bus stop and some random guy offered a ride to Walmart
 ShawnMichaels If you are at Liberty University you should come to Walmart across the street after! I would love to meet you while working!
mauli: *sees a grill at walmart with guy fieri on the box* *nods in approval* *sees the price is  69* *starts tearing up*
 babyGutta__ we out to walmart 😋 
On god a lil boy in Walmart made my tummy rumble i wasn't able to finish grocery shopping 
 CharlesWanker  WalmartcomUS  Straighttalk good move. Walmart not reliable
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market on  Yelp and earned the Domestic badge! 
 DocHousel  FoxNews so that store isn't like a Walmart ?
 JANEE_NAOMI Have you already contacted our Customer Service at 1-877-969-3668? -Dee
. USDA helping alleviate food deserts for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program users through online grocers… 
My whole day consists of me being at Walmart. Rip
Thank you to Hot Rocks Motors and Walmart for boner the big jobs motherfucker ass into the U.S.!
Finna get a legit job, Walmart be playing they should know my name by now 🙄🙄 walked in about 20 times
we were too lazy and broke to go to walmart so iris and i saved all of our old water bottles and went to the dining hall and refilled them
Done for the day   Walmart Mentor 
 brynnawellsxo Walmart sells good rope
 volleybaas check out Jana Kramer in our film "Approaching Midnight" now on DVD - at WalMart Online 
 M_C_6  Walmart forreal fam... gimme my game or my money back asap!
Just despicable  Walmart  WalmartDoubleStandard  WalmartWednesday 
I love when old people in the Walmart parking lot yell at me for cranking music
 vihhuynh also guy who wheels carriages in at Walmart
We don't shop at  Walmart and remembered one of the reasons why we don't... 
 WalmartDoubleStandard… 
Found over  1,092.58 in potential profit from Walmart/Food to sell on Amazon!  OA
 jaylynnxjo they're a walmart exclusive get them while u still can
 Walmart Okay. I'll make it a priority to take pictures in spring.
Walmart can't do anything right they are rude and disrespectful I will not be going back because the way I was treated was horrible.
walmart lauren is so hot
FREE Winter Beauty Box (Just Pay Shipping!) - 
 ReTweet  Arthritis  Equate Arthritis Caplets 24 count 
 ABathingApeUS didn't know y'all release at Walmart 😅 
Those stores with 15 damn lanes... and only 3 lines open<<<< 🙃*cough Walmart
I can't even afford nice groceries either. I'm even too broke for Walmart  lifeisgood
 VMJacksonJr just make sure it's not the Fletcher Walmart. That place is worse than Ybor after dark...
just rescued a doggo at walmart waaah
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Fargo, ND 
Spicy Party Shrimp  ad 
 recipe  shrimp  spicy  gameday  party  football  foodie  yummy 
Where's my dudes game.. he's just trying to ball  Walmart  cstrick25
myAppliances->Officials: Dog turns on stove in 'freak' fire that damaged kitchen, killed…… 
Literally I refuse to step foot in the Archer Rd Walmart again, never have I seen such horrible customer service & just plain rudeness
My "secure" chip-card was used at a  Walmart in Houston to clean out my  LegacyTexasBank account.
 ADANIRoloji Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
Pantene Intense Hydration 3-Piece Gift Set for  9 + pickup at Walmart

 ConsistenTLucK Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
This lady just came up to me in Walmart and asked if I was in movies because she knows me from somewhere
 iGhostNinja Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
 KalinWhite come to the walmart museum with me!
 PreciseAtom27 Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
I took this in a Walmart parking lot still nice tho lol 
I'm literally in Walmart like once a week , twice if I'm lucky . What's my issue?😫
 Walmart you need to fix your white trash employees and train them like they and not be racist just because I was speaking another language
PSA: my Walmart had Train to Busan on Blu-ray for  15. If mine has it, that means they ALL do. GoGoGoooo!!!
Memorial continues to grow outside Walmart where OPD lieutenant was gunned down 
 _e22a Walmart is the worst tbh
cant believe jared started working at walmart
Plus Size Mini Haul - Torrid and Walmart via  YouTube  plussizehaul  torrid  Plussizefashion  blogginggals
 amateutporn naked walmart employee 
Ozark Trail 14-In-1 Multi-Tool ONLY  3.87 via SwagGrabber - Walmart has this Ozark Trail 12-in-1 ... 
 new  job Dairy/Frozen Food Associate - Walmart Canada - Wainwright, AB  Isun  Vera  T:+62561882794
HBD roomie 🎉 Hope you had a good day even though Walmart tried to sabotage your cake 🤗 
 Sucmytwidder nah I done seent these niggas year round...how much money y'all need? Be in the Walmart parking lot too. Gone on
Won't Last Long!!! FREE Winter Beauty Boxes From Walmart! via Everyone Loves Couponing - Won't ... 
 GregStar420 Not trying to show it off in a walmart parking lot
ANONYMOUS - The HIDDEN Link Between Walmart And THE NEW WORLD ORDER via  YouTube
Lmao walmart got the generic kind you good I promise 
I've just posted a new blog: a walmart journey 
Walmart to Create 10,000 Jobs, Invest  6.8 Billion in US via  IndustryWeek
 Walmart. Not fair. Won't price match the Microsoft store.
 samanthalee0307 we use straight talk through Walmart for over a year and have no complaints
Need to go to Walmart 🙄
Disney Baby To Big Kid Rocking Seat Just  27.88 via Couponing to Disney - Amazon and ... 
Enter the Walmart Survey and win  1000 gift card 
 MrNegroMilitant and if we only bought real organic food, even WALMART would carry it. Demand creates supply
 win a  500 Walmart Gift Card! 
I saw you at Walmart the other night 🙃 — you did???? 
I need to go to Walmart and buy a glasses fixed kit .
 saintraymon4prz just busy doing a bunch of shit I don't feel like doing now I'm going to call  Walmart about a stolen item from their store
 realDonaldTrump  Walmart good now pay them a living wage.
buy me these 
 MasonCamacho  realtonytiger Kellogg's has a product locator. Shows they are available  at Walmart and Krogers. 
walmart just shipped it's lit
Every time I'm actually up at a decent time, dad doesn't want to go to Walmart like we've been meaning to for months kaldjgalkgjlerkjr
 davislikesbutts fuck...Walmart if you're reading this right now, we are not trying to scam you.
You mean COAT RACK for the AMERICAN PEOPLE sold for  1.99 at WALMART once it's MELTED DOWN 
 Wendys whos burgers are better yours our walmart??
Product review on the 719 Walnut Avenue candles you can get at Walmart. 
Walmart is now selling through 
I checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market  Yelp  Yelfie 
Loving this  chandalier from  costco. I'll  NEVER  shop  Walmart. Pay your people living wages like  Costco 
 realDonaldTrump, take to US Walmart, Citibank, Burger King, MacDonald, Starbucks, every american enterprise from Mexico. Be congruent.
 RomanAtwood   _little_britt_  Im so happy for u guys for the Walmart thing!!!😀
Check out this future Walmart franchise! Man a dream big of course! 
Someone just asked me if I work at Walmart but I'm wearing a green hoodie joggers and have headphones in¿
yesterday i took a dump at the bar lol then being silly at walmart good bye
 DeanAmbroseNet whenever I go to target or Walmart I can't find a Dean Ambrose action figure.
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Mt. Pleasant, WI 
 randomxcajun1 some lady that was at Walmart, the she followed me to tobacco plus and then on the back road
 McAllisterDen Your liberty means subsidizing Walmart's poverty wages with tens of billions of tax payer dollars in social programs.
Target wants to be walmart soooo bad. It's a million people in here and only 2 registers open 🙃
DONT EVER STOP HUSTLING THIS WEEKEND IMA CLOSE A  10M DEAL WITH WALMART! TIER 1 MEANS YOURE THE MOST IMPORTANT IN T… 
 david_payton Well, she knows how to dress in public - she's likely a Walmart star.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pittsburgh, PA 
tell me tf why the receipt checker   Walmart went up to me and Lucca earlier, checked my receipt thoroughly and then told Lucca he was okay
. Walmart end your use of cages in Mexico! Chickens in cages have higher risks of Salmonella  marcericlore  Walmart  WalmartDoubleStandards
Eli just asked me were we going to Walmart 😂😂😂 
 FoxOnABox_  ArmyUte4  GJMcClintock I think either Staples or v office depot have them. I don't think I could find them at Walmart.
Like I said a few weeks back I needed it to pick up a package at Walmart??? get my tickets and discount at Disney. 
Bumped into someone I knew at Walmart and thought they'd want a convo so walked towards them and they walked away  awkward  soembarassing
Never fails...good or bad day...those  Walmart greeters always put a smile on my face  ItWorks
 StephieCahtah why are you exposing our plan to scam walmart
These kids really came to skip at Walmart
On the road means being more creative. But for me to find a  Tessemaes  whole30 approved dressing at  Walmart?!… 
You can now find the brand new Walmart exclusive Black Series 3 3/4" AT-ST Driver in the database, get all the... 
my mom does not think my high school softball hoodie is nice enough to wear to WALMART
 walmart I don't like the lies u tell us customers!... if I didn't like the store that much I would quit yall asses
 BabyAmber_BSF Thanks for applying. We wish you luck. -Dee
i seen these at walmart fam nonslip restaurant worker shoes 
 McD_Canada your St Thomas Walmart location needs it's menu sign updated. Still advertising waffle fries, which are no longer available
EEOC Sues Walmart for Discriminating Against Employee with Intellectual Disability  Disability 
Leaving Walmart so damn mad man 😭 I just want a Teddy Bear & it doesn't count if my mama buys it lol 😟
Finna go to Walmart rq
 LosPollosTV  CashNastyGaming stop u got that I work at Walmart swag
 GoldenVibes_ bet, it's Hudson bridge Walmart.
. Walmart thanks Dee
 realDonaldTrump  Walmart isn't opening new jobs just relocating old ones.  DontheCon strikes again. 
I buy my Oreos from food 4 less and Walmart  oreofamilydunkparty  sponsered ... 
RJ wants a new toy guess will go to Walmart in a little 🙄
 nikimerrill We're glad to hear your had a please experience w/us. It is our goal that each time you visit us is just as great. -Dee
Easiest dinner ever? Jazz up a delish Progresso soup from  Walmart. Serve with warm bread. Voila!… 
Plus Size Mini Haul - Torrid and Walmart: via  YouTube
Come on walmart don't walk away from a community that's in the middle of a food desert. South St Petersburg in FL needs this store!!
 _wonderkill Walmart lol
Black women are so beautiful....Not you loud mouth cigarette smoking pajama wearing heffas in Walmart. BLACK WOMEN!!!
try me world no one better even look at me last two times I went to Walmart I almost got into fistfights with middle aged women I can't deal
I stopped at Walmart on the way home from ben davis to pee & walmart is about 2 minutes from my house 🤷🏼‍♀️
When will you guys start selling in stores like Walmart and stuff?  GFuelEnergy
 realDonaldTrump Walmart is laying off
I love Walmart. I go in there sometimes just to walk around.
Bowl Fresh Blue Plus Bleach Automatic Bowl Cleaner - 2 CT  [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Offers 
 HighWavy lol nope.. send them to me, ima send they ass to walmart and leave them there.
 _wonderkill mainstay is Walmart !
 realDonaldTrump Lying Donald is trying to take credit for with others do like General Motors and Walmart and others.   faketrump
Walmart
 
 mike_58stingray Just another Walmart shopper.
I get paid toma and I'm not tryna spend no money besides getting my nails and eyebrows done and like 100 in Walmart.  dasit
Whaaaaaaaaaaaat?! Walmart offers free grocery store pickup????? I'm never going to the store again. Online for life!
Mainstays Office Chair for  40 + pickup at Walmart - 
I should probably go to Walmart and get school supplies lol... but I'm so lazy
I hate Walmart cause I go in for batteries and I see shit like this and I'm like omg I need it and spend way more m… 
 realDonaldTrump are you addressing the wage issue? Or the fact that a HUGE percentage of Walmart employees are on govt aid?
G_Quality Assurance Reports Clerk - S4 - Walmart - Pauls Valley, OK  Jobs
Get exactly what you need at your convenience with  Walmart's Pickup service!  savemoneylivebetter… 
If Walmart said 20 bucks y'all would be like "oh that's not bad" 
 AZLatina480 We do our best to get back to all applicants. Thank you for applying! -Dee
 realDonaldTrump Yah, everybody dreams about working at Walmart.  Thanks to Walmart, 3 Giant Eagle stores and the Andersons are closing.
I just seen Mrs Batson at Walmart. She ain't changed one bit lol
 jeffrey_jue i use target just because i don't want to support walmart
I liked a  YouTube video from  cree_ingles HOW TO SHOP LIKE A MAN AT WALMART | WHAT'S IN MY GROCERY BoeingG? |
 Carlcjsmith get some melatonin pills from Walmart/CVS. 1 will have you knocked out in 10 minutes.
 realDonaldTrump Any take? 
 jimmyfallon Monroe, LA everybody has seen the guy who wears square dance dresses while hanging out in the Walmart parking lot  TimeToMove
 ms73 If a GMA anchor gets sick you KNOW she will get care, probably the best doctors in the world. What does the Walmart worker get?
Red & White Valentine Love Puppy Dog Plush - Walmart - XOXO 
 naked walmart girls nude girls in costumes 
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to pu: thezback-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 AmeliaBedelia99  KrapsCake  username_XO_  jenellousofwhat all by itself like walmart. She a special little something
they're playing  LindseyStirling songs at walmart i am hype
 hotlinevibes  Cyn7kaL (at Walmart)
 realDonaldTrump Walmart is the worst. Everything made in China. More employees on welfare than any other company.  You are full of shit
Idk who's worse: the people of west mifflin Walmart or the people of southside giant eagle
Walmart needs you, so they can give back.
KitchenAid 5qt Custome Metallic Series Stand Mixer Satin Copper KSM152PSCP 
It's a universal truth that every cart at Walmart has at least one bad wheel.  triedem'all
 Andersonn218 when you've been only shopping at Walmart for 6 months you are allowed to cry over Kroger
Are we going to shop at my place or walmart
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Richton Park, IL 
Team Associated Tc3/ntc3 Gold Spring 19.5 Lbs (pr) 3944 
 tinalynn16 thanks boo! I wanted to see you today but all I had time to do was stop at Walmart to get groceries 😭😭
Admittedly I'v. never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg|boots = Hell
R.I.P. to the kid who just shit himself in walmart😷
Walmart selfie 🌸 
LEGO Technic Heavy Lift Helicopter for  105 + free shipping     - CNET - Technic Heavy Lift Helicopter for  105
 RomanAtwood  YouTube Walmart going to be selling your mech?😬
WALMART STAYS REMINDING ME THAT IM SINGLE AF
 DashiePlotism  elkBoi you can jjust walk into any walmart and purchase this deady assault rifle with no background check. smh
Does anyone know where you would find matches or lighters in Walmart??? I've looked everywhere
Teach My Kits Online  Walmart  shopnow 
I told this dude I was from Canada to avoid helping him with his Walmart issue.
 UntieA2 I want to grow old with you, and be "those two old ladies" who sit in their walkers bitching at each other in walmart. Lmao
 Francodecreator I'm done, at Walmart.
The lady that wrote this needs to be fired 😂😂😂 we attempted to fix it but damn Walmart that's baaad 
 Sailor_Viola I know millionaires who shop at walmart
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
Guess I'll stop to Walmart
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 45 Points! WOO HOO!!
Also I've walked in a circle around Walmart 3 times looking for notebooks
 Erika_Rothman top down going to Walmart. Whachupto 
 _youhadonejob1 yes coz walmart employees do not deserve to get paid...
 GemmaMinxx why? everyone at Walmart loved your bush!
Your  WCW got a hole in her Walmart drawls. 👀
I dont have to walk to Walmart alone anymore 😭😍
 srcooper88 he asked me if I work at Walmart 🙄
u will never see me or any of my blood wearing them retard velcro shoes from walmart
All my hunting friends.. If you're looking for rage broad heads, you can get them for 19.99 at the Walmart on Salem rd!
3 predictions for the future of retail – from the CEO of Walmart 
3 predictions for the future of retail – from the CEO of Walmart via  wef
About to start working at Walmart 😌
 FunkoPopHunters  NerdyNewb  gregmoss41 got these at Walmart last night 
 jeffrey_jue yeah but walmart is for hicks
 Literallylanger  P5Brotag FaceTime me while you're at Walmart 😂😂
Y'all Walmart grocery pickup is the bomb lol
It's at Walmart and Target and some hair stores.
 KilbertAj  P5Brotag I'm at Walmart
 ABC No they all work for Walmart. To smart for the oval office.
Memphis Urban League Hosting Hiring Fair for Walmart Neighborhood Markets 01/20/17
by Tecia "Lucy" Marshall

The... 
 ThisManJokesBad  TomMalvaso Billy Redden was broke and working at Walmart in 2012.
All these hot moms and college girls in yoga pants at Walmart right now are making me wish I showered 😳
 Reuters Ah, this means walmart can expand throughout Britain!
Store Standards Associate - Walmart Canada - Listowel, ON: A Store Standards Associate maintains store…  hirekw
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart I really need this in my living room.  It would look amazing and help heat my old school house.   WalmartWednesday
 Taringa_MCFC  goldberry70 people who used to have manufacturing jobs in the rust belt who are now cashiers at walmart don't read wikileaks
 realDonaldTrump Wal-Mart is cutting jobs, you moron. 

I had a dream last night that I bought a ferret from Walmart, named him Mongoose, and later that day he turned into a human baby
The Memphis Urban League will host a Hiring Event at 413 N. Cleveland Street for Walmart Neighborhood Markets.... 
News:  Aldi Cheaper Than  WalMart? Deutsche Bank Conducts Study  Walmart
 whiteboymattt you look like you steal out of Walmart
Wtf Walmart 😑
 _tinarella Walmart! The kiss brand is the shittt
 HalleBucciere and I only get hit on in Walmart I swear
Had to stop  Walmart at 3am... I can't decide if people who wear pj's in public have given up on life or are living it to the fullest 🤷🏻‍♀️
 jacke1ope We're looking forward to seeing you. Tweet us if we can help. -Dee
 Walmart just sent ya boy faulty headphones when he needed them the most!
jesse:"mr white do you think he's cute"
*shows photos of walmart*
mr white:*rolls eyes*
 Jeffrey_Jue gamestop is almost as depressing as wal mart but at least walmart has ginger ale
"Fv Walmart is literally the armpit of America"
 realDonaldTrump everything in Walmart is made in China
I lost my son in your store, could you please help  Walmart
 CrispyHannah I just seen her at Walmart lol she lives down the street that's still wifey
Why is Walmart selling an incest erotic novel? Like wtf is this cover? 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 290 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 1/18/2017 3:18:28 PM
Looks like you can get a dean figure in the Walmart pack of surfs up -Jess 
Check out NEW Hatchimals  Walmart Exclusive Purple/Teal Burtle  eBay  nowinstock
You're vaping in Walmart. Congrats you get a gold star for being the biggest loser ever.
Infinite Possibilities Vol.1 now at  
 realDonaldTrump Walmart, which manufactures EVERYTHING in China, won't bring jobs that provide healthcare or more than a 30hr work week.
WINNING: GM, Walmart, Amazon Announce New Jobs Ahead of Trump’s Inauguration 
 chigginb963 We apologize. Have you had an opportunity to alert a member of management of this? -Dee
 GrownWomanChild WALMART FACE
 KesadaKathleen Cali is pretty expensive! Gas is like 4 , you have to pay for grocery bags at Walmart, and you have to be 21 to buy cigs..
 __SierraaLeonne Walmart hiring
The VIDEO that WALMART DOESN'T Want You To See!! Future RFID Chipping Hu... via  YouTube
 Walmart Thanks for the response And keep the graphic tees coming! -TinkerPanda
 McAllisterDen remember, Walmart underpays it workers which costs taxpayers 6 billion dollars in SNAP, Medicaid, etc.
 danpaget yes! Like the ppl of Walmart site-for nose pickers
 miche13  jes_chastain Pills are  10 a month at Walmart.
Beyond Homeless Receives Grant from Local Walmart 
If you're on a roadtrip and can't pay for a motel, park at Walmart &amp; sleep in your car. They won't kick you out.
 walmart robs your for your money man wuth their jank ass debit card
A&W 4-Piece Root Beer Float Set for  8 + pickup at Walmart

Want to win a  10 Walmart Gift Card? Enter here 
 JDavis2x  1RichMarcus No. they caught you running yo head into the fish tanks at walmart 😂😂😭
And to top of my day I got a text from USAA saying some douche charged almost 500  to my card at Walmart. Fuck meee
Walmart workers look like dem nave a care in the a world
Carrier, Ford, Sprint, GM, OneWeb, Fiat Chrysler, Alibaba, Bayer, Hyundai, WalMart, & more coming!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS… 
Grocery run 👍   Walmart Middletown 
*walks back in* "I have a 2 year college degree, I can get me a job at Walmart. They'll probably put me in charge" *walks out*
 zebleyfoster Thanks for sharing your experience regarding your purcahse of GV products. Pls contact 877-505-2267 with your concerns. -Dee
Walmart better get some decent looking captain marvel shirts in. That don't have the giant neck and really short sleeves
 tylerperry827 I got the Switch from Walmart and the games from GameStop
Bro Walmart is TAXING for these teddy bears
I go to Walmart way too much
girl naked in walmart 
 lvalenzuelaaa69 the dollar store by Walmart in the west side . Next to gamestop
This better be at walmart today fr 
 realDonaldTrump Perhaps you could encourage Walmart to give employees a fair salary that won't require being subsidised by US taxpayers.
Very nice, elderly Walmart lady told me to "enjoy" my new toaster as exited WallyWorld today. I MOST CERTAINLY WILL enjoy my new toaster.
 sladewilson79 Walmart had a few good things Hawaii Five O season one, My three sons season one Volume one
Yet me, my family and friends constantly try to apply and don't even get an interview...  whyisthat  Walmart 
Somebody go too Walmart for me
 Jsphchavez  Walmart needs ApplePay 2017
 ReTweet  BabyFood  Beech Nut Naturals Carrot Broccoli and Strawberry 
I've just posted a new blog: walmart coupon 
 __NaKilla five star nails by home Depot and walmart!
 EEOC Sues Walmart: Retail Giant Refused to Make Simple Accommodation for Longtime Empee w Intellectual Disability 
shave your legs bb we going to walmart
Last night I had a dream that in order to shop at Walmart, I had to right a 1 page essay on what types of shoes feminist wear...
Safeways, London Drugs, Co-op, Walmart, Sobey's, Save-on-Foods, all distributing  VGM.v Try… 
Today is a mess but that was the most pleasant experience I've ever had at  Walmart  kindnessmatters
Me: wanna go to Walmart 
Jullian: I'm good
Me: 😤 fine I'll go alone *gets home an hour later*
Jullian: wanna go to… 
Salty Walmart don't have the small box of cinnamon Frosted Flakes
 SydneyPander Walmart go go go
my dude saved  1.89 on a  1.89 spiral... S/o to Walmart self checkout
Walmart insider speaks about tunels underneath leading to FEMA death camps via  YouTube
I finally applied to work at  Walmart 😊
 HK_rite Walmart there weren't many sloths left!
 PrinceCharmingP one of the difficult ones, better go to walmart and get a simple 35 dollar one 😂
I said this yesterday, "I'll never work at Walmart" 
NEW 2017  All USA People Need To See This!  WALMART = MARTIAL LAW via  YouTube
Some shit I can buy for  10 at Walmart they wanna charge  45 for cuz it got a logo on it suck my dick 
Gotta go to Walmart and see if they got these stickers to put on my vision board
 __sliimmmb girl you could go to walgreens and get more cause i lost mines too 😂 they probably at walmart too
Walmart Weekly Flyer Roundup: Lysol Wipes 2/ 4, Classico Pasta Sauce 2/ 5, Gillette MACH3 Razor Blade Refills  13 +… 
 realDonaldTrump sorry, I was wrong. Even the Walmart jobs have been planned since before you were elected.
 davidiiholland Well that sounds frustrating. Have you received the assistance you needed? -Dee
 alexanderrraaa people r fucking stupid. Use some fucking box dye from Walmart since ur prob trash anyway 🚮
I really don't wanna go to Walmart 😩
*walmart 
I wonder if I'm able to drive to Walmart after my gov't class
I swear I go to Walmart just to hear my mom say "eh I'll wait and get that at Costco" .....LIKE GURL WHY ARE WE HERE THEN??????
 draxpie I often buy makeup whenever my ass gets to walmart.

I'm obsessed with L'oreal's lipsticks :(
What Walmart and Domino's Pizza Want You To Know About Business Growth 
 sajumu  MyPeakChallenge  SamHeughan I don't think Walmart carries it!
I just threw up in the Walmart parking lot
Target 1 Walmart 0 
I hate when I come to Walmart an they don't have what I'm looking for 😒 it's a struggle coming anyhow smh
 sexy blowjob pics sexy walmart girl 
Was just standing in line at Walmart buying booze shooting the shit with an 84 year old guy , told him I was broke and he bought my beer
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was getting Margot Robbie cast as Tonya "Walmart Face" Harding in her biopic.
I was fukkn dead this morning at Walmart.
I think the checkout guy at Walmart was trying to flirt with me lol
I just need a simple gold chain and Maria seems to be the only one with keys and is nowhere to be found. Fucking  Walmart
Walgreen 24 Hour Pharmacy - Walmart Pharmacy 4 Dollar List - Tower Pharmacy - 9,617 Completed ORDERS Today!... 
Walgreen 24 Hour Pharmacy - Walmart Pharmacy 4 Dollar List - Tower Pharmacy -  list, building, email, marketing 
Amazon's market value is greater than the sum of Walmart + Target + Best Buy + Macy's + Kohls + Nordstrom + JCPenne… 
Walmart I s2g, you are tESTING ME
myAppliances->A kitchen you'll never want to leave: 25 photos of a Geneva home listed for…… 
 JANEE_NAOMI Can you share the details, so we can better assist you? -Dee
 NikxHubbard  YuthDecay walmart
Celebrate Winnie the Pooh Day with Disney Baby toys & puzzles from Melissa & Doug at Walmart!  disneybaby  ad 
the Walmart on 49 finally fixed the door on the side and now it gotta handle 🤘🏾
Smh walmart brand princess leia is back at it again 
Since I wasn't able to be transferred for 20 minutes on the phone to the bakery  Walmart do you sell Catwoman cakes?
JUST IN: WALMART MAKES MASSIVE ANNOUNCEMENT BECAUSE OF TRUMP…IT’S HAPPENING! 
Really trying not to lose my shit  Walmart right now.
Shiiiidddddd bout to skrt to Walmart 
this was taken before i pooped in a super walmart 
Top 10 things you need to know about Amazon, Walmart sales day -  Finance DrAyesha4
Now it's Kroger or Walmart 
When Walmart over night has me a neat freak now 😫😫
Today's Find - Heat up that chilly room in your home with a bit of style and flare with this electric fireplace... 
 gbejuju they sell that at Walmart?
Learn more about the  CakeBoss Double Boiler at  Walmart.com >>  Baking  BorntoBake 
Never shopping at  Walmart again 0/10 
Unlock Straight Talk iPhone 5s Walmart 
 spoiled  littlewingedpig Walmart! Like 8 bucks I think.
What's in the future for  ecommerce?  Pickupcenters, according to  Walmart's CEO via  wef 
Congrats  ClemsonUniv for receiving  Walmart US Mfg Innovation Fund award for sustainable polyester fibers that repel water & oil  usmayors
 LordDanteVlado Walmart?
Top 10 things you need to know about Amazon, Walmart sales day -  Finance
 Toast_Queen  Liberal_Lunacy ... ew:Walmart.
I have an hour in a half to killin Walmart wtf am I gonna do
Walmart is subsidized by tax payers, they drive mom and pop stores out of business AND never have enough lanes open… 
I really don't feel like going too Walmart but I need some underclothes until I wash
 LynnKoraleski  We apologize. Pls contact our SC team at 866-224-1663 or email SavCatch wal-mart.com. -Dee
“I’m Happy For Patti, But It Should’ve Been Me” Miss Robbie Says Her Pies Should Be In Walmart 
Lookie what I found  AaronPritchett  24 at Walmart. I plan on getting one to make homemade soups and more with 
Me attempting to work from a Walmart McDonald's after the internet had died while out in the… 
I secretly only got an MRI so I could be pushed around Walmart. ✌🏼 
New on  LTG: One Touch Lattes with  indelight -->  LatteMadeEasy  AD  Walmart 
Walmart reshuffles management to integrate offline and online operations 
i can't help myself but buy cute star wars shirts every time i walk in walmart
. Walmart Urged to Sell Sustainable, Ethical Canned Tuna
  NotJustTuna
 MyleHally yes super Walmart don't fuck with Gucci pls
Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds of jobs this month: WSJ 
here   walmart and these motherfucking cute teddy bears seducing me to buy them , pls stop. i'm broke as fuck !!!!
 AngryHussite  AdVictoriam1978  Sargon_of_Akkad Because the government is their biggest client, that'd be like Walmart poisoning its food.
Walking around Walmart blind is not the wave . Forgot to put in my contacts . Now I can't avoid ppl I don't care to see fast enough 😓😭
 Walmart  RCAbrand in store. This is actually the second one. The first one was missing half the stuff! 😂 it's like a  seinfeld episode
It even smells like shit outside of Walmart ughhhhhhhh
Ya'll i saw sushi at walmart. DON'T. DO IT.
Don't step on my shoe w your off brand muddy Walmart boot howbow dah
It Funny GM has found    to create 7000 jobs & WalMart to create 24000 const jobs by opening 59 New Store
 realdonaldtrump remedial post! Walmart just cut 10,000 corporate jobs, lowered pay, hired 7,000 in their wake and you boast job credits.
Walmart couponing. It's not what you think? 

 mtfoster123 I can now add drunk guy stumbling around Walmart at 2 pm to that list. I've got a lot of great ones to choose from.
Walmart  5 
Hot Walmart Toy Clearance Deals - 
Hate going having to go to Walmart, someone accompany me
Walmart grocery bags were made for carrying groceries and bathroom trash cans
A lady in Walmart was like I love your hair. In my head I'm like "issa wig" 😂
feeling when entering a store - insomniac-arrest: walmart- paranoia 7/11- certainty target- home super... 
 realDonaldTrump Walmart adds more low income jobs keeping people poor. This is not a good idea.
 super7store no luck on  Walmart Exclusives today....oh well...this weekend ...it'll be ON!
 juiceDoom have you ever been to Walmart? Home Depot the people are always nice to me, but have no idea anything about thier areas
Host Lt Randy Sutton - Walmart Fires Police Officer For Being Police Offi  onair  talkradio
Walmart, GM Pledge to Create More US Jobs via  rushlimbaugh
On the blog are my 3 favorite ways to unwind and de-stress after a long day, written especially for moms!… 
Walmart Worker Turns In  350 He Found In Parking Lot--His Good Deed Ends Up Costing Him His Job
 wtf  wrong

Looking for more information about the Super Walmart project for the William Stanley Business Park?  Have... 
Don't forget to enter our  WalmartWednesday  giveaway by 11pm ET tonight for your chance to  win a  Walmart gift card.
 realDonaldTrump Walmart,theyre driving their employees to the poor farm
Thanks to idiots like you
25 Worst Dressed Walmart Customers  1 2017 
my sisters bf was just about to fight someone in walmart 😭
 SinCityTaxi  Walmart  pepsi  MountainDew Henderson  Sunset & Marks
 Walmart I actually don't want anything we got a  1.00 refund. Just wanted to try and help 😊
I'm at Walmart racking up on groceries for the crib
 SickofLibPigs  RotNScoundrel Actually, it's only  9 
One time when i worked at walmart this guy came up to me and was like are you a goth girl and i was like i guess why and then he asked
 Honey_JuJu8 the real question is since when did Walmart sell caskets
Sony liked Walmart's Splatoon  amiibo on Christmas
I'm still shocked and amused when a aria was asking me to take her to Walmart and I ignored her she goes " hello speak up do you hear me?"
Walmart has flannels for  5 a piece so naturally I copped 3 on sight. Frugal as fug
Why my baby hobbled to Walmart on crutches?!
Dude just farted on Cassidy in Walmart
If you are Steeler fan in Las Vegas there's a nice souvenir hanging up at Walmart right now. Go get it!! 
 Nascar_MT  PattyMurray Ex. Walmart is closing, major holders know, employee holders dont-the workers lose their   & the main guys make   
Shop the Ultimate Gift Guide All Year Long at Shop online forget the standing inline   "… 
 endhomelesnes Walmart homelessness guns climate change asshole Republicans!!! Poor Judy I'll buy you a lollipop and a balloon okay?
Ugggh... Walmart is the only close place to shop 😩😩😩 need to move  crunchystruggle
 Walmart I just didn't want someone to slip and fall or spend any money on that faulty Coke machine. It exploded all over my wife. 😐
bro i ran into my 3rd period teacher at walmart 😭 hell nah i hate him 😂 i was quick to turn the other way
All fun and games until regans mom asks the Walmart employees about porn and admits to being a drug dealer
Bon Jovi - (You Want To) Make A Memory (Walmart Soundcheck) 
you telling them you buy hoodies for walmart? 
Workday signs Walmart, a 2m-seat SAP SuccessFactors account [UPDATED] via  diginomica
Walmart: Mainstays Kitchen Island Cart, Multiple Finishes for just  99 (reg.  129) 
One eyebrow Walmart & one eyebrow Gucci wtf
 SinCityTaxi  Walmart  pepsi  MountainDew somebody had ONE JOB.
 Walmart Hey Store 989 in Metairie, LA. There's a leak there and 2 cans of Coke exploded from the machine. Couldn't find a manager.
 erykamah i can drive over to detroit and get a gram for 4  wtf wheres my walmart price checking
 AB8TN  Walmart  pepsi  MountainDew Or do they just use the same one year after year?
Glade Room Spray ONLY  0.41 at Walmart 
25 Worst Dressed Walmart Customers  1 2017: via  YouTube
Lmao someone was playin my song at Walmart line
Can anyone pick me up close to Arlington streets walmart at 4 and drop me off at my house?
 AB8TN  Walmart  pepsi  MountainDew How did that hang around for 8 years and just now get hung up? Lol.
lol I fuckin hate Walmart
 mcfw donna go to Walmart lol
I wish  DonGotDinero would bring me ice cream or thst Hershey bar from Walmart 😩
If we went to school together but we don't talk at all no more , and you see me in walmart . Leave me the fuck alone
We're stuck at Walmart right now, but once we get home I'll be ready to stream again 😄
WALMART CAKE FAIL || BRAIN'S BIRTHDAY via  YouTube
Companies spent  1,004 per employee on training in 2014. Read how is Walmart changing this: via  FortuneMagazine
 WalmartNewsroom You should totes  advertise that again.  I'm gonna head to the SE Fresno  walmart to grocery shop in a bit.
 3M in  Walmart Grants for  Manufacturing Research to further research that brings  textile  mfg back onshore 
Learn about the new changes coming for Walmart's Global Business Services devision  ecommerce
 bacci33 We're sorry to hear you are not pleased. Was this an in-store or purchase? -Dee
 SarahBroad123 It's supposed to be all about drinking until 5 am and sleeping in the Walmart parking lot though. 😂
Politics don't matter if you're still shopping at Walmart ::side to side finger snap emoji::
Colonial Heights Police Are Seeking A Walmart Robbery Suspect 
... because Walmart trips are the best! 
 nude girls in walmart nude massage sex video 
rockin in the free world by neil young is playing in walmart i love life
 OceanSprayInc Bought Ruby Cranberry Blend today in  Walmart.  Got home & date is BB28Nov16. Is it okay 2drink? (Tossed my receipt already)
U ain't gon catch me in no Walmart brand. I wear dat Costco shiiiiiii 
 number1bajan  WLTX There was a Honda matching that car stolen from WalMart on Garners Ferry last Friday.
 News  USA  World JUST IN: WALMART MAKES MASSIVE ANNOUNCEMENT BECAUSE OF TRUMP…IT’S HAPPENING!… 
Score a touchdown for the living room with our Ashwood Road Media Electric... by  lexiquin via  c0nvey
Score a touchdown for the living room with our Ashwood Road Media Electric... by  Lscrogham via  c0nvey
We are at Walmart and my dad just asked if I needed condoms for Indy.....................
Score a touchdown for the living room with our Ashwood Road Media Electric... by  NICKIEISIS3 via  c0nvey
Anna Sun is playing in Walmart and my heart is happy
 KathleenForGood  Walmart  Jet  ChainStoreAge Congratulations
nude teens at walmart 
 chupy_borba  9 at walmart
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  100 Walmart Gift Card - Free Same Day PRIORITY Mail / Tracking - Get it…… 
 sarahkayyy15  domosexuaI with her square shaped nails go back to walmart
when the primer youve been searching for is in walmart :)))
Budweiser Cool Six Cooler Snack Set for  9 + pickup at Walmart

 lvalenzuelaaa69 dollar tree! Unless you need a lot then I'd say just buy the helium tank they sell for balloons at Walmart it's like  20
 CocaineLush  pinksmart21  J0MAEL it is. I was against shea moisture completely but 1 day I ran out of my conditioner and had to run Walmart
 dukedynamite You mean the Walmart in Warsaw, IN won't get autograph signings?
 WanderinPoet Actually, items made, assembled, sourced, or grown in the U.S. account for ~2/3rds of what we spend to buy products at Walmart
This is disrespectful to Walmart greeters. 
I forgot to get cereal at Walmart end my life
"It's literally just tag in Walmart but it's so much fun!!"
When you think of  Walmart,  technology may not be the first thing on your mind.  WiDS  interview w/ Kelly Thompson 
Bih said i can't let her be a superhero' lmao in walmart 
I tried  Walmart grocery pickup for the first time today. I think I'm in love. Except they were out of gift bags.
walmart people  Walmart before the blizzard.  The last photograph is pretty funny!   walmartpeople   
Walmart Anchored Shopping Center in Phoenix Sold for  41.3 Million - 
Stripe Panties,  Nice Ass in Walmart 
 mickeygoldchill mom would only buy me the Walmart brand....
 NellyyyBass omg me too! lol they make them taste 100x better haha. I think this one is from walmart. Super cheap and it works great.
When there's an extremely hot manager at this Walmart and you're too scared to start a conversation or flirt w/ them 😞
 realDonaldTrump YES! More Walmart Employees who can collect food stamps! Great Job Mr President-Elect!
can't go into Walmart without getting creeped on, wtf
 realDonaldTrump Walmart pays min wage jerk
i jumped in a box of giant bears, rode a bike (kind of) for the 1st time in a decade & found a baby cactus   walmart stoned af last night
Look what I found in Walmart! 😯❤ 
You're right I forgot condoms from Walmart are the same thing as birth control and healthcare 
There's like some FBI shit going on at Walmart rn
 Walmart Harry in frozen foods Hope Mills, NC awesome job finding me assistance in veggie dept! Another guy took time to see if I need help
JUST IN: WALMART MAKES MASSIVE ANNOUNCEMENT BECAUSE OF TRUMP…IT’S HAPPENING! - 
On here at Walmart
Walmart I can point you to some low prices
I went to walmart to buy a ice scraper and I forgot to buy one
 andrearick11 and I's friendship would be nothing without Walmart runs
 modernbeauty101 You can get it   Walmart for 9  💃🏻
 DeloreanJoey  USFreedomArmy Good point. Nothing assuages contrived outrage like a flatscreen looted from the local Walmart.
They just played Aventura at Walmart lmao 😭
The valentine's day decorations in walmart make me want to gag
 mooreofchayse lmfaoo yooooooo in my Walmart days forsure 😂😂😂
 jacksthesizzler IM IN WALMART RIGHT AND I SEE A CALENDER OF JUSTIN AND THE FIRST THING I DO IS SAY "MY SON" AND THEN MY MOM SAYS
 Walmart even in this case
Good. I wouldn't go the bathroom in a Walmart without a gun and rubber gloves. 
Told some guy he had Walmart jeans on and a bad haircut last night , my way of insulting someone 😂😂😂😅
I went to Walmart and got everything except the thing I went there for 😑😑😑
 Walmart can't return fire arms against federal law is what store told me
 realDonaldTrump min wage jobs tax cuts for walmart workers on food stamps then spend their food stamps at walmart... a win win for walmart
Rochester, N.H. Fire Responds to Gas Leak at Walmart 
Don't fall for Walmart's gimmicks! Check out Pres. Wendell W. Young, IV's quote in the Christian Science Monitor. 


The State Bureau of Investigation is looking into phone scams looking to get Walmart gift cards from elderly people… 
Ich mag das  YouTube-Video: WWE ACTION INSIDER: Walmart UNBOXING, NEW Kmart Exclusive Wrestling Figures,
 Walmart I've noticed the difference in customer service for WM in Hope Mills, NC! Please let your staff know they are doing a great job!
Dream job- manager of the shoe department at Walmart
With  Adora_Belly tracking down a Walmart
We goin to Walmart today and I'm def gon see if they got that game lol
The holographic Royal & Langnickel Moda Prismatic Pro Makeup Brushes will launch next month at Walmart.  January 18, 2017 at 09:36PM The Ro…
Walmart just don't know, all hell is abt to break loose ..
Walmart vs Target 
i was so mad wow. ordered this desk from walmart, when the shit come it was rotten-_- now i have to go return this flippen desk
 lovelywreck_  Gage_Alvarez I think I saw this at Walmart. But it's always fun to make them the old way.
Wow look what Walmart is trying to sell people nowadays 
I really hope i get this job at Walmart.
Healthtex Toddler Girls’ Bubble Puffer Jacket Only  5.50 (Regularly  14.97)… 
 "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" ?? Which is fake news?
Walmart is having a sale on makeup. 50 cent lip color. 
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  CricketRewards Download today!  
 gemni888 I saw a great 3 figure pack Bash at the Beach 1996 Sting, Macho and Luger at WalMart
 _DeathOmen  hippi_christi  _hanawing  badrianacarril1  Alex274016  NathanRojas5  ChainsawReacts went to Walmart la… 
Chanel vs walmart 
 TEN_GOP Gloria Allred would show up at the Grand opening of a Walmart if she though the news would be there,now that woman is overrated
Grabbed these at  Walmart for my monthly "Me Time" date. Roses and OREO THINS? Yes, please! 
 Jason____Curtis Thank you for sharing your concerns w/us. Please take a moment to also share at -Dee
 Walmart has so many cash registers and only 2 of them are ever open!! Lol so annoying
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART VLOG !!!
When you connect your phone to the stereos at Walmart  SuicideChrist  suicideLEOPARD 📹: OzzyAZARRAB 
 RockefellerFdn  Walmart  WhiteHouse .But not men, right Rockefeller as they see through your satanic NWO motives!!
 JohnDranski Unfortunately no. Republicans are doomed to spend their days shuffling along the aisles at Walmart and watching Fox News.
Got the Walmart seasonal beauty box, can't wait to go home and open it 😋
Last minute shopped for interview clothes and I do say I'm pretty spiffy. Who knew Walmart had a decent 3 AM selection
Walmart touts boosting U.S. job count by 10,000 
How to hire young untapped talent, from us, Walmart & WhiteHouse – Listen now on CEB Talent Angle:… 
How to hire young untapped talent, from us,  Walmart &  WhiteHouse – Listen now on CEB Talent Angle:… 
 meiyeezy Give Titanfall 2 a shot - it's really phenomenal! 
Won't Last Long!!! FREE Winter Beauty Boxes From Walmart! -  couponers  couponing  couponingcommunity
Not impressed until working for Walmart offers living wages and it doesn't require multiple jobs or government aid… 
 PRT  BabyFood  Beech Nut Naturals Apple Cinnamon and Granola Stage 2 
 k___c_  L_PapS42 Walmart is one of the most efficient corporations of all time... you're absolutely insane
'cause some of us (like meeeee) can live on walmart wages and have more than enough money to go out and buy shit we want *after* our bills.
 RCAbrand thanks! But I think I'm better off returning it to  Walmart  POS
 Marcus_Stampes Walmart
Walmart Tackle Vlog | Vlog  11: via  YouTube
nude girls from walmart 
Haven't been to Walmart in six months... went today and everyone looked like they were dying a sad and miserable death...
How come the "speedy checkout" at Walmart is never speedy
Tripped & fell down the stairs this morning at 6 and hurt my foot then I proceeded to go to Walmart and trip in the entrance. Happy Hump Day
"Walmart doesn't pay their employees enough to live on!"

excuse u, i work at walmart, and i have more than enough to live on
Amazon to accept food stamps, taking on Walmart

Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance 
Disney Baby Minnie Mouse Peekaboo Infant To Toddler Rocker Just  27.88 (Reg.  50) at Walmart & ... 
Walmart Surprises Inspiring Teacher with  25K! | via  TheEllenShow
So true but don't know how to feel about considering I work at Walmart  Robron 
 rm2986 Thanks for reaching out to us. Please visit our Feedback Team at so that we can better assist. -Dee
 JetHeads  Jet -then found out they are Walmart 
tryna holla at someone in the walmart parking lot prolly isn't going to work in your favor
So it's confirmed. The guy who lives DIRECTLY ACROSS FROM ME also works at Walmart. He's an assistant manager. Wtf lol
Thanks to our partner  HispanicMarketD for this great exhibition at  Walmart! Our clients are ready for  SB51… 
When did Walmart start selling  Supameep's?? 
while I was writing that tweet a man came in and thought this was Walmart ??
Walmart opens first Florida training academy in region 
If someone bought some Shaq shoes from Walmart they will not feel fresh. It's the power of the dollar.
 gabrielleshines  Walmart  UPS  WEConnection Walmart?
The plus side to all this ice in Spokane is that we can play pick up hockey anywhere! Let's go body check people at Walmart or Safeway eh!
 karndawn Yeah, Walmart is where I found them. I grabbed five last night, but should've grabbed the entire basket.
Join us at the Walmart Museum for an evening of legendary jazz guitarist performances by Frank Vignola & Vinny... 
Yea I'm bout too get my food go to Walmart and go chill in the house the day is over lol
 CBSNews I do not trust your news reports
You sicken me. Journalism degrees should be sold at Walmart for  6.99. With a few ultra rich owner
Background courtesy of the Idi Amin Collection at Walmart 
 L_PapS42 you're saying Walmart made that much in one year or in its entire existence
walking around walmart after leg day like there's a stick up my ass<<
 SenBookerOffice  SenSchumer  AGScottPruitt  Booker, we don't want Trump deniers, quit and go work at Walmart.
gucci vs walmart 
 NütrlVodka Nüs - Here's why  amazon  Walmart & more retailers are being sued by  OfficialRunDMC… 
Quit that Walmart job ASAP! 
Sunbelt Bakery Chewy Granola Bars ONLY  1.08 at Walmart (Reg  2.38) 
An Interview with Jay McNaught,  WalMart, on Growing Global  Leadership Development  nolecture 
 k___c_ btw there are 11,500 Walmarts in the world 😂 and Amazon only made 89 billion in revenue compared to 485 billion for Walmart
Pantene Intense Hydration 3-Piece Gift Set for  9 + pickup at Walmart - 
waiting on my w-2 from walmart like come on!
 chumizzoo  eraboi14  EzequielMercad5  DavilaEmmanuel Ima take all the irons from Walmart pa desarugar that bad ass jacket you got. 😂😂
 tiapaige__ girl u better go to walmart
Walmart Liveme Fluffy_ cloud6: 
SCREW ALL THESE WALMART PHOTO CENTER PEOPLE WHO RIPPED ME OFF  80
Walmart Makes MASSIVE Job Announcement All Because of Trump! - - Donald trump, Trump 
📷 socialjusticeinamerica: Walmart and the Walton foundation funded Trump and Congressional Republicans... 
Walmart Corporate San Bruno   950 Elm Ave Rain or Shine until 1:30pm... Beep Beep! 
Just said "not today Satan" really loud in Walmart if that tells you how my day is going
Chanel v Walmart  Robron 
"I live in beverly hills and work at walmart😍😍🖒💯" yes Queen of driving over an hour to work every day to a Walmart that doesn't exist
Wolf took a trip to walmart to buy pants. What happened was some questionable Walmart behavior in the fitting rooms… 
I have never been a fan of Walmart but... their deals for many prescription drugs can't be beat.
This time of... 
Walmart got Wynonna Judd playing and I walked past two women singing their souls out to it
 TacosNSlurpees  NickTheSlick12 how about one tiffanys, 2 Macy's and some Walmart?😂
 Walmart Why does a bag of grapes cost  7.18?
I'm gonna go to walmart after I shower and buy some fabric to start making her a dress
Gas station at Walmart 🤔 we deff need that back in ny
I need to call Walmart
Hanes Women's French Terry Zip Hoodie Jacket for  5 + pickup at Walmart

Last night at walmart with  thomas_resch , my new style😅😘 
I'm proving you're an idiot. If one needs pill go to Walmart. If one wants condom go to Amazon.  Annual exams go to… 
We join the Walmart Brunswick drama already in progress (Original) 
I'm at  Walmart in White Plains, NY 
MERITO ACHIOTE YUCTO  [ Save 98% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
3 predictions for the future of  retail – from the CEO  Walmart
Via  wef  CX 
 Stonewall_77  Walmart just wait now this sounds like a fake story to me.   
I my god Walmart be taking forever to contract you! 😥😥  UnPatient
Is there an HDMI adapter at Walmart for an Android Galaxy Prime?
Walmart: Sunbelt Bakery Granola Bars  .74 
 lexandthecities  DawnAtDark  cheapcoffeewarmer Ladies, Bea should be able to afford this for you! 
when u haven't been out all weekend and your mom asks if u wanna go to walmart 
 DannyLaShep  WalkOnTony  NoelLaScheff  JeremyyyLe  JaeRoar  BBunnyGirl_  BlindWaveProd went to Walmart last night 
Thanks Walmart for sending me a shitty replacement tv, and not even even being close to the tv I originally had. 😡
Thank you to Ball Bag Motors and Walmart for love liquor the big jobs pimp smear the tuna into the U.S.!
 Walmart Never get help at Contact Us!  Just get the runaround with computer generated responses designed to hide the scam your running.
 realDonaldTrump  so Melania should wear Walmart clothes because your supporters  shop their . Your voters shop at Walmart not Tom Ford.
While at Walmart I was approached by a man who asked me if I've ever considered being a stripper. So that's how my day is going
 shaylaanthony Thanks for sharing your concerns regarding Market side Salads. Please call 1-888-287-1976 Mon-Fri, 7am-5pm CST. -Dee
 rebecca_yang_  JeffWPerry we're  definitely not welcome back in that Walmart
 L_PapS42 Walmart just closed 269 stores this month ........... How many stores do they even have 😂
I'm trying to find someone that I bust this pussy open for at the mall or his job or Walmart. Somewhere fun lol let's almost get caught
I'm at Walmart in Oreamuno, Cartago 
Walmart plans to open 59 new stores, create 10,000 jobs 
 realDonaldTrump great .  Now Walmart will have even more employees who can go on food stamps. Corporate welfare.
 GameStop  Lordpicklejar im planing on getting the Switch at walmart or gamestop but trading your Wii U is not worth it tho
Smh someone lemme know when they find these!!! They not at Walmart!!!!! 
 Walmart What's going in with the direct deposits for Greendot?
 realDonaldTrump  Thank you Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! Whew, Im not only 1 who pays employees  poverty wages
 ReTweet  CleanWater  Activated Carbon Household Water Tap Filter Faucet 
 poachimer  otteresspee  the_cow_buster no mother, if i wanted the c class ID GO TO THE GODDAMN WALMART 

TAKE 
IT
BoeingCK
 TheEmmaTyler  JordanUhl  CorrectRecord Do you work in walmart? Not that anything wrong with that. and R U planning a school shooting?
Sign up for Free Walmart Seasonal Beauty Box – pay  5 shipping 
I just walked into Walmart to buy shit for my mom just to realize I didn't bring any money inside 😒🔫
So I go to  ultabeauty to get my eyebrows done and I walk out with them exact same. I wasted  21. Thanks. I'll stick to Walmart
 xozainabxo guhd. Bring tissues with you. Use dat walmart   
Beware of Walmart gift card scam targeting the elderly 
So Walmart has these super nice facials for like 1.30 . Ya welcome.
 realDonaldTrump Yeah, Walmart pays great! Your kids should work there!  Dick
i stopped doing this 😭 ppl already  confessing their lives to me as i'm getting eggs at walmart for no damn reason 
Walmart is bigger in Texas.
Walmart, Saige's school, and the bank are all within a quarter of a mile of our house. 😐
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Kenny Chesney - Coastal (Walmart Soundcheck)
Creepin' at Walmart ‼️ 
Trump does not Tweet to the Bush family prayers. But tweets about Walmart.
Thanks for helping me get my life together  Oreo &  Walmart  <3  ad  newOREOThins 
Put all the games in a locked case so nobody can steal them, then make sure no workers are around so nobody can buy them. Thanks  Walmart.
Yes, take Walmart out of Mexico. 
Knik was supposed to take Saige to school, run to Walmart and bank and come back. It's been an hour 😂
Pushing around a broken Walmart shopping cart should be a new cardio workout
Should've went to Walmart , but I'm forever lazy
 DJJazzyJody if you're wrong we riot. Outside the Walmart where you take your sugar shots... 😂
feeling when entering a store - walmart- paranoia 7/11- certainty target- home super target- your... 
 realDonaldTrump lol make america great again with work for  7/hr at walmart.
Walmart is celebrating their 30th anniversary with Children's Miracle Network Hospitals this year.... 
 jack728 Thaere's also a format out now called XC standing for "extra capacity". We saw it at Walmart, last night.
i seriously just stood in walmart for fifteen plus minutes trying to pick out pencils for school... hardest decision i have made all day..
 ReTweet  CarSeat  phil Alpha Infant Car Seat Black/Red 
 rudbls  Nailers_Off_Ice Walmart, not Hills.
In line at Walmart like I have all damn day! Lol
Walmart chicken is leftover zoo animals infected w penguin flu 
 504Maggie no they're doing construction and I'm stuck waiting for train so I can go to Walmart cuz I can't afford to boycott them today
 heatherlou_  TheBoydP DMV = WalMart = Apple Store as I always comes out pissed off af after being in those places… 
 worldwidetruth1  PCsBeard of course it's at  Walmart!
 ttpm kooky cookie Walmart  4.82 iron helmet Amazon  71.50 total 76.32  TTPMLIVE
 ttpm shopkins kooky Walmart, Marvel Iron man helmet amazon 76.32  TTPMLIVE
Glad its no the first of the month.   Walmart Gallup 
Walmart again.. 
Walked through Walmart and saw the "Wall of Honor"
Where ya at tho?¿  turntoPAIGE17  HolySchmidt_25  LMaddox24
Amazon is crushing Walmart, eBay, and Target in the growing mobile shopping space via  sai
hope the person that stole my wallet was disappointed when they realized the only beneficial things in there to them is Walmart gift cards
 Walmart a GV product I bought doesn't have a back label.
 ttpm shopkin walmart marvel at amazon - total 76.32  TTPMLIVE
 ttpm Shopkins - walmart & marvels - amazon - total 76.32.  TTPMLIVE
Lmfao walmart sells razer equipment 😂😂😂
 TTPM  TTPMLIVE   shopkin walmart   helmet amazon   76.32
My favorite hobbies are jammin' on my planner and getting my snack on.  newOREOthins  Walmart [ad] 
Score a touchdown for the living room with our Ashwood Road Media Electric... by  amyd16323 via  c0nvey
We must oppose any new trade deals that only take away from American workers and ship their jobs overseas. Boycott Walmart
⚡️ “Walmart is adding 10,000 jobs”


gigi u need to take me to walmart when i get there on thrusday i need things
Can't fucking go to Walmart , can't go to chipotle , CANT DO ANYTHING WITHOUT IT TAKING AN HOUR
so walmart has home delivery and there is a laundry that picks up your clothes and then delivers them back IM NEVER LEAVING THIS PLACE AGAIN
I just spent  100 I didn't have. I'm gone need to work at walmart or something while I wait for something better. 😯😯😯
 dlondonnyu rural voters won't rush to have a local walmart replaced with smaller more expensive store I don't think... some caution needed
 tcveIo He's Chanel and I'm Walmart.
Need these 3-Packs exclusive at Walmart. (Only in US) What about funko-maniacs from Europe? 😕😕 
 JaredF1410 iight 
I'm at  Walmart Pharmacy in Walker, LA 
Walmart is Giving Away Free Gift Card   Walmart  giftcard  win  GIVEAWAY  freebies… 
 BradEYoung  Walmart  BettyMWhite 

Such a wonderful idea!
😆😂
Pet peeve: when people get pissy when you use the "wrong door" at Walmart. Like dude it's like ten feet wide I think you're good. 🙄🤗
Learning  Stormwater from  Walmart this week and got to check out this amazing building! Who is it built by???… 
"save more, live less... walmart" -  bonjour_olivia
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Vlog_004 Walmart Chaos
Uhhh I have to go back to Walmart the fuKED MY PHONE U
My card got declined at self checkout the other day, and I ain't even notice, tried to walk outta Walmart n they ran up on me 😭
PPP LIVE: WALMART SHOPPERS YOU MUST WATCH THIS!! 
COUPONS YOU NEED ---->>>... 
Score a touchdown for the living room with our Ashwood Road Media Electric... by  Deb55106 via  c0nvey
 deannas1078 Walmart!!
 Walmart you're part of one of the biggest presales in electronics currently yet you dont have employees manning phones? how sway?
Walmart Employee Gets Caught Flexing In The Bathroom By His Boss Reaction! 
I swear Walmart grocery pickup is the best thing in the whole wide world
 DeanNoelMullen We're here and listening. What can we do for you? -Dee
 kurteichenwald  drhug No, they should ask their WalMART cashier to perform their next surgery...
Pretty sure I broke my knee again in the Walmart parking lot :)))))
 Ike45 Sadly, I haven't found them at Walmart the last couple of weeks. They sold bags of them for a while. I'd go through a bag a week.
 BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Live better with BHG and Walmart!!  WalmartWednesday
Good afternoon,
 
The Memphis Urban League will host a Hiring Event at 413 N. Cleveland Street for Walmart... 
 Voltron Walmart Freehold, NJ. Finally a store that has Voltron!! 
I've been searching for onion bagels at Walmart for months now and I finally found them!  happypreggo 🤰🏼🤤
Example Answer: Barbie- Amazon & Paw Patrol -Walmart Total:  49.69  TTPMLIVE
Am i the only one who has to walk around Walmart with a list because I'm scared of the money ima spend !? SMH
We need to think of all the jobs that will be created by bringing the Manufacturing jobs back! supplier, services j… 
 Walmart Do you have employees working today in the DMV? I've called 4 stores & no one has answered. Do your phones work?
On my way!!  Walmart 
 realDonaldTrump And do you know where the money will come from to remodel Walmart US? FROM MEXICO you will reimburse us the money I suppose
 realDonaldTrump walmart, the anti-Christ of grocery stores.
Someone go to Walmart with me.
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 290 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 1/18/2017 2:15:43 PM
 realDonaldTrump Walmart sells cheap Chinese made shit, just like the shitty Trump branded product you have manufactured there.
 jenrigatoni I've just experimented with cheaper brands from Walmart and stuff to practice I'm not the best at applying
My mom just text me and told me my dad went and bought a phone at Walmart bc he forgot his   home today😂
 evanlemons Can you share location of purchase w/us? Also, pls call 888-658-6325, M-F 7 AM - 5:30 PM CST, so we can work to improve. -Dee
"You look like a Walmart meme"
Amazon is crushing Walmart, eBay, and Target in the growing mobile shopping space (AMZN) | 
 DOMtheB0MB Walmart is public tho
I'm out of BBQ chicharrones 😭 now I gotta go back to Walmart and buy more.
Walmart gangstas...lol 
 DOMtheB0MB it is if you go out to Walmart
 cenobite_crunch  dravensnight Oh, right. You were hunched over with stomach pains in Walmart. Good times.
Just remember shop eat at Subway and spend at Walmart 
EEOC Sues Walmart for Discriminating Against Employee with Intellectual Disability: 
I liked a  YouTube video Spaghetti and Meatballs in the Crock Pot Slow Cooker~Walmart Italian Style Meatballs
Quote of the day from my two year olds: "First we're going to Walmart, then we're going to SPACE!" 😂
 mitchellvii  BreitbartNews This is great! 'Hope that Walmart is truly cooperating here by Honestly paying employees 'livable' wages.
 lizakoshy my frens & I went on a Walmart adventure and everything I found that was a dollar, I screamed, "a dOLLA?????!!!!!!!" pls be proud
 SaraRastoder I saw a toy frog at Walmart the other day with a boombox that you squeezed and it played that song... It was awful lol
Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs

Sorry guys, but I need to vent!!😡 So I went to WALMART. I noticed this lady was staring at me in the aisle I was... 
 AStat321 this guy talking to me about sfv when he is stranded in a walmart parking lot lol
So fucking sad...  consumerism  education  walmart  indoctrinatetheyouth  resist 
This blanket was only  10 at Walmart. And I'm so in love. 😻 
the shepherds = walmart brand greil mercenaries
You care about other people? That's BS...you care about continuing a lying ass agenda.  Walmart offers  9 BC 
 simplywohoo then buy glasses and a hearing aid. I'm sure Walmart has options for your cheap taste.
 WalmartCanada and  Visa compromise and resume business.  retailnews  walmart  visa 
Spending time at Walmart and sitting in Subway drinking a Black Cherry KickStart. 
 alephpapalote  sophie_sant  PoetaCaminate  ahuizotl70  mrtiquio  elro52  Al_Ruiiz  saos50  latati2  ingridl1944 / gringas: walmart, bodega
There are few things I hate more than touching Walmart shopping carts. 😷
Come to Walmart for some sweet rollbacks!  boost  klchadd21 
Stocking up. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Berlin, MD) 
 Agranet  Walmart urged to sell sustainable canned tuna 
Walmart online is the best thing ever bruh.
 indystar yep, Amway (DeVos), Walmart (Walton), and RCI (Dehaan)     pouring into IN pols = promote charter/voucher movement/undo public sch
 don_mallory  RetailDive I've never been to a B&M Walmart. But they were the only online store that had a hard to find item. Impressed!
I noticed the abundance of Mega Latios Collection boxes showing up at Walmart...  PokemonTCG
 ToreyWayne near sports com by that new Walmart
On our way to Walmart lol   Waikiki Beach 
Most Walmart managers are amazing and helpful people, but SOME WORK MY NERVES LIKE IT'S WHAT THEY'RE PAID FOR
They call me Walmart greeter cause I'm useless as fuck
Every single day I got one eyebrow lookin like Victoria's Secret and the other one lookin like Walmart
 Lee_Luzadder I was never working there. I've been with Walmart, east cooper and now I'm working for the north face.
 PhreshVisionAce flash money in their videos. I look at it like this, if you aren't willing to go broke doing this... Walmart is hiring lol
WALMART  deny_yah1356  Kitawalker3 😭😭😂😂😂 
What? Walmart accused of selling contaminated food after Fort McMurray wildfire 
 Walmart yes more than once
 PetersonDaily on the other hand it has kind of developed into "let's go to a different Walmart" syndrome for me. 😕
S/o to Augie for that Walmart quality wifi 👏🏽
Found over  349.49 in potential profit from Walmart/Health to sell on Amazon!  OA
What's  OnSale This Week  Walmart  Grocery Flyer by  YourFlyerLady 
Walmart booty franche latina 
Walmart Beauty Box Just  5 Shipped via Couponing to Disney - A new Walmart Beauty Box is ... 
 mary_olliff  Trumpwall2016  POberembt  ClaraJeffery  NEAMedia  MotherJones Think it means Trumpwanker just bought anew Conflater at Walmart
 KateBlackDC So "30% of women can't afford BC" ( 9 at Walmart) but 72% of Americans own smart phones.

Suuuure, Kat… 
Get that  2017 for 2017 & live that  SolarLife! Wagan Solar Car Battery Charger (item  2017...get it?!)  Walmart -… 
Amazon is crushing Walmart, eBay, and Target in the growing mobile  android  ios  Kindle 
 sydneyweber29 I was there for top 10 craziest ppl of Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video from  heythatsholly Walmart Beauty Box Winter
My baby has this habit of taking her own diaper off 😑 like umm... I dont dance to walmart & get free diapers hunny
breast enhancement creams at walmart via  YouTube
Walmart on that boof shit talking bout "we don't have those here"
 spnfanforlife Oh no! Great book choices are a must. Have you brought this to the attention of our store mgmt? -Dee
Why are they playing bachata in Walmart right now 🤔
i step in shit in my closet and then i being silly at walmart good pooping bye
Walmart: Campbell’s Skillet Sauces for  .98 
Forskolin Walmart Review & Trial Offer News - 
Omnichannel 2017: Amazon and Walmart Make Moves by  emarketer 
 kathy_g_rennie  Walmart wink wink wink
Just got a job answering phones at Walmart  swvnz (Vine by SWVNZ) 
Scam targets seniors in Alabama with Walmart gift cards  Seniors 
 realDonaldTrump funny, when I go into  Walmart I usually have to wait on myself.  nocashiers  selfcheckout  walmart
Score a touchdown for the living room with our Ashwood Road Media Electric... by  xbleedingblissx via  c0nvey
I go to Walmart every weekend and don't buy any nail tips🙄
Ajax Dish Liquid ONLY  0.57 at Walmart 
Another Reason to avoid Walmart peeps.  BackTheBlue 
Want to work at Philips North America? We're  hiring in  USA! Click for details:  Job  Jobs
 Walmart Will do, thanks again
 realDonaldTrump The Walmart jobs trap people in poverty. Not building the middle class.
Y'all see what I gotta deal with.. my mom stay on my ass ughhhhh 😤came to my job, wasn't there so had to lie and sa… 
Trynna hit up walmart for some damn hot pockets
 WillRever Oh my! That sounds a little unbalanced. Has this been resolved? -Dee
Not a huge fan of going to Walmart, but I'll give them a pass today since they played Tenth Avenue Freeze-out 5 minutes after I walked in.
Budweiser Cool Six Cooler Snack Set for  9 + pickup at Walmart - 
 SoulBrotha_skoo I still didn't steal that lol. I got that from Walmart for  3.79 lol
 realDonaldTrump yes... Thanks Walmart.... Who thanks Walmart?  Don't think he's ever shopped there
Walmart Adds American Jobs as Donald Trump Pressures Companies | 
A Windows 2-in-1 from RCA? Yep, grab yours now from  Walmart 
A&W 4-Piece Root Beer Float Set for  8 + pickup at Walmart - 
Lebanon needs a book store because Lebanon's  Walmart has a lousy book person. Never puts books out on dates they're released
Found my next job⚡️ “Walmart is adding 10,000 jobs”


WEDNESDAY'S WORD is...  WALLYBOOGER: noun; 1) a person or thing that shops at WalMart between the hours of 2am... 
 Trump_Regrets he promised good jobs for you guys, so you can forget part time Walmart and /or target jobs. Let's see.
 barrera_bj South side Walmart.
Goes to Walmart for toothpaste. Leaves with potatoes and no toothpaste.
Tum-E Yummies Drinks Only  0.38 at Walmart! - 
- Daily savings center - Your hottest offers of today at Walmart
News:  Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs via  CNNMoney   Walmart
. Walmart set to shutter  StPete store in March.  retail  TampaBay  businessnews Via  WFLA 
i got some off brand happy socks at walmart called happy style
Casa Fiesta Refried Beans, 16 oz  [ Save 97% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
Why is the "pill" for women even being discussed?! Seriously? It's only  9 at Walmart w/NO insurance! 🙄  realDonaldTrump  seanhannity  MAGA
Me and Joe went to Walmart yesterday to get them new Cinnamon Frosted Flakes and them hoes was sold out!!!!! I hate y'all fat asses!
Walmart outlines 2017 goals for American job growth and community investment
 economicdevelopment  siteselection
Walmart discusses company plans to create American  jobs and invest in local communities in 2017  CSR
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Fort Smith, AR 
So this is the 4th time I've gotten complimented on my fucking 4 dollars Hanes sweatshirt literally from Walmart 🤣
That's handy, I actually run across this often. Like at the Walmart where 4g is dead for no apparent reason.

 
Thanks for joining us! Remember, you can find our  BabyChestRub in  Walmart,  RiteAid &  grocerystores near you!  lovematys
Shockingly, despite committing in the U.S., U.K, & Canada --  Walmart refuses to end cruel cages in Mexico. Walmart… 
 NickTheSlick12  TacosNSlurpees I want one tiffanys purchase, we can spend the rest at Walmart.
Member Notice: The Rochester Walmart In-store branch has reopened. We apologize for the inconvenience.
naked walmart 
 Branzzzzz they have red bulls at Walmart (-:
Walmart Beauty Box | January 17, 2017: via  YouTube
Third Eye Blind to Perform at Walmart AMP  NWAnews  NWark --  
Walmart is pulling out of St. Petersburg's Midtown neighborhood 
"Isn't it nice to have something real on your hand and not walmart around your neck" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭  Emilie_Tuck
idk if i want to go to walmart, but i feel like there was something i needed from there
 trading_4_fun  Walmart  LULU  AMZN  DKS. and  SBUX
 JeffMacke are you still long  Walmart?
Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond:  KO  PEP  MCD  Walmart  KSS  LYB  STX WDC
Dogs Of The Dow: 2011-2016  CAT  IBM  XOM  Walmart  KO  GS  DIA  DOG  DXD  UDOW  SDOW  DDM  UDPIX
 TGT  DLTR  M  Walmart  BURL:

Traders look for opportunities in discounted retail stocks:


Finally we agree BK  Walmart going lwr -  timseymour  BKBrianKelly   GuyAdami   DavidSeaburg
 JeffMacke The fact that  Walmart in a recen press realease said we need to be more customer centric is a tell tale sign.
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Stake Raised by Reilly Financial Advisors LLC 
 MaralynBurstein >90% of  TGT stores can be seen from the freeway.  Walmart is 20min out of town. Kmart is somewhere behind a used car lot.
 JeffMacke  AMZN knows how to build an Internet DC,  Walmart  TGT not so much.
 ICNB Christie Brinkley heating up "ChilledMagazine"
NEW Organic Wine from N. Italy  wmt aapl sbux ko trtc hemp talk
Convert underperf stores to Dist Centers. Carry 5-10x the inventory.  AMZN needs to build out local hood DCs.  TGT &  Walmart already have them
 JeffMacke I've always posited that  Walmart needs to leverage their existing stores to enhance their online sales by offering free shipping to
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Stake Cut by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group 
 Walmart Target takes down retail 
Playing The  Trump Effect On FX Markets  Walmart  FXB  FXY 
 Walmart Do Donald Trump's Jobs Claims Really Add Up? 
 TGT  Walmart  JCP  KSS:

Trump bump evaporates for Target and other retail stocks:


Walmart cuts prices & staff!  Walmart to kill 1K corporate jobs by end of month to cut costs, focus e-commerce [VIDEO] 
 Walmart  AMZN  IBM  Google  FB:

Your Clothes Will Be on the Radio:


The Last Man On The Moon  BoeingC  C  CMA  DB  GM  GS  JPM  LOW  MS  TIF  UNH  Walmart  XOM  BTI  HYMLF  KBE  KRE 
The Tech Sector's Bold New Era: Updates for 2017  Walmart  EBoeingY  BoeingBoeing  TGT
News:  Aldi Cheaper Than  WalMart? Deutsche Bank Conducts Study  Walmart
 Walmart Wal-Mart Continues Heavy Reliance On Sourcing Goods From China 
 Trump vs  Amazon: One  Tweet Away From Crashing...  amzn  ecommerce  tech  investing  wmt  spy  dia  qqq  politic… 
Benzinga: All The Retailers That Could Feel The Effects Of The GOP's Tax Efforts  BBY  COST  HD  Walmart
All The Retailers That Could Feel The Effects Of The GOP's Tax Efforts  BBY  COST  HD  Walmart
Wal-Mart Has a New Plan to Take on Amazon  themotleyfool  stocks  AMZN  Walmart  amazon  almart  shopping  retail
Target Cuts Earnings Forecast Following Disappointing Holiday Sales    TGT Also  AMZN   Walmart   CRI   HBI 
 COST  Walmart  HD:

All The Retailers That Could Feel The Effects Of The GOP’s Tax Efforts:


 Target Cuts Earnings Forecast Following Disappointing Holiday Sales  TGT Also  AMZN  Walmart  CRI  HBI 
News:  Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs via  CNNMoney   Walmart
 Walmart  BoeingBoeing  Apple  FB  TWTR:

Alphabet’s Google Buys Mobile App Tool Fabric From Twitter:


abnormalreturns: Tickers mentioned in Wednesday's linkfest:  NKE  Apple  Walmart  FB  AMZN  GO… 
Tickers mentioned in Wednesday's linkfest:  NKE  Apple  Walmart  FB  AMZN  Google  MSFT  TLT 
Wal-Mart Has a New Plan to Take on Amazon:  Walmart  AMZN
Sell Traditional retail going down  PVH  VFC  BBY  WFM  COST  Walmart  SHLD  TGT cause  e-commerce  winning  AMZN  EBoeingY… 
After Target's  earnings miss, JPMorgan sees risk for Wal-Mart, Dick's, and Michaels:  Walmart… 
Got bids in for  TEVA  EAT  Walmart  NGG nothing has filled yet....
 Plug power in 25  Walmart out of 172 Distribution Centers  kenallans
10:45 ET Volume Leader  85 - Walmart 1,981,768 Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 67.72 -0.70 -1.02% High today of 68.00 day low 
 TGT  Walmart  URBN:

Shoppers still aren’t going to Target, despite its big marketing push:


Wal-Mart is going to shake up its online team  Walmart vs  AMZN  
Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
GM and Wal-Mart have jobs to tweet about. What else is new?:  blsuth via  bfly  GM  Walmart 
Stocks narrowly mixed; Target dives; Nvidia reverses higher:  GS  NVDA  Walmart  TGT  GIMO
 Walmart Walmart Expands Partnership with Cengage to Offer Free High School Diploma and... 
 TGT  Just 1 reason why we continue to avoid the retail sector (as recently posted)   livetradepro

 XRT  M  Walmart  JCP  JWN etc.  stockmarket
You meet the coolest people in a  Walmart store...😊😉😇 
 NFLX How to trade  earnings....  stocks  stockmarket  finance  investing  QQQ  SPY  DIA  AMZN  Apple  FB  TGT  Walmart
May be I will buy some  Walmart....😊😉😇 
Benzinga: How Many Jobs Has Wal-Mart Created Over The Last 5 Years?  Walmart
Target cuts earnings forecast following disappointing holiday sales  TGT  AMZN  Walmart  CRI  HBI 
How Many Jobs Has Wal-Mart Created Over The Last 5 Years?  Walmart
 Walmart  HD  BBY:

Opinion: Greed and six other risks could tank your investments in 2017:


Trump Trade Continues To Fade - Bezek's Daily Briefing  UUP  Walmart  XLF  XRT  XLP
 Walmart giving up yesterday exuberance ( TGT). still in puts. now back to green. lotto style. 
How Many Jobs Has Wal-Mart Created Over The Last 5 Years?  Walmart via  benzinga
Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017?  Walmart 
 Walmart:

How Many Jobs Has Wal-Mart Created Over The Last 5 Years?:


 melkinzs1 No. grocery is a  700b category with no real online penetration. It is the final frontier.  TGT &  Walmart need to pursue it hard
 TGT  Target Reports November/December Sales and Updates Fourth Quarter 2016 Guidance  stocks  Walmart  SPY  investing
 TGT Looking to sell put spreads on this after the panic selling subsides a bit....  options  optionstrading  stocks  stockmarket  QQQ  Walmart
10 year peformance :
 AMZN: +2,038% 
 Walmart: +80% 
 TGT: +45% 
 BBY: +18% 
 BBBY: -1% 
 M: -5% 
 KSS: -27% 
 SPLS: -54%  JCP: -90%  SHLD: -93%
 BoeingBoeing  CSCO  IBM  GE  Walmart:

Chinese CEOs Brush Off Trump Risks Over Breakfast With U.S. Execs:


Walmart to cut 1,000 corporate jobs by end of month!  Walmart making moves to cut costs & focus more on e-commerce 
MUST READ: Top trading & investment resources. Link:  Walmart  PBR  TOT  UAL  GNW  TCEHY  MPEL  IMUC  MDGL  ANV
"Wal-Mart, GM reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks" -  Walmart  GM
Pre market gaps -  UAL  CSX  GIMO  NBIX  CCJ  TGT  Walmart and banks will be in play!
Retail: 1) Grocery builds relationships 2) Online less <5% revs at:  Walmart  TGT  COST 3) E-Comm ⬆️ ~15% in US.

Own omni-merchants (and  AMZN)
Benzinga: Netflix, PepsiCo, Qualcomm, Wal-Mart: CNBCFastMoney Picks For January 18  NFLX  PEP  QCOM  Walmart
 Walmart:

Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017?:


Netflix, PepsiCo, Qualcomm, Wal-Mart:  CNBCFastMoney Picks For January 18  NFLX  PEP  QCOM  Walmart
South Dakota Investment Council Has  89,859,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
These retail numbers are so bad we are going to need a retail bailout soon.  TGT down 5%.

 RTH  Walmart  JCP  MCY  PMR 
 Walmart  NFLX  PEP  QCOM  Apple:

Your first trade for Wednesday, January 18:


Retail Clinic Use Soars But Not For Obamacare Patients via  forbes  WAG  CVS  Walmart  wednesdaywisdom
a day after walmart added 10,000 jobs.  trump  Walmart 
 Walmart and  TGT look very cheap based on historical P/S ratio  investing  trading  Walmart 
Brean Capital Reaffirms Sell Rating for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
The Book on Rental Property Investing:  HD  Walmart  L  LL  SVU  KR
Sorry about weak  s  TGT but thanks 4  JBLaudio  Charge3 for  99 on  BlackFriday ! 

 XRT  RTH  Walmart  AMZN… 
 mjb1286 If  realDonaldTrump Was worth his salt he would say that  Walmart should buy from more US manufactures.
The whole  Walmart bringing jobs back doesn't make sense. Since when has  Walmart outsourced jobs? That doesn't work in retail.
 Walmart Stock Futures Defend Narrow Gains; Target, Wal-Mart Weigh On Early Trade 
 Walmart are down 1.64% in premarket action after Target lowered guidance.  stocks  investing  tradeideas
 TGT slumps ~5.0% to 67.52 as Nov/Dec SSS fall 1.3% , lowers guidance;  Walmart  XRT  stocks  investing  tradeideas
Watching shares of  TGT and other key retailers like  Walmart,  KSS and  JCP fall.
Skba Capital Management LLC Reduces Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Online shopping wave hits Target  TGT  Walmart  M  JCP  KSS
 64
 WalMart bear flag fresh death cross  SELL
 Walmart 
 Walmart  CLCD:

Futures flat ahead of Goldman results, Yellen speech:


Target misses the mark. Cuts outlook after weak holiday sales.  TGT down 4%  premarket.  Walmart falls too.
MarketCurrents: Wal-Mart falls after Target cuts profit guidance  premarket  Walmart
Via  360pi, Nov 20-27: Walmart's small  electronics prices were 5% higher than  Amazon's.  retail  ecommerce  digitalmarketing  Walmart  AMZN
Wal-Mart falls after Target cuts profit guidance  premarket  Walmart  sitifatimah  malaysia  financialplanning
Wal-Mart falls after Target cuts profit guidance  premarket  Walmart
My Morning Thoughts
Has Corp America Trying to Play Trump & American Public
 Walmart/  GM job news not big or "news"

 TGT slumps ~5.0% to 67.52 as Nov/Dec SSS fall 1.3% , lowers guidance;  Walmart  XRT 
Everett Harris & Co. CA Has  27,152,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 Walmart Trending Now 01/18/2017 If you follow Walmart Share your opinions here

Go here: ---->  
Unicorn Bay rating for  Walmart is 3.39 out of 5. 
 vegasfletch2015 and that truly does suck. I'm sorry. But  Walmart didn't do it. They are built to cut expenses and prices. Monster net benefit
 Amazon will begin accepting food stamps. 1 in 7 Americans on food stamps.  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  stocks 
 MON  S  AMZN  GM  Walmart:

Trump-Friendly Job Boasts Don’t Quite Add Up for GM, Wal-Mart:


 vegasfletch2015  Walmart pays nothing to start and promotes ppl fast, on merit. It doesn't get more fair than that.
A Beginner's Guide to Day Trading Online by Toni Turner:  Apple  SPY  UWTI  DWTI  IBM  Walmart
Emerald Acquisition Ltd. Sells 354,126 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
California State Teachers Retirement System Has  240,249,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 Walmart Pot. resume Downtrend in pullback INTRAWEEK 60m-15m-4m combo chart  trading  stocks 
 Walmart Trending Now 01/18/2017 If you follow Walmart Check out this site!

Go here: ---->  
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Earns “Buy” Rating from Drexel Hamilton 
Want 3 millionaire stock traders watchlists for FREE?  AUPH  COUP  TWTR  WFM  ARIA  GNK  Walmart  JDST  SPY
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Given Hold Rating at Deutsche Bank AG 
 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:1.92% Weekly:0.28% YTD:-1.01% Trend:32 / 100  
My Top 5 Books on Investing in Stocks:  stocks  investing  SPY  Apple  AMZN  DIA  MSFT  Walmart
Watchlist posted. don't forget to sign up and get it via email.
 MTTS  Walmart  PM  RL  CMG  INCY  GD  SPY
 Walmart:

Indian Health Startup Secures Funding, Plus a Trump Connection:


Partnervest Advisory Services LLC Lowers Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Walmart(PBR1) to opn 59 US stores in 2017, gen 34K new retail/constructn  jobs, doing  6.8B US cap investmnts  Walmart
Returns, Last 10 Years...
 AMZN: +2,038%
 Walmart: +80%
 TGT: +45%
 BBY: +18%
 BBBY: -1%
 M: -5%
 KSS: -27%
 SPLS: -54%
 JCP: -90%
 SHLD: -93%
Returns, Last 10 Years...
 AMZN: +2,038%
 Walmart: +80%
 TGT: +45%
 BBY: +18%
 BBBY: -1%
 M: -5%
 KSS: -27%
 SPLS: -54%… 
 Apple Stock Forum Updated Tuesday, January 17, 2017 11:15:20 PM  SLM  Walmart  CDE  T 
  Flows: Selling on Strength: Among stocks that were up Mon-these had the largest net OUTFLOWS of money:  GDX  XLU  RAI  Walmart  BIDU  IYR top6
Companies Scramble to Avoid the “Trump Tweet”   trump  tweet  Walmart  AMZN  jobs 
 JeffMacke  cfishman Hire too many is bad, hire too few is bad.   Walmart can never win - so why even bother?
What percent of  Walmart shoppers pay w food stamps?  It's an employer subsidized by the government to pay its employee… 
& does  Walmart pay its employees enough where they r not on public assistance for health care, food stamps ... ? 
Walmart employs >1.1m Americans. Largest private employer by far. Just to be clear.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc (Walmart) Announces Plans for 10,000 New Walmart Jobs  Walmart  jobs  retail… 
OUR SWING TRADE LIST SQUIZZED HARD  Walmart  DLTR  BBY  VMC 
 Walmart to create 10,000 jobs, invest  6.8B in US  
Today's market summary:  AMD,  NVDA drop further; Retail (  BBY,  Walmart,  JCP ) rises for better hope, banks slump despite positive earnings.
 smainfo IMPRESSIVE.  Walmart
 Walmart  ILMN  CBS options have the largest change in price. Free options screener. 
 CBIS Recent News Updated Tuesday, January 17, 2017 7:15:19 PM  GDXJ  Walmart  XME  FTI 
 Walmart:

Police: Fugitive Wanted in Officer’s Fatal Shooting Captured:


Sam Walton: Made In America by Sam Walton:  Walmart  COST  SHLD  walmart
 Walmart General Motors says to invest additional  1 billion in U.S. 
S&P100  Stocks Performance  CVS  PM  Walmart  SLB  CL  SO  P&G  NKE  MO  EXC  COST  XOM  TGT  MCD  NEE  MDT  more  
