Fighting back against crow's feet!  Olay  Walmart  28DaysofOlay AD   via  magicalsiblings
When you're starving but the lines so long  Walmart you start snacking so you don't die
. Walmart has a new spring salad - Rocky Julienne Squirrel 
 SBNLukeThomas We also need the comission to get properly tailored suits, they must not sport those Walmart Off-the-rack-ones
Just posted a video   Walmart Kilgore 
 AmberLynneGirl saw a new water flavor at Walmart today, might interest you if you haven't seen it 
they picked the youngest AND smallest employee to go to walmart and get 15 gallons of milk 😐
Think I'll take Kaldi to Walmart tonight bc yolo
 WhoIsSpitta Walmart
A Camden County man is accused of grabbing a Walmart employee inappropriately: 
My abusive ex who I have successfully avoided for 9 years works at Walmart in my town. He's not from my town. Why the fuck are you here.
 OhMDee Remember all those times Tim came on stage and said “customer sat” is great? Now they’re doing as well as Acer. Walmart bargain bin.
walmart gives me anxiety lmao
This man in Walmart was shopping with a cigar in his mouth. I've been doing life wrong.
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Omg I'm so mad my mom wouldn't let me get the book 3 in Walmart lol but I have my signing one still coming in lol😘😘😍😍😅😅😅😂😂😂  hauntedsunshine
 Walmart are you offering discounts    on your rotten meal?  
 iontrone Someone found a bat in an organic salad from Walmart lol 😂 damn that's nasty
Couple accused of stealing  500 worth of merchandise from Walmart with drug paraphernalia in the car

 Walmart why is your Newington, NH store sketchy af?
UGHH I WENT TO WALMART AND THEY DIDN'T HAVE IT!!😤😞  CamOnSeventeen
 McD_Phoenix The Walmart Bethany home Rd. location is awesome! My food was fresh this time. 🍔🔥
Never eat produce from Walmart tbh ⚡️ “A bat salad is probably not something you want to eat”


 walmart these lines are ridiculous. It's not a holiday. The way this store looks is fire hazard with these people and baskets blocking ways
 GreggDCaruso  mpigliucci Imagine if Walmart decided to provide healthcare? -See your doctor then shop for Rollbacks😨
When your ex's niece runs into your arms in Walmart, and tells u how much she misses you..Idc who you are.That will make you shed tears.....
 honestsocks The dollar bin at Walmart. We have several still around from when Kalena was 2.
This is not a preferred ingredient: Decomposed bat is found inside bag of organic salad from a Florida Walmart… 
 brandoncrisos I honestly was thinking of buying some boxes at Walmart ht I honestly don't know where particularly to get them
babies🔥💕   Walmart Saint Clair 
Literally so broke rn I might go buy that big pack of ramen at Walmart. Y'all come over for ramen noodles tonight. Plz bring real food.
WALMART TO FLY DRONES IN STORES; ASSIST SHOPPING...  drudge-report
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
😂😂 Okay we all know that weave comes from Walmart please stop giving up bullshit girl. It's Done for you still talking
Someone go to Walmart with me
It's Walmart. What could go wrong? 
Americans, trampled to death at Walmart, dragged unconscious off planes-we are being dehumanized by this society. 
 NERFMERK You're talking shit yet won't come to Walmart
Throwback to that time  DatMushroomGuy and I were at Walmart and this dude points at his Green Lantern hat and says, "Green Hornet! Nice!"
Salad Mix Recalled from Fla. Walmart Stores after Dead Bat Was Found 
 TheMoneySkinny We bet she even said "yes"!  chalkedupsuccess🤑 -Brian
 Walmart Marcus from  GearsofWar is my favorite with Leatherface a close 2nd.
Dead bat found in bag of Fresh Express organic salad sold at Walmart

I literally go out of my way to avoid shopping at walmart
BBC News - Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests 
I hope I get the job at Walmart. 😻
Chris Ellis visits Walmart for the first time  bitcoin  passiveincome  btcmining 
Tempted to go buy a cheap pole from Walmart & find a pond at the rate life's been goin lately 😂😂fishing does solve… 
I hate walmart
Walmart be bugging like. Tf y'all only got 2 fucking registers open for 😭🙄
 PAULFIERCE  Walmart Welp never gonna get this emblem yay work
Hey  Walmart, get rid of all your carts and just... start over. Please.
My brother just sneezed in walmart and someone like 5 isles down yelled bless you the great people of North Carolina
I was walking into Walmart and some random dude starts singing a love song to me hahaha😂
Wish somebody would drive me to Walmart.. I'm so tired of driving 🙄
We went to Walmart so zach could get milk for his mac and cheese and when we got home he found out he was out of mac and cheese 😒😒
Currently at Walmart. This is my nightmare.
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I really just spent  70 in Walmart on pads and food. I love the college life 🙃
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Katy, TX 
"Wow junes diary stay in walmart" 

Their update account: "And ya daddy stay out your life"
Went into to Walmart to get some snacks and got called Jihad trash from some random guy pointing at my tattoo. Fuck Maryland!
Thanks I got it at  Walmart it was on sale 
Pluto dissed a local Walmart when they arrested the Catmobile.
saw a bts stan at walmart with a terrible ombré and fried hair wearing a bangtan jersey and she looked like she only spoke in rawr
as it was WALMART you can BET it was one of the cheap, tough, guano-grade varieties.. 
Top story: Salad found around dead bat bought from Walmart / Boing Boing see more 
 2017Sohs come to walmart infidel!
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 GovMikeHuckabee Your writing of 140 or less has won U in the hearts of deplorables.
no trophy ribbon or cash but g… 
 MadMoneyOnCNBC UNEMPLOYMENT? USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD?? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS"
Dead bat found in Walmart salad sparks recall via  todayshow
I'm at Posto Walmart in Contagem, MG w/  millennasoares  diegofe08904827  avmayrink 
Walmart so weak
 MamboNumber_5 they can bump muffs drink walmart wine and plot on liberation together. .. send me the hoes
Grocery Price Comparison: ALDI, Walmart, & Sam's Club | Find out which stores have the best and chea 
 CARDl_D I'm going thru a similar situation // I'd recommend buying this 
Dead Bat Found In Bag of Walmart Salad - Men’s Health 
 robertgp421  CeceliaMasonWV  bitmapped Walmart walled of the entrance that connected it with the mall over a decad… 
 Brendonismahbae so you brought you're laptop to Walmart!
Walmart runs in sweats and boots bc i really don't have a care in the world
 114 later, im out of walmart with nothing to eat.
 Laura23027886 Hey, check it out for your next movie night:  horrorclassics -Brian
Well that's disgusting! As much money as Walmart has, you'd think they would bag their bats separately! 
 Walmart I found this fly and egg in my salad. Not happy and am disgusted! 
Public Service Announcement if you shop at Republic Walmart: Lock your car doors even if you are just going in... 
Wal-Mart charges ahead in online retail market dominated by Amazon -  GoogleAlerts
 natasham4  Juanofwords  quemeanswhat  thePositiveMOM_  DiversityUS  lorrainecladish Here's mine! It's… 
final fantasy imagine: youre at walmart at 2 am and you see cloud strife in his pjs buying 5 boxes of oreos in the self checkout
I Need To Go To Walmart, But I Dont Feel Like it!
Walmart 
i never have a good time at walmart
Brandon is actually going to Walmart with me.. is this real life
does walmart sell hair bleach?
Found over  255.36 in potential profit from Walmart/Sports & Outdoors to sell on Amazon!  OA
10 Rules for Building a Business 
my dad pulled me out of bed to force me to go to Walmart with him and my brother
 sassydemasi  CeceliaMasonWV  bitmapped I vaguely remember Walmart and Waldenbooks and a mostly empty food court.
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 4/30/2017 
 ricandoll6 Like I got sick in Walmart, nearly passed out checking out and now a fever?? Idk what's going on 
It feels like home :p (at  Walmart Supercenter in Yuma, AZ w/  alfredoesplatta) 
I think Walmart makes the best tasting gummy bears!
Walmart has the worst customer service in America
Days in Walmart 
Come on! A bat, man! Walmart is robin us blind. Such a joke. You guys are jokers. The bane of my existence. 
Walmart's Coupon Policy 2017 
Walmart is playing Moana and I'm honestly ab to sit in her for an hour & a half to watch it
 HoskShawn what about walmart
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
Walmart employee meal-plan protein snack, bat-on-a-stick, mislabeled, sold to customer. Employees still hungry. 
Dead bat found inside salad sold at Walmart, recall issued 
BREAKING! Walmart caught Hiding Rotten BoeingT in Customers Salad! Are they ... 
 alexxhooks  rob_daugherty86  SenSanders People can get a masters in engineering and end up working in a Walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video  100 WALMART OUTFIT CHALLENGE!
I need A  Walmart Job 💯😴
 CNBCFastMoney UNEMPLOYMENT? USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD?? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS"
DIY  StarWars Fabric Covered Garden Pots &  50  Walmart GC  giveaway  ad  EcoScraps  BadFoodGoneGood  organic
 Brendonismahbae are you at walmart
 ____marykate ok this other man just doubled back & brushed up behind me like "excuse me" when the WHOLE aisle was empty I hate walmart
... Aaahhhh, the many  joys of  shopping at  walmart. There was DEFINITELY some… 
Walmart always has angry birds flying around their parking lots. The hell is that about??
🐸📚 learn with Ted and Raymond  bullying  Bully_Books  screamingfrog  Frogburps  Walmart 😍😍🍿🏎📱  kindle  books
chanel vs walmart
Camp Walmart! Ozzie is not loving the RV.
LW: Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests
I'm at Walmart and I forgot I have a bong in my bag lmao
me with customers at Walmart 😂  joranmykell_ 
Fresh Express recalls some of its prepackaged salad mix after dead bat found inside bag sold in Florida Walmart. 
 50 Walmart Gift Card & Low kalz 30 Low Calorie Drinks and Snacks Giveaway 
 ShutYoDumbAssUp Other stores that announced their closing  for 2017.
Bebe, BCBG, Wet Seal, Abercrombie.    (Payles… 
Just witnessed 2 accidents in Walmart parking lot. 😐
Walmart is supposedly all about family, but denied my time off request for MY SISTERS WEDDING. Guess I won't work here much longer 🤷🏼‍♂️
Can't wait to get free  tide &  downy samples on Sat. at  walmart to give me a  newschoollaundry makeover 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Wood Village, OR 
SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHY THESE ARE BEING SOLD AT WALMART👀😂  Yeezy 
bruh got them shits airbrushed at the Walmart carnival 
Looking for the toasted marshmallow yogurt. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Greenville, SC) 
Got a short in my charger. Guess I gotta return it at Walmart 😛
Geez and this is why I hate coming to Walmart. 
There was this cute elephant dress at Walmart and I want it but later means never 🤕
Win a year's supply of  tide  downy  bouncefresh from  walmart via  jessicanturner 
 Walmart please tell me why y'all only got 5 out of 26 registers open. Please answer that?
Walmart's Fresh Express salad recalled after dead bat discovery via the  FoxNews Android app
Yo  Walmart, how many RTs for a year of free groceries?  walmarthelp  WalmartGiving
walmart is POPPIN
 elainamariah11  16.99 at Walmart... I heard
IDid 2 Hours Of A&P Homework. Afterwards , ITook A Trip To Walmart To Get Some Thins INeeded To Make Dinner With. Then My Day Went To Shit.
 CraigRozniecki Does anything good ever happen at WalMart OR in Florida?
I'm at Walmart in Heredia 
So happy I can order my baby formula and diapers on Walmart Pickup!  WalmartCanada,  WalmartPickup,  ad 
 MRhealthyliving Salad from Walmart is the first mistake.
and id eat your pussy at walmart 
ok so paypal, venmo, direct account   even walmart to walmart works 
"Two people find dead bat in packaged salad they were eating, sold by a Florida Wal-Mart" - 
I liked a  YouTube video Dollar Tree Walmart Haul Bernees way hauled the Fragrance booster
 NickiWatermelon  NickiUnicornn  NickisHatyeehaw Bitche you're a 10 dollar inflatable from Walmart.
Just posted a photo   Walmart Glenpool 
Ouch. It has been a *long* time since we've spent that much at Walmart. Hopefully Kroger won't be as bad.
Just saw a man that look like Thor walk in Walmart 😍😍😍
It's probably Pablo Sandoval's. 

Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say, via  nytimes 
 UrsulaV I used to feel that way, until people stared sharing those "People of Walmart" pictures and now I am afraid to go out shabby.
When you go into Walmart crying and an old lady asks you if you're okay
Saw this  promposal2017 on my run today. Chalk under  1  Walmart. Inexpensive yet effective. Message on point. Reus… 
on nation you go to Walmart they got the shirt and tie that come together for the  10 .
 GaigeeMoore I shop at Walmart  collegebound
It's been three hours and I'm still fuming over whoever took my completely full cart at Walmart earlier
 TxNaughtyWife I wanna visit that Walmart so I can eat that pussy
 Cellmate Yeah it's totally great! Real good asian food within walking distance and also walmart for literally anything you could need
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART SHENANIGANS! (MESSING WITH WORKERS!)
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hartford, WI 
seeing all these prom pics got me hatin hard. I had no style compared to y'all. I went to Walmart and bought the pack with the shirt and tie
It does say organic!  
FREE Zantac Tablets at Walmart! 
Man who set himself on fire outside Walmart dies more than a week later via  9NEWS
 skillaaa__ Oh I just saw it said  Walmart
Feeling fancy tonight so going grocery shopping at Kroger instead of WalMart
 K_ToddRamer Yes! Next time I buy a stick deodorant, I am SO gonna be caught in the Walmart aisle taste-testing them!
Wait the dog just chilling in the cart at Walmart 😭😭😭😭 
 BestBuy 
 Target 
 GameStop 
 PlayStation 
 Walmart  
Never had a problem buying a game at any store except for Wa… 
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
Dreading going to Walmart cuz I already know Imma get everything and more than I need to get😩😂
Scares me to think that one day I won't have my dad to run through Walmart and throw giant bouncy balls at each other with.
I fucking hate going to Walmart but I need to cop a fucking a durag already
this man in walmart just asked me if I "know how to shop" because he thought I was 16. then he asked if I'm married
I found The Departed in the Walmart movie bin for  3.74. Talk about a steal
Me at new WalMart: where are your books?
Employee: *stares*
Me: You know, for reading?
E: Oh, those ones. In the ba… 
I'm at Walmart in Skokie, IL 
I wish I still worked at Walmart. All that hard work, that position was MONEY AS'F! The worst mood to be in is the one I'm in now.
Dead Bat Inside Walmart Salad Forces Recall via  TMZ
 PAULFIERCE  Walmart Any way I can get a code? 
I hate when mfs get in Walmart that speak foreign languages and then they start talkin that 💩loud asf😒
me and maeve stayed up until 4 am trying to find out what song she was singing last week at Walmart
 tinygrinch  peachyyuto BROXSJSJXHDH ALRIGHT PUES FIND ME AT UR WALMART PARKING LOT WERE GONNA HAVE A CHOPPED SHOWD… 
I swear I really have the worst luck sometimes. I just got stung by a bee in  Walmart trying on a pair of shorts.
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Houston, TX 
 joey_blau  nauga54  hiltzikm  joanwalsh Yes, yes, yes.a decent wage (can we get consider  15?)=a huge welfare redu… 
PASS ME THAT MONEY, there's money gram,PayPal, Walmart to Walmart, or western Union. 
Watch Your Head! WalMart Plans to Fly Drones in its Stores   News  Retail  technology  Surveillance
 Walmart Tell everyone you won that bet. :)
Blockchain. The great equalizer.  Walmart  cvspharmacy  Costco  Target  BestBuy and  amazon. Call us. 
I liked a  YouTube video THE  99 WALMART BMX! (WE DID IT AGAIN)
Easy Weeknight Chicken Fajitas via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
Amazon: Lysol Wipes Super Stock-Up Price! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
I HATE going to Walmart by myself bc all these creepy as old dudes look at me like I'm a piece of fucking meat
Found chanel today ...Funny People Of Walmart Pic 17 
 NERFMERK Walmart
. GameStop has really done an awful job managing Switch inventory. It's like they're trying to lose to  Walmart and  amazon  nintendoswitch
I'm at Walmart if anyone trying to catch these guns
That was stupid as fuck. Walmart thought I was putting a skimmer on their credit card machine when my paranoid ass was *checking* for them.
 protariffs  organizedcchaos  FADUTA7  alllibertynews  EnemyofKhanate  MikelAntJr  nickwaye  MTannerCato 15/hr liva… 
 DominicBrownTV Yo, free protein! Meanwhile at my  Walmart I think there was a scavenger hunt going on. 
Remember when Champion use to be in Walmart for like  5?.........
 Amys_Inkwell Pretty much. Just waiting for, say, KFC or Walmart to up the ante and be REALLY awful.
Found over  2,580.98 in potential profit from Walmart/Patio & Garden to sell on Amazon!  OA
I got Walmart curbside pickup groceries today. I may never have to go in public again.  thefutureisnow
When I got to Walmart im getting my butter pecan ice cream yass
 WinterWickware You sure? I ain't gone to Walmart yet 🤔 guess I don't have to no more lmaooo
I walked into Walmart, spent about 40 min bs & I only got 2 things... for back to the car, remember why I actually went 😕
ORLANDO, Fla., — One company is recalling some of its prepackaged salads sold at  Walmart because they might contain parts of dead bats.
Hello, I'm a goth but also I like to eat well. What should I have? 
 tylersonofjack Lol they actually have the same exact brand and kind in bags at walmart, that's where I picked up mine
I'm at Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in Thunder Bay, ON 
 AnthonysVVeiner  CBeauchampUSA  LouDobbs Can we all agree the grown man acted like a child? It reminded me why I stay away from Walmart.
 UglyStik I do have a quick question on rebates how come they don't work for/at Walmart? I buy most gear there. Thanks just wondering  🐟🎣
Lego Creative Building Set 10702 -  10 Walmart B&M YMMV (1 replies)
Download Ossys  Deals app on  Android and neve…… 
Mmm
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say

I look at niggas crazy in pink buying they girls panties tf those for don't say period bcuz u can buy Walmart panties for that lmfao
Hearing  scottnelson_21 talk about working at Walmart is one of my fav things in life
I'm afraid of going to the lakeshore Walmart without my man 😣
 MensHealthMag Walmart still doing better than United right now
Kid behind me at Walmart, "B-G-N-G-O and bgee was his name-o!"  closebutno
Saw Khalil today at Walmart lol ayyy
 Walmart  walmarthelp why can't I access my funds or use my card! I've been hungry all day because of you and been on hold for 2 hours now 😡
Walmart grocery pickup coming to Canada 
Bro this bitch at Walmart trippin.
I bought a gallon of milk and it fell out of the bag in the check out at Walmart and I didn't know it had broken until I got back to my dorm
Win a  25 Walmart GC + a copy of HEIDI over  thereviewwire! Ends 4/16  HeidiFilm  movies 
 DevotedEnergy Bravo! That's what we love to hear!  WalmartRun -Brian
. Walmart Taking this to court
Thank you  Walmarthelp. I will when I am in!   Please know, I Love walmart!  I specially the online delivery servic… 
I shouldddd go to Walmart but I hate Walmart
 WalMart and  vivid!
Your  NubianTransgenderQueen  VeyonceRamese👑
 Nubian  Transgender  Queen 
55" LG 55UH6090 4K UHD IPS Smart LED HDTV (Refurbished)  389.99 + Free Shipping / Free Store Pickup   Walmart 
Frigidaire 10,000BTU Window Air Conditioner  216.42   Walmart (f/s or p/u) 
 charliekirk11  PoliceFirstNow Friend of mine in Charlotte had a lady in Walmart parking lot use her car to pin him… 
Nothing like locking your keys in your new truck at Walmart! 👌🏻
Walmart plans fly drones in it stores to assist you in your shopping
  walmart  drones 
Good news, Pet Parents!  NaturesRecipe is now available at  Walmart! 
A decomposed bat was found in a package of salad sold in Florida, officials said. 
Fresh Express recalls Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Southeast Walmart stores due to alleged dead bat in  salad: 
 thearab100  Mo_Abdelqader Thanks for telling me i was bought for 99 cents at Walmart my entire childhood  NationalSiblingsDay
Went to Walmart and put all this shit in the basket now I don't wanna bring it inside 😩😩
Walmart's Fresh Express salad recalled after dead bat discovery | 
CONSUMER ALERT: Recall issued after dead bat found in salad sold at Walmart 
Walmart for some nice grills on sale I think Ima go buy one
 Dejah_Milligan  natalie_kucz only reason I love her is because she can model in front of Walmart
Mumble rap is the walmart version of Hip Hop.
I need to go to Walmart
Walmart predicted a Scalper's Mewtwo amiibo during  Nindies
 GrillGrate makes even premade Walmart patties look like an  Applebees commercial!! 
Traffic is horrible right now. I'm just trying to get to Walmart to pick up my stuff man.
when the walmart nail salon does all of these 😂😂 
Everytime I see something I want in the game shelves at Walmart but can't afford. 
Now I remember why I go to Walmart at 10 PM or after.... every line is crazy long right now.
Walmart ig lol 
Dead bat found in Walmart packaged salad, prompting recall 
en walmart
I am not saying all is perfect in Canada but since we can't purchase guns beside mustard at Walmart, we live much s… 
Of course it's a Walmart and of course it's in Florida. Where else would you find such a thing? 
Chanel vs Walmart ahre  NuevoVideoMicaSuarez 
Just made it back to Walmart and now Yemi's holding me hostage. Can never leave the car if a song I like is playing
Now she's different. But I legit saw her in Walmart yesterday and her friend gave me a passionate hug and I wanted to hug her instead hah
Dead Bat Discovered in Salad Mixes Prompts Recalls From Walmart 
Sick Nasty! Walmart Customers Are Freaking After What They Just Found in Packaged Salads! (Video) 
Lol my og stay buckin walmart like that 
Oh My! Walmart tho!! 🤔 
 AJIsTheReal  FredFaour Tell that guy to go to Walmart and buy a Beckett sports card book. It will list prices.
i love working at walmart
smh can't even climb in the giant plastic tubs at Walmart without an employee telling you to stop  killjoy
Off to Walmart for the first time
Really?????? In walmart???? 
Ofc this happened in Florida and at Walmart. 
If any of you guys need a downpipe, head to your local Walmart! 
 Alexmalc0lm swore I saw u in Walmart yesterday
Salad Sold At Walmart Recalled After Consumers Find Dead Bat In Bag 
 Walmart very disappointed with current Easter commercial - complete disrespect for Christians everywhere.
Walmart plans fly drones in it stores to assist you in your shopping 
SICK NASTY!!!! WALMART CUSTOMERS ARE FREAKING AFTER WHAT THEY JUST FOUND... via  YouTube
Deals – 55″ LG 55UH6090 4K UHD IPS Smart LED HDTV (Refurbished)  389.99 + Free Shipping /… 
Another reason not to shop at Walmart!🙀🙀 
 nytimes If Patti Label can sell her sweet potato pies at Walmart, why can't Ozzy sell his Salads?
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say 
 Walmart 😑I now see u did. My bad. 😑
angel peep vs walmart peep 
 CD  Music  TaylorSwift RED Limited Edition CD WalMart zinepak poster guitar picks postcard 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Williamstown, NJ 
Salad found around dead bat bought from Walmart 
 realDonaldTrump, 

THIS is why we have those pesky food regulations you don't like...


 AthariRob Is fat cousin of somebody… somewhere in America, somewhere that is close to Walmart. 
"Damn, how much did I get" walmart customers favorite line
 niickteague Walmart
This is Weird. I ate a salad from Walmart and now I'm going Batty.

CAO  Maureen_Adams sz a final decision from the ARB on the appeal by Walmart DC will likely come sometime this fall.  cwlpoli
WOW I JUST REMEMBERED I WENT TO WALMART FOR TAMPONS BUT INSTEAD I GOT OTHER SHIT
That's a lot for a pair leggings. 
You can get wax melts at Walmart for cheaper.
I'll just buy a coffee.... 
 allahpundit Bannon is finished once his efforts on trade cause prices to surge at Walmart. Stories about bitter TX… 
 Walmart Did u even read the tweet? 🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇
Someone is lucky at Walmart because I dropped  40 somewhere😤
Overheard at Walmart : 
"(disgusted) well they certainly do sell some short shorts here don't they."
gucci vs walmart 
 murrpanda Thank you for notifying us. Which Walmart location was it? Please visit so we can look into this. -Zoe
Half of these would've been misspelled at a Walmart 
In less than 2 hours, join us to hear an amazing journey by a Latina & how Walmart helped her get there. 
Recall: Bat found in Walmart Organic Spring Mix :: 
I LOSE MY MOM EVERYTIME I GO TO WALMART!? WHY.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Cheap easy cannabis grow. Walmart supplies. Week 1
Yikes! A dead bat was found in a salad mix sold in Florida Walmart stores, prompting a recall. 
 abbeyeodom  AaronC_48 Guys I just saw a cheap  8 walmart one and bought it bc I love it so much lmao 
We really need to go to Walmart , I need more water , fruits and yogurt
 RealZachBall Walmart isn't considered a grocery store, but Your Kroger and Publix are. Coupons  .99 cents and belo… 
dnt really feel like going to Walmart but I gottaaa 😩
 Dead  Bat Found Inside Package  Salad  Florida: 
Deals – Frigidaire 10,000BTU Window Air Conditioner  216.42   Walmart (f/s or p/u) 
Yes hi, I'm boycotting Walmart because they purposely blocked up their A's so birds can't nest in them and I'm hurt… 
REAL REASON SOME MORE WALMART STORES ARE CLOSING...nytt has not investigated this video to verify it true, you judge
She and Jessica Simpson were Walmart brand britney don't even 
 cancermoney Walmart silver and black hallelujah holla back
Why would you get an organic salad from Walmart? 
I finally found slow wifi in Walmart earlier and downloaded a few episodes of 13 Reasons on my phone to save some data lol
Today I consumed 5 pieces of buttered toast & then went to Walmart to buy jelly beans m&ms and nerds. Not really sure y I'm not 500 pounds
I need to go to Walmart 😒
I just lost my phone in the Dallas Walmart... backtracking does wonders😂😂
Free Bic Razors at Walmart -  freebies   samples  Wal... 
Free Bic Razors at Walmart -  freestuff  freebies  Walmart 
It's raining hard and I'm at Walmart fucking around with my mama 🙄
I can't reach the Walmart bag and I want to put my Batman hat on
 Big_Homie_Ive Then just now the bitch was suppose to meet up w/me so I can get some 🕶 I tell this bitch I'm Omw! S… 
Small Walmart haul 04/10/2017 
 holden_cox25 The scariest thing happened to me at Walmart in Goldsboro yesterday!
WALMART: 2 PEOPLE EAT SALAD W/ DEAD BoeingT INSIDE What does this say about... by  HarveyLevinTMZ via  c0nvey
 Walmart y'all got some surprisingly clean bathrooms
 JonTronShow I saw a Scrub Daddy at a Walmart and I ended up laughing too hard
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
Nigga switching lane to lane like Walmart
 mpigliucci So many Walmart employees in Trump country....
Apparently being  organic & triple washing is not enough to keep the  bats away!  Salad  bat  freshexpress  Walmart
 AmericnElephant Walmart drone pilot.  The job millennials have been screaming for!!!
 Future_CRNA_ Wow! I didn't know that. What grocery stores do it tho? I haven't seen any like Walmart, Kroger, Bilo, or Publix do it.
I had to tell a crazy Walmart lady that she needed to calm down when she started swearing! 
 lasagnariana chanel vs walmart 
Lady in Walmart asked me where the  1 boxed stuffing was. Not sure what part of me indicated that I work there. Headphones? Backpack? Coat?
 allthatyoudream  Walmart Hopefully in the future!
 Abomasnow_RBLX I live right next to Walmart :D
Saw this guy on my way into Walmart by sedonayoda 
Wal-Mart charges ahead in online retail market dominated by Amazon 
Walmart. 🤢 food🤢. 😁Tshirts 😁.  ChooseWisely 
I need some milk but I don't want to go to Walmart 🙄
 NintendoAmerica Look for a Nintendo Switch Pro Controller?!  Walmart in Rockmart GA has them. 
I'm a 6 but at Walmart I'm a 10
we love walmart brand 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Beauty Box Spring 2017 review
As much as I hate going to Walmart my ass still goes there just to save a few extra dollars 🙄😒
 KrYstAlLatHAm  FHSTag2k17 Walmart
yo walmart my mom was mad you guys didn't have her kimchi ramen omg
See what I want most from Walmart! 
AcuRite Wireless Weather Clock Station for  7 + pickup at Walmart

I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in West Bend, WI 
Nothing more awkward than running into your CO at walmart.
I hate Walmart
Just stood in the line at Walmart for 10 mins waiting for two old woman to finish their return.  WTF
 Mixed_well_hell if you don't walk your ass to Walmart and pick up your face 😂
Fieldline Roe Sling Pack  27.97  Walmart  Fieldline 
Okay but can we talk about how Walmart has American flags priced at  17.76?
Walmart Cuts About 300 Jobs From Tech Division via  5news
Ewwwwww -- dead  bat inside packaged salad sold through  Walmart in Florida. I appreciate bats, but not as a side s… 
 Kids  Toys Hasbro 3.75  Marvel Avengers Set Walmart Exclusive  Hulk Loki Iron Man Legends 
Lady at Walmart "you look burnt" OH REALLY THANKS I COULDNT TELL 
Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests  if you support Wallmart then enjoy your salad 🥗 
🌹🙏🏽 
I received  10 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Hanging with the birthday boy!   Walmart Ephrata - E Main St 
Financial Analysts feel that Walmart completely botched the roll out of their new organic bat protien infused salad dressing.
shit i lost holly in walmart
Two people find dead bat in packaged salad they were eating, sold by a Florida Wal-Mart 
Look who's keeping me company while we wait on sissy at Walmart... 
A little  spinnerbait action on a  Monday  bassfishing session.   1 spinner from  walmart .  You… 
 nate_diceman Some kid at Walmart
 Walmart pick up is taking way longer than advertised. I could've gone in the store in quicker time.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Anaheim, CA 
 JoeBeOne  Walmart I would have missed that... thanks! 
 Y_Soup and Walmart got lucky, minimal press on the "bat salad"
 CadenJRecla  speechless 🙄 -Brian
Reason number 7,561 why people should never grocery shop at Walmart. 
me: *shuts half the gate to the store*
walmart employee: why u doin that
me: mind ya business
 PublishersWkly  latimes Walmart's online service sucks. I've used it once and pick up was a pain.
 JoeBeOne  Walmart Ahahahah that would be MY son.
if you never finnesed phone cases an sold em back to walmart dont speak 2 me bout struggle
Star Wars Black Series "DARTH VADER" 3.75 inch Walmart Excl Action Figure NIB  StarWars
This Walmart brand Justin from 13 Reasons Why just hopped onto this bus and I want to pepper spray him....😒  Bitteraf
yay Walmart mechanic guy to the rescue
 WAYFMJustin Oldest sister left me alone in an isle at Walmart when I was five. She said she gave me away to anothe… 
Walmart is the go to for hair products, mad cheep
 LeftIsEvil at the Walmart I work security for I see tall white women with fat black men or jacked black men w fat white women lmao
Hot shit from is better than walmart. Its closer to the manufacturer, i dont buy things, but im just sayin if  did
Why is there never anyone normal working at Walmart ?
Walmart security guards when they catch a shoplifter 
That's one way to put it...  walmart  beer  flavoredwater  budlight  probably   Walmart… 
Ah fuck I didn't know Walmart still had security. I think they're calling the cops on me.
Walmart [via  DubLi  cashback
 wresbyterian my favorite was someone asking "Where can I buy Ferris Bueller? need it for a gift", first reply was… 
Walmart not the place to come when your in a hurry!!!
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist THE  99 WALMART BMX! (WE DID IT AGAIN)
I liked a  YouTube video INSANE FLIP TRICKS ON WALMART SCOOTER
The Walmart commercial with the Black couples cooking for their dinner date night 😍😍😍
 buhjork Glamoflauge concealer by hard candy bitch get that shit at Walmart for like 7  and it's amazing
 IBGamingInc  nathan_kendall1 That's not how it works Aaron. Retail actually has very strict regulations and need 2… 
Where does Walmart produce this shit for a bat to be anywhere near it ? Lol 
Shoprite is worse then walmart right now
[ 640.00] Intex Inflatable Hot Tub  640   Walmart.ca 
I don't kill myself because of expired Walmart donuts. So cheap. So good.
Reviewed by Kristin Davis on  MOMTASTIC Top 8 elephant books  asmsg  walmart  kidlit  AUTHORSdb  AuthorShout
 loveemeash Walmart on federal drive & atlanta hwy hiring
Teach My Kits Online  Walmart  buy 
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of "Fresh Express" Salad; Recall Issued 
Tips for Couponing at Walmart  TWOhours  couponing 
 DianaBruceBarry I say this all the time but it truly does depend on the walmart. Some are super fresh but it being… 
What about the greeter at Walmart?
 kanbri2 How frustrating! Please ask for store management or get in touch with us here: -Brian
 tytlive This might make for an interesting story tomorrow 
 MickChicken_  nathan_kendall1 I don't think it should so easy to walk into a Walmart for example and buy an AR.
 andi_benz YES! I literally choose this Walmart over the Loop Walmart bc of her
 kawaii_kid its so easy to do man like Walmart is the devil
omw to walmart to get a cheap-ass iron because i will not paint this scarf until it's flat
Spring is here, and it's time to shine! Head to  Walmart to save on Black Magic products.   BlackMagicShine 
 Walmart More details on that evening coming soon!!  MejorContigo
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Oklahoma City, OK 
 GrassyCreek,  NC:  Shoplifter on  HalltownRoad at  Walmart.


 bringer_of_heat Lol Walmart! I was just mentioning to the wife I had  40
 sweetdee88 Um scuse me I don't dare step foot in the Hagerstown Walmart lol
Awwww mannnnnnn!!!!! I'm off   Walmart Sun.. I gotta work   Speedway. I hope my friend texts me about what she finds out!! I'm anxious af.
 d0tslash  Walmart bahaha, love the kid sticking their tongue out
S/O Walmart for messing up my innovations. That  100 you lost went to my new iPhone 🤘😂
Found over  4,620.56 in potential profit from Walmart/Home to sell on Amazon!  OA
 GoddessMaygin  alice_malice  MyGeekGoddess Ew no. Recreate it far, far, FAR away from walmart
Y am i always in walmart lmao
going into Walmart high, on EBT day, is not one of my best choices
Let me get this job at Walmart 😩lord knows i need it, the way bri eat🙄
[ zero ]

prom a.k.a. expectation vs. reality was a literal chanel vs. walmart: a thread 
In the towel aisle at Walmart:
Guy: can I just ask you one question?
Me: *scared/dirty glare*
Guy: just one simple question
Me: um....what?
Walmart keep asking me if I'm still coming back after I have my baby🙄 , only way ill go back is if I can switch stores

 BRUH let me tell you what... i... 
 Walmart It is appreciated sir. Always loved me some Wally World
can not wait to get up tommorow going to walmart to look for a friend
I guess I won't b flying  united, riding in an  uber or getting a salad  walmart anytime soon.
This dude at Walmart literally tried grabbing me
Wisdom of  Walmart Cashiers: "Whatever floats your goat. Because boats are easy to float."
Another highlight from today when I  prankcall walmart regarding emily and her buns.
 twitch  pranks  Twitch 
In the middle of Walmart my mom screams "GABBY DID YOU GET THE BROWNIES FOR THE WEED"
The greeter at the Walmart on University that always says "welcome angel." Y'all know the one! Treasure her. Protect her.
Shoutout to the JERK who hit dakotas car in the Walmart parking lot and just left
It's a half hour from my front door, to a walmart or grocery store🎻🎧
Casual OOTD Sunday  OldNavy  Target  TargetStyle Purse: Target Shirt: Old Navy Jeans: Old Navy Shoes: Walmart 
Star Wars Black Series "DARTH VADER" 3.75 inch Walmart Excl Action Figure NIB 
- Walmart Sales and discounts page check out all their sales updated daily!
this dude working on my car at walmart looks like steve-o
Walmart sporting goods suspicious activity
 DatBoyJillaaa Thanks for the shout out!🙌 -Brian
Man Attacks Cop W/Tomahawk And Machete In A Walmart, Because Where Else Would That Happen? 
 WalMart charges ahead in online  retail market dominated by  Amazon 
 kailaalis walmart 🤘🏻🤘🏻
I just spent  80 at Walmart what the fuck
 Billick35  BoShowOnAir Bo dude I hate you so much.... please delete that cringey attention customers recording off of Walmart radio
 AP UNEMPLOYMENT? USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD?? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS" TO THE USA??
FREE Bic Disposable Razors at Walmart! 
She Said YES After He Proposed With an  8 Walmart RingBut What She Pulled Off 5 Days Later… 
 crybabyassho Ardell is good, usually they're BOGO 50% off at ulta. Walmart salon perfect are good too
Dead bat found inside salad sold at Walmart, recall issued via  6abc
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Newcastle, OK 
Mini turkey sandwiches with RITZ on the blog! Visit Walmart the weekend of 4/15 for some  RITZpiration  ad 
me: *goes to open an umbrella in walmart*
mom: dont do that its bad luck 
me: not like my life could get any worse
 60Minutes UNEMPLOYMENT? USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD?? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS" TO USA
20170410 raise 2 x Walmart GCs  199.94  jbai2014  syw25permax50
At 215lbs I should not feel small walking past every doggone human being in WalMart. 😳
Deals – Lego Creative Building Set 10702 –  10 Walmart B&M YMMV 
 Walmart this young man just stole from your company 
20170410 raise 1 x Walmart GCs  195.50  psundeal  syw25permax50
Small town gothic is going to walmart and running into the same person on the same aisle every single time
 GrobaniteKMG365  i just bought walker texas ranger from walmart i worked at walmart for 15.5 yrs
 abcnews UNEMPLOYMENT?USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS" TO THE USA?
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
 LITechNews: Salad sold at Walmart recalled after dead bat found inside bag  Officialssay 
 EASTBoeingYDFRESH  PhilipBeamSr  Freeyourmindkid  Walmart Large corporations have social media policies 4 their employ… 
 PTXofficial just  melissaptx giving you some promo at a random Pennsylvania Walmart  PTXVol4  PTXBohemianRhapsody 
Abandoned Walmart meet 
my biggest wish in life is to have bill's wardrobe but also to have an occasion to wear it cause i can't go to walmart wearing saint laurent
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Evans, GA 
Walmart in laplata so clean dat it look like a target
My dumbass bought Frosted Flakes and left them at Walmart😡
What could go wrong? 
WalMart to fly drones in stores to help shoppers? 


 NBCNightlyNews UNEMPLOYMENT? USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD?? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS"
I'm a just got out of Walmart with new food so I have to try all the new stuff on the way home type of person
 KatlinRath i bought it at walmart in Roanoke
man i just saw the baddest chick at walmart and made no movements cause i'm dressed like an idiot
BREAKING! Walmart caught Hiding Rotten BoeingT in Customers Salad! Are they ... via  YouTube
 NationalSiblingsDay  let these  books be a part of your  family  Walmart  realshreveport  asmsg  childrensbooks
Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests - BBC News 
Celebrate spring and enter to  win a  25 Walmart gift card  giveaway!  
Walmart out here selling Audemars 
Folks, I DO NOT shop Walmart EVER!!!..Glad I made that decision LONG AGO!!
Walmart version
 Jill1202 Great Value welcomes you to directly contact them at 877-505-2267 about product satisfaction. Thanks, Jill! -Brian
 CBSNews UNEMPLOYMENT?USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS" TO THE USA?
Somme And The Ancre Map Shows Lines Occupied By The Allies From July 1916 To Apr 11 1917 
 Helennetherland  kfc Sorry to say but the whole of Europe n the USA is being duped about HALAL btw ASDA is WALMART 
 thorIokis  thorlokid me over here with the walmart brand url
I always over spend in Walmart
 jgf024 You can get the DVDs from Amazon and 
 BBCWorld UNEMPLOYMENT?USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD?HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS" TO THE USA?
 Bryandrums That's so cool! When I visited the US, I noticed places like Walmart had groceries too. It was odd to g… 
They're soo pigmented and there's so many shades to choose from its amazing. I feel like going to Walmart rn and getting more for prom lol

 marigisela  phone call to Walmart was... 😂😂😂 no attention span

 CaliforniaLuv84  what's up Jose
No lie... Walmart has some cute dresses
Amazon lowers minimum for free shipping to  35 
my mom is getting hit on in walmart....
Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests 
 89x I say shots every damn time I hear it. Watching TV. Out at Walmart. In office meetings. 😂 it has become an obsession.
 KayliexReneee 😂😂😂Um I think Walmart is it
 DaddyMeek21 You should call the Walmart radio show and tell them then.
 maddow UNEMPLOYMENT? USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS" TO THE USA?
 organizedcchaos  alllibertynews  EnemyofKhanate  MikelAntJr  nickwaye  MTannerCato  FADUTA7 26% of college grads a… 
Dead bat found in Walmart bagged salad prompts rabies investigation 
This salad bat thing SHOULD be the most not okay thing I read today. 

 Walmart play to much w/ my money though
That chicken look like it's from Walmart, quit playing with me 
 GovHowardDean  TulsiGabbard should be president! You, should be working the HR department of Walmart!
 cnni UNEMPLOYMENT? USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD?? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS" TO THE USA??
 Best  Toys Marvel Legends Iron Man Mark 6 Battle Damage  Avengers Movie Walmart Rare  Gifts 
 Shreveport  writer Rhonda Patton  cajunstories  safaris  bullying and more  pdf1  asmsg  Walmart  realshreveport
 FoxNews UNEMPLOYMENT?USA WALMART WORKERS GO DOWN, CHINA WALMART WORKERS GO UP. BoeingD? HAVE WE CONSIDERED THE "RICARDIAN BENEFITS" TO THE USA?
 Schultz975 That sounds like the crap customer service that I get at Walmart.
The best  walmart has to offer. Could be worse 💁 - Drinking a Voodoo Ranger IPA by  newbelgium - 
Trips to Walmart with the wife and kids. It's always a struggle with 2 toddlers. But it's got to get done.
can't go to walmart without running into somebody i go to school or work with 😂
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say  NYTimesBiz  NYTimesBiz
Walmart Has the Hottest Deals - YouTube 
 sashajenn Hi, Jennifer! Great news we heard back and the french fry chip can be found at Target, Kroger, Whole foods and Walmart.
currently walking around walmart with my butt and half my hair wet🙂
 HappyMonday Looking for a sweet  story for your  child..  Cajun style  AmazonKindle  pdf1  asmsg  kidlit  Walmart
 sterlingchaney i enjoy pissing people off at walmart
 NurseHarley  alice_malice  MyGeekGoddess Iiiiiiiiiiiiiii don't wanna be nude anywhere in, around, or thinking about walmart
 CoreyTaylorRock You should visit the ladies room at any Walmart! It smells like a combination of cow manure, and month old flounder 🤢
I have been stared at by multiple creeps of guys in Walmart for the last hour or so & im very uncomfy
 Marley_Carlyle I was right by Walmart so it's all good 😂
when u go to walmart is it a
 xoom.com Didn't know I had to send a copy of my DL and bank account statement in order to xfer money.  What a hassle.  Walmart took 5 mins
 Titah_glenda  mikejarrell3 Yes it was. You have a good heart Glenda. Most people wouldn't have tried to tip Walmar… 
nigga said "you be in Walmart everynight they might as well put you on a commercial' 😂
My local Walmart has had this single copy of rock band up for sale for about 10 years now 
never ever wearing tights to wheatland walmart again !!!!
Walmart toluca 7:00 pm
 MyStressReliefTactics 
Calling  Walmart and asking if their Tofu is organic?
Gross find in Walmart produce  fox-news
 karinaa_km No prob! There's also little kits at Walmart that work just fine and they're cheap!
 Zuma says black females are the poorest, so why such little focus on female entrepreneurs?  mgigaba? 
when you drive past Target because you know you gotta save money and go to Walmart 
Dead Bat Found In Bag of Walmart Salad via  menshealthmag
Dead Bat Found in Walmart Salad
Mitten
 news  8chnewsplus

 FreshUpdates  Walmart ...Does  OzzyOsbourne know about this  batsalad
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pinellas Park, FL 
 _____Annanicole  Walmart Did you go up there with your receipt and tell them what happened?
 Parker_Alexus3 Walmart , Walgreens , and Ulta
Went to Walmart & got my cookies , Starch , & soda patiently waiting for love & hip hop to come on
My dad goes to "Walmart" at least 3 times a day
Lol   this chick calling a lady crazy that reported her dog being in her car while she was in Walmart in 84 degree weather 😂😂
Drones could soon help you shop in Walmart 
Drones could soon help you shop in Walmart - Daily Mail 
I just published “Dead Bat Found in Walmart Salad” 
This dude was ready to scrap right there! Charged him! 
Lol  Walmart you trying to hide the recording warning from that angle? ;) 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Irving, TX 
 Yolkling the local walmart

they're normally 30 or more, but i snagged this one for 20
 BlackHandSmith  charlieINTEL Or just go to Walmart but ghost new for 14.99
 AOLlama Perfect! Shopping is our favorite pastime, too. (PS. Enjoy practice!) -Brian
What's more dangerous, eating a salad from  Walmart or being overbooked on a  united flight?  bat  beatuponaplane  Tampa
 TrumpkinBoo  mikejarrell3 Tks. Walmart emp carried heavy item 2 my car. Tried 2 tip him. He wouldn't take & said 2… 
Lmfao Walmart lit af. I was slappin in the Parkin lot and damn near a whole family stopped and started giggin to my music😂😂😂😂
Unironic three wolf flag shirt at Walmart because of course it is.
10-Piece Ceramic And Titanium Nonstick Set Just  99! Down From  130!…  Instagram  Walmart  Cookware  deal  deals
"we're eventually going to be homeless outside of Walmart waiting for them to throw us expired turnips"
If Amazon ever opened a distribution center/store Walmart dead
I wanna get as lit as the Metro PCS guy by Walmart.
Recall issued after dead bat found in salad sold at Walmart 
we really came to walmart and bought a football, frisbee, volleyball, & chalk 😭😭😂😂
Walmart survey  
 burningIike  SabrinaAnnLynn Ps for some reason I can't find EVOLution at my Walmart anywhere o was so mad
 911GlockDoc We want to help. Please visit so we can address these issues. -Zoe
The bf is inside shopping and I'm sitting in the Walmart parking lot because I refuse to go inside that garbage store
Walmart salad recalled after dead bat found inside; Alabama among 8 states affected  
 YlllKES that's what Walmart did for me previously
 draculasspatula I work at Walmart. I make decent money within a month all together. And I pay bills to the house and nobody else does.
Let me go ahead and go to Walmart
Going to Walmart sucks the life out of me.
Had some money left on my card, so bought some stuff from Walmart and GameStop (and signed up for Power Up Rewards) 
We just got kicked out of Walmart because we where playing hide and seek.  Walmart sucks a**
This girl tho!! 😂 to much fun. Horses rode, lunch, Walmart shopping  and girl talk!… 
Zantac 24-ct Just  2.58 at WalMart +  4 Checkout 51 Rebate!! HOT Money Maker!! -  Heartburn 
 fantas5y  UltraArenaOLT  xReknown I haven't been home in 4 days there's no way to fire up a 360 unless I'm at Walmart
 SteelForgedGame  havardlj  SharleenPlacek  thehill Yeah Walmart sucks
I'm having an awful day and I just got offered a job at Walmart because "I'd make a great fit" and it just got SO MUCH WORSE
 omg  gif  fun  lol People of Walmart. Part 35 (47 pics) 
At Walmart 
Next item on the Walmart shelf:) 
 ATT To start your city you need hospital's, Walmart and a gas station. 
I am now boycotting KFC BK Subway Starbucks Walmart & other businesses catering to Muslim ideology...Will not suppo… 
Count your blessings. Here it's all Walmart. 
“HIV VIRUS” FOUND IN WALMART BoeingNANAS AFTER 10 YEAR OLD BOY AGREEMENTS THE INFECTION - Healty living base 
 JayhawkTheatre Thank you. We met when we both started working at Walmart, in the deli.
Verafied: So, this just happened! 
 john_s_wilkins Hmm, more Walmart States and University States. The "United" seems to be a fiction...
 Drones +  Walmart? Sounds like Hell, thank you very much 👹😂 evankirstel  retail  AI  shopping  hellonearth 
loved walking out of Walmart and hearing some white dude in a huge truck blocking my car and calling some old black man "nigger"
Walmart Beauty Box Spring 2017: via  YouTube
Guy in front of me in line at Walmart just threw a literal fit because all the lines were so long. Have you never been to Walmart before?
I found the answer to the world's problems  freeadvertising  PepsiAdvert    Walmart  united  mondaymotivation 
These mini cheesecakes are the perfect Easter treat! Our no-bake Graham Style Crust is available at  Walmart or… 
 DizzyForRzeznik We got you, ☠️☕️ -Brian
So, this just happened! 
People love the way I dress and say I look so good and I probly pay a lot for my clothes! If they only knew where they came from😂😂  walmart
 nytimes Probably could've guessed the "Florida" and "Walmart" parts without them being mentioned...
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Saint Cloud, FL 
 JianGhomeshi I heard  Walmart is hiring, in your case though, you should shave your ass and walk in backwards.
Walmart's Fresh Express salad recalled after dead bat discovery via the  FoxNews App 
So I was in the check out line at Walmart and this guy is in front of me. looking done he asks why i don't have paint on those nails-
Shit you see at Walmart 
 NURstudnt_forvr  thegeniest I live in the smallest little shit-hole town ever. We have ONE 24 hour gas station. Our Walmart isn't even 24hr
BITCH I HATE WALMART
 Major_Cilantro  skelterheIter Yeah it's just like a normal grocery, like Walmart but with probably less stuff? I d… 
Walmart is a maze
 RockdaleLight the Walmart in Dahlonega, GA no longer has rockdale light. Please fix this because we can't switch beer now
Got  Dued1_Roblox work at a pizza place toy and I don't know the other person 🤣I am So HAPPY THAT THEY HAVE THESE… 
This is why i won't buy a guitar from walmart. They are face smahingly cheap. 
 havardlj  SharleenPlacek  Elizabe40407889  thehill When I worked for Walmart most single non-children folks could… 
 MAnotGinger I had it done for the 1st time in 30+ years - Walmart. Shopping with wife/daughter after was like a mild hit of acid + Xanax...
Should  alicia_visconti go to Walmart and dons with me
Daughter in Walmart yesterday 😂yelling throughout the whole store🤦🏽‍♀️ 
Pomegranate Bonsai Tree for  22 + pickup at Walmart 
Only in Florida ... Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say 
Governor Bentley finna b a greeter at Walmart
HASBRO STAR WARS BLACK SERIES 3.75 Inch Kylo Ren ACTION FIGURE Walmart Exclusive  STARWARS
 HamWrapdInBacon  epawawx It has been! Bring the Firebird and I'll roll up in the 88 Oldsmobile Cutlass Cierra with… 
 mrs_brs I hate Walmart so much 😑
Its like how Jet Blue used to be an amazing airline until United bought them and turned it into the Walmart of Airplanes.
 BzzAgent  mambareviews  Walmart I love grocery shopping!! And I love using coupons and rebates!!
 realmarekfe When you don't stand for anthem you stand to lose your job protest your your next job at Walmart
 walmarthelp 2)Pharmacist was rude unprofessional incompetent I will stop referring my patients to Walmart for pres… 
 ausrevoir walmart always giving just what u need
 mpigliucci So we should talk of Walmart states and U states?
 Hi_Im_Brittney Walmart had em
Incoming 7th graders must have Tdap immunization. Walmart Pharmacy is holding a Tdap Immunization Clinic at CJHS on April 13th, 3:00-5:30pm.
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer - Forbes 
yum yum gimme some ...
bat salad from Walmart   wtf
 latimes When I'm in Florida, If I don't find a dead bat in my Walmart salad I ask for a refund.
 Ts_LisaLovely Just watched your clip and The Walmart parking lot you're naughty
Win a year's supply of tide   downy   bouncefresh from walmart via   jessicanturner 
these mfs a walmart slow asab
 RikiRachtman  DeathWishCoffee I need to try  DeathWishCoffee ☕️☕️☕️can I get it at 
 Walmart or a grocery store;or just online, Riki?
Omg 😲 I'm taking the ones I've recently purchased back...like right now!🤢🤢🤢 
 shethesea  LadySithis the walmart near me has an abundance of apparel they're trying to get rid of so they marked… 
 st4rfru1t im gonna fight ur mom in a Walmart parking lot
 paigesantore16 Girl get some of the faded glory ones from Walmart. They're 3.88 and they hold up.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Somerdale, NJ 
I hate walmart on 47 😴
Shout out to the dude at Walmart that got the yum yum sauce off the top shelf for me 😘
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Burley, ID 
 DianneInIndiana  YVNGTRXP  CocaCola In NV they are at Walmart all the time
im still wrapping my head around how there's 3 real stores in town where i can legally buy pot and yet i gotta buy electronics from walmart
Took my truck to Walmart for off-road tires
reasons why I don't grocery shop in Walmart anymore unless it's the last option.. 
Spending some money while I wait for soccer practice. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Warrenton, VA) 
Pulled up to Walmart today and saw a literal goat in the front seat of this lady's car.....only in ware 
Found over  280.13 in potential profit from Walmart/Household Essentials to sell on Amazon!  OA
Nothing against Walmart, but "Easter Like You Mean It" seems to miss the mark on holiday marketing campaigns.
Cramer made a great case to buy Walmart. Agree
Spring it on. Save up to  25 when you open a Walmart Credit Card. > 
Excited to find prepped butternut squash at the WalMart market - almost half the cost of Whole… 
 thepioneerwoman  KKrConrad Love the pioneer woman but the flat whisk I bought at Walmart broke the week I bought it.
Never thought I'd see the day that I'd be pissed off cause Walmart was out of brussel sprouts
 JHCares gonna do more than just follow me? Id like to get my PROMISED 50 dollar  Walmart  giftcard.
Mama made me stop at Walmart and I got mad and said "you always have me spending all this money dang" and the total was  4.77 😂💀
Walmart just big asf
 mikeymanfs use got band from Walmart for stupid shit SMH lol shout out to u bro  local
 OseriCases THESE ARE  9 AT WALMART!!!! I have one lol
 latimes I didn't know my grandma goes to Walmart.
 jeyyounit11 the Walmart by my house sells Arizona drinks for 50¢, I might send you some fo sho 🤙🏼
Common Mawwhhh put on the best jean shorts and tank top u's got ...we heading to Walmart !! It's beautiful out today ....
Just saw a horrific accident in front of Walmart on Warrensville Center Road. People laying in the street, a big... 
Thought today was mothers day bc of all the flowers in Walmart so I got my mom flowers
The only thing that makes Walmart tolerable is Ms Ella!! Oh how I love her 💕
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer 
Or they could drag me off like some spoiled 4 yr old dragged out of the Toy Dept at Walmart
 HEMIvik  TFCFan I work in Walmart I saw everything today lmfao
 latimes Oh  Walmart. Oh  Florida. Why am I not shocked...?😱
If anyone I know is at Walmart right this second message me asap please
 wildbrad  Walmart Haha that's good.
Now I'm gonna hit Walmart, can't wait to play bumper carts with the moronic shoppers...move bitch get out the way...  rage
Someone is literally watching porn in the next stall over from me in this Walmart bathroom so I hope they don't mind that I'm about to poop.
 MandiMarie78 We want every visit you have to be a pleasant one. Please visit so we can help you. -Zoe
A Mobile Gamer framed Walmart's Ike amiibo while playing their Wii U
Canada starting to gain some momentum! 
 senseibrion Yes! I went to Walmart and found a cute one and i loovvveee it✨😂
 ichheissederek  Walmart Not that much... three visits in three months, given its proximity, is hardly a habit
 FortuneMagazine  WindyGirl64 U gotta know it was placed there by disgruntled Walmart employee. Those ppl always look sad & disenfranchised
Uh...I don't care if it is WalMart...a drone flies over my head in  MS, I'm shooting the damn thing down. 
 GrRi2 As if I needed another reason to not shop at Walmart.
 Lil_Frank16 It's Walmart but I feel
What are the New Free Shipping Rules at Walmart? 
Who else sells fake games to their customers like Walmart? No PlayStation logo on the game and it looks like printe… 
I'm about to go to Walmart and drop  100 on candy so I can be fat at school tomorrow
 Drones could soon help you shop in Walmart  drones 
Dumb ass bitch at Walmart look like a Dom thinking somebody about to take her parking spot I was tying to get tf out
Fresh Express  recalls packaged  salads from  Walmart after dead bat found  itm  noagenda  food  rabies  recall
Where the fuck they picking this lettuce?  Caves?  batsalad  Walmart
Decomposed bat found in Walmart salad via  realDennisLynch
Chit Chat   Walmart: via  YouTube
Dollar Tree Walmart Haul Bernees way hauled the Fragrance booster: via  YouTube
 wildbrad But looks like you have succumbed to the power of  Walmart  in middle America. 🤐😱
imma be going to walmart on friday to print some pics ✊🏼😋
 BryndenBFish We don't all have access to Walmart, OK? Spare a thought for the poor beleaguered middle class.
 Walmart plans fly  drones in it stores to assist you in your shopping  itm  noagenda  drone
Are Macy's, Walmart, Kohl's or Target open on Easter 2017? Which stores are closed 
when u skip class and then see ur professor at walmart
Do we need to package them like Barbie dolls? Or is treating them like inanimate merchandise you buy in a walmart g… 
 WagleyJWagley Actually food basics Mary and Barton plus Freshco gage and Barton and Metro Centre Mall along with W… 
Suggested search: Walmart wheelchair bukake, ok, removing myself from the internet
ICP and KISS will put their name on anything. But, damn OZZY a limited edition salad bro? 
 latimes Why would anyone buy 'fresh food' from walmart. Get chips and what not, not meat, fruit, or greens. Just m… 
its like if i went to walmart and bought a tv and they found out they were out of stock & instead of refunding me they dropkick me instead
 Walmart I've been standing in checkout line in Covington, GA for 15 minutes ! Please get more checkout people !
Ran into a weird looking bunny in Walmart lol but Dino was so excited I just had to take a pic 🐰… 
I JUST SAW THE HOTTEST GUY IVE MAYBE EVER SEEN AT WALMART HOOOO BOY
Today I smashed my toes in WalMart and kept walking like nothing happened. Social anxiety changes people. 🙃🙃
 Pamerz2104  ethansbasic  jmick1776  VineCreators I find it amusing how anyone just thinks Canada is gonna just let… 
Two people find dead bat in packaged salad they were eating, sold by a Florida Wal-Mart  
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART SHENANIGANS FAKE EMPLOYEE PRANK! (TOILET PAPER FORT)
Recall issued after two people find a rotting bat in their Walmart salad. 
Alone, in a Walmart toy aisle  feellikeacreep
 Payton_raee15 I called my bank and walmart & they think my card probably got skimmed at like sheetz or something im like tf why me
Forever hating trips to Walmart. 🤦🏾‍♀️
Two people find dead bat in packaged salad they were eating. It was sold by a Florida Wal-Mart… 
Walmart / Dollar Tree Haul: via  YouTube
 Walmart bid  9 million for the domain name & IP.
 entrepreneur  Report  mondaymotivation… 
 jimcramer Walmart outdoor edgy Michigan retailer Moosejaw to help run outdoor clothing business
Sucking cock understall at walmart 
 Walmart Not sure why the Great Value tall kitchen bags were changed, but it's awful. See through and definitely not tear-resistant.
bro this brand used to be  5- 10 at walmart wtf 
BREAKING! Walmart caught Hiding Rotten BoeingT in Customers Salad! Are they Trying to Give us Rabies? 🚨🇺🇸🙊 
 omg_elvis Lmao I took my nephews he told me que en el Walmart venden 😂
Walmart on garners Ferry is so slack & unprofessional it's ridiculous
Not the nutritional boost they had in mind for leafy greens 😬 
I'm at Walmart in Honolulu, HI 
 FallingOffEarth Does this mean we start to package them like Barbie dolls? Or is treating them like inanimate merc… 
 rileighevans  c_burrell22  rileighevans Are they at Lowes or maybe Walmart?
The pic I took the other day at Walmart. It's funny seeing this and to see what I had in my… 
I found a lost puppy at Walmart  SabrinaAnnLynn 
There are people who would still choose this over the batless version that is not organic.  organicscam 
Why?  randomphotooftheday   Walmart Lampasas 
Chicken 💀 if I have to it's w.e but it's not good for you they pumping steroids in them mfs before they go to Walma… 
i hate bein in walmart
 realphilhendrie It's fine. Nobody has ever purchased a salad from Walmart.
There's people of Walmart, and then there's people of Aldi's
Short walmart toyhunt: via  YouTube
dyed my hair blue for the first time today. we didn't have gloves or a brush so we literally used a plastic walmart bag and a paintbrush
Found over  1,335.83 in potential profit from Walmart/Home Improvement to sell on Amazon!  OA
 JenBrownson Great photo! We love it. We're sure the Easter Bunny was glad you visited us too. -Red
Mainstays 3-Shelf Bookcase, Multiple Finishes  25.35  Walmart

 MadMoneyOnCNBC  Walmart only exists to take food stamps and SS checks. They hold little inventory and always out. THey have poor e-commerce
Okay but   Walmart they 7.99 ?? 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
 readers  amreading  Walmart  BBCWorld  nytimesworld  World  buynow  invest  retirement  successsecrets 
Drove all the way to Shawnee only to find I don't have my wallet with me at Walmart's checkout ARGH!
 son_ofa_GUNN  _imGREG I'm literally on my way to Walmart now. you need anything?
 DANEgerus  LarrySchweikart Walmart got involved & motivated China to step up.
and then go to Walmart and stock up on food and supplies that'll last for months
Consumers get some unexpected protein with the discovery of a dead bat in  organic salad from  Walmart.  foodsafety 
Mobile Alabama man kills girlfriend-commits suicide at Walmart 
I literally just rolled out of bed after working 18 hours & im walking thru Walmart & some dude goes "you're beautiful have a good day" stop
Well isn't that cool. A guy was arrested at the Walmart I shop at after he attacked police with a machete
gone have my bestfriend or my cuzzin to my walmart application before i get out of school
Gone to WalMart why are some black women so damn ignorant?
True Story: Someone Found a Dead Bat in Their Bagged Salad and We're Totally Grossed Out 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Supercenter Saugus 
trump can make walmart great again. 
RIP to the goose by Walmart
You Might Gag at the Reason There's a Recall on These Prepackaged Salads F 
In a northeast Walmart. Hopefully I don't get shot or stabbed
 MmJj888  GourmetSimple  PaperPlanes2010 Is it better than walmart
 JamesD1975 We couldn't be happier to hear that! Thanks for stopping by. -Red
CRIB WITH MO TVS THAN WALMART😤🤧😈☝🏻💯
I got one about 1 1/2 months ago and it has one of the recall lot numbers. Let's see what Walmart is going to do... 
 khadyajah don't be😭 I got it from the Walmart in Hempstead
Went to Walmart to buy new leggings. Got home. Realized I bought the wrong kind of leggings. It's FINE.
Salad sold at Walmart recalled after dead bat found inside bag 
I mean consumers can do whatever the fuck they want, but ultimately I still go to walmart. I'll fly united
 HoneyBadgerTami We're sorry that you're having trouble with your order. On what day did you contact the Walmart Beauty Box team? -Zoe
Drones could soon help you shop in Walmart  AiMRT
Life update : I have a new job interview tomorrow and Walmart decided not to fire me 😩 I can't have two jobs 👀
Soon as I pull up to Walmart it starts raining 😡
I am 1 very happy 90's girl right now. Thanks Walmart!! Adding another  MMPR shirt to the collection!!… 
 Moravec593 Awesome! Do you have favorites, or are they all equal? -Red
anyone want to drive me to walmart to get gummy bears?
Disney Funko Pop Vinyls- Walmart Exclusive Princess Unboxing 
 Repost  thebassman102
Which one would you own for a day? A. Casino B. Walmart C. McDonalds D.… 
People of Walmart never cease to amaze me

FREE Bat with every Walmart  salad lol !
 DFSLineups__ Get this stuff at Walmart. Helped me 
Canme back from UIL Regionals with 23th individual place and 7th team overrall for accounting.  Nathan__James__ 
Walmart’s New Layaway Plan – How Does It Work? 
 DominicLoBrutto Walmart ?
 ITSHANCHO was u in a white shirt at Walmart parking lot bro lol I saw u
Shoutout to those who complimented me today especially the lady working at Walmart 💜💖
I'm at  Walmart in Irvine, CA 
.Walmart will join CocaCola, PepsiCo, GeneralMills & JNJCares to commit to buy from more women-owned companies  su…
Which one would you own for a day? A. Casino B. Walmart C. McDonalds D. Airport 
 ChipsonHughes Aww, we're glad you feel that way. We do our best to make sure our customers save! -Red
 walmarthelp  Walmart 
So you just take my Fucking money and give me a fake game!? 
Amazon and Walmart are competing to win over the fashion market. 
Cuddl Duds Warm Sleepwear Set Just  5! Down From…  Fashion_For_Less  Frugal_Fashion  Instagram  Walmart  Cuddl_Duds
Aroma 14-Cup Rice Cooker Just  9.72! Down From  19!  Instagram  Walmart  Aroma  deal  deals
It turns out that  5 flats from Walmart are not a good idea. The struggle of a nursing student  ballinonabudget
 xeni customer: “oooh, I love beet salad!”
Walmart: “sorry, that's a typo.”

💀🦇🥗
Same problem with Mexicans, just check out any border state, any Walmart.  MassDeportation now 
Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after a dead bat was found inside  Comment:  "minimal risk" hardly comforting
People of Walmart. Part 35 (47 pics) 
 organizedcchaos  alllibertynews  EnemyofKhanate  MikelAntJr  nickwaye  MTannerCato  FADUTA7 Walmart pays slave wag… 
i'd go to walmart but i have laundry in th
And....never eating salad again 😐

Walmart always encroaching on some shit 😒 
What an interesting day at Walmart so far...
 iAisuness Excellent choice! Did you play the past Mario Kart games as well? -Red
of course it would be a god damn walmart in fucking florida 
 Walmart I tired Walmart Grocery pickup Walmart Blue Angel in  pensacola Walmart website keeps going down & was double charged & no help!
The end of scouring the supermarket shelves: Walmart developing in-store drone that can bring your shopping to you 
 organizedcchaos  alllibertynews  EnemyofKhanate  MikelAntJr  nickwaye  MTannerCato  FADUTA7 Walmart's business mod… 
Apparently some fifteen year old girl snuck into Walmart in town before closing and set four different fires.
3% of violent crimes are committed with a registered gun...what is gun control when u can get a dirty burner like going to Walmart ?🤷🏾‍♂️
I liked a  YouTube video WE GOT KICKED OUT OF WALMART FOR THIS!!
Keep an eye on your mail... 
I'm reminded how disgusting some guys can really be everyyyy time I go to Walmart.
Walmart Unveils New Technology To Improve Shopping – True Daily 
Walmart employee getting in trouble while I am waiting for my pictures. 😂😂😂😂😂😂  CaughtLyingRedHanded
. Walmart will join  CocaCola,  PepsiCo,  GeneralMills &  JNJCares to commit to buy from more women-owned companies 
peridot love where dreamer bitch walmart lover
 Laura23027886 What a save! We bet movie night was fantastic. -Red
Unseasoned chicken & the mayo aisle at walmart 
Dead Bat Found In Bagged Salad From Walmart 
Walmart grocery pickup coming to Calgary | Canadian Grocer 
😂😭   Walmart Hampton 
buy my dress dammit. Where it to ur wedding or around the house or to Walmart idc 
Me: I had a nightmare
Mom: -looks worried-
Me: I was trapped in a Walmart and I woke up sweating
Walmart grocery pickup coming to Calgary 
 toyhypeusacom Yeah, I hate that. Found him & Muckman at Target the other day. They had just them out. Saw Tigerclaw at Walmart yesterday.
I hate coming to Walmart , shit forever pack 🙄
chanel vs walmart ! 
I just spent 5 minutes in Walmart parking lot lookin for my car till I realized I drove the truck. 🙄
Found some goodies in Walmart 
Sanyo question: Sanyo Dp55d44. I bought a Sanyo DP55D44 TV from Walmart a little over 2 years ago. The one half of - 
 MakaylaKeeksl The cure is 1/2 gallon of the cheapest run at Walmart and pineapple juice. I swear 👌🏻
i walk into Walmart 
i must die
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
A dead bat has been found inside a package of  FreshUpdates salad mix from  Walmart  
 chloejobe went live on my insta yesterday & people actually watched as we walked around Walmart... what even 😅
 AldosWorldTV U should do a challenge in Virginia at our walmart
 feloneouscat  TheSoundDefense  sonofanders121  co_rapunzel4  geokelley  elle2_0  KelvinChico007  JordanUhl No we w… 
 EmmaFent I'm going to Walmart in about 5 minutes.
Pray for me.
 JPerez3987  Walmart  Target Most people haven't. One per case is what's driving up inflated prices from 3rd party sellers.
Salad found around dead bat bought from Walmart 
Why did I just see the cutest boy at Walmart 😂😂😂💀
 NaturesRecipe I abhor Walmart but I am a Sam's Club member. Do u sell in Sam's? The last time I went to Walmart, my lug nuts were removed.
Terrible accident on Warrensville Center infront of Walmart!! Praying Everyone is okay 🙌🏽
So people in Florida finding dead bats in their Walmart salad 😲😲
Ozark Trail Kerr Inflatable River Couch for  14 + pickup at Walmart

. Walmart The cards are /not/ anywhere in my car or house or I would already have my phone turned on.
Is there a video of the fight at the McDonald's by Walmart? There's blood and broken glass lol
Drones could soon help you shop in Walmart
       
       Oh my God!
Some trashy lady just called me a bitch bc I was walking behind her in Walmart... 🤔
i was​ in the self checkout buying gum at Walmart and this dude was just STANDING behind me STARING and i started SWEATING i was so anxious
 WalmartAction  Walmart I order 2 boxes you charged for three. So I cancelled one. Now you are cancelling my member… 
I am so mad at  Walmart. I honest to God don't have these phone cards and now I'm lost over  100
Painstakingly dealing with the child I never gave birth to.... — feeling perplexed at Walmart Houston - Highway 6 S 
I'm 100% sure someone is having sex in the stall next to me at Walmart...
 chiakanas THERES WALMART SUSHI???
 Top  Toys Hasbro 3.75  Marvel Avengers Set Walmart Exclusive Hulk Loki  IronMan Legends 
MY BROTHER JUST TRIED TO THROW ME IN A TRASH CAN AT WALMART I AM TRAUMATIZED. 

LITERALLY PICKED ME UP AND ALMOST PUT ME IN A TRASH CAN.
something that actually happened to me right now:

"Attention walmart customers, I shit my pants."
Irene called kanata the Walmart version of sushi I suddenly don't know her
Walmart to fly drones in stores to help you shop 
 realDonaldTrump Great day will be your impeachment day.   ImpeachTrump   russiagate   You need to get Pence a styl… 
I would totally wear an Anal Cunt shirt. Everywhere. Church. Walmart. Your mother's home.
What would  Walmart say if I bearhugged a giant roll of bubble wrap to pop all the bubbles then put it back on the shelf?
This is why you don't buy salad from a Walmart in Florida  
FDA Finds Majority of Herbal Supplements at GNC, Walmart, Walgreens, And Target Don’t Contain What They Claim –... 
 Telegraph It's doesn't prove that AT ALL.  Eric needs to STFU and enjoy the perks of being mediocre.  He should be… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Winnsboro, LA 
LMFAOOOO WE JUST RAN OUT OF WALMART WITH THREE CO WORKERS IN FRONT OF US HAHAHAHAHA
Getting excited for the preseason football schedule is like looking at the lingerie section in the walmart ad.
 Zasne_II Okay, I'll go to  Kayshire_Cat's walmart and have her sell it to me
Walmart: butt cracks and kankles
Drones could soon help you shop in Walmart
       

Go in Walmart for 2 steaks.....spend  110  IAmericaSill
Dead Bat Inside Walmart Salad Forces Recall via  TMZ 
im not gna lie when i first started mca i only made  1000 a week but that WAY better then working in walmart for  7.75/hr!
Herbal Supplements at GNC, Walmart,  Don’t Contain What They Claim – Instead Cheap Fillers Like Wheat And Soy Powder 
 WalmartAction  Walmart why? You made the MISTAKE and you are canceling me? I paid for 2 you charged me for THREE!… 
need to hit walmart tomorrow kill
 Walmart will you ask them to do a signing in the L.A. county area. Please? Esp Kelsea since she's a country artist… 
Two people shared a bag of salad that contained one dead bat, and the salads from Walmart have been recalled. 
 BBCWorld I can very easily picture a walmart shopper eating the bat and not saying a thing.🦇🦇🦇 
Iono why folks be playin with  pattyeffinmayo. They must not know you be fightin bitches in the hair care isle at Walmart 😂😂😂
 mamagrouch How did they turn out? We bet they were great! -Red
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  500 Walmart gift card  GiftCards  Gifts 
A sign laying in the parking lot of Walmart reads: 

"Wil worke for my dog 1 "
 Walmart Thank you.. Sayyyy I'm wondering.. do you have signers come to ur store And sign?  camilacabello97 and… 
FREE Bic Razors at Walmart - - via  frugalmrsjones
Is it that deep that they were in Walmart? Why are y'all SEETHING over that fact? It was random..😩 
went to walmart and witnessed a guy proposing to his girlfriend there bc thats where they met, fml
Print this high value coupon to score this money maker! This is a good way to add extra money to your Disney fund!

Standing in Ashland Walmart checkout and realized all 3 of our cars were in Ashland in 3 different places.  3drivers 😱🚗
"Well yeah I've been featured on people of Walmart"
AcuRite Wireless Weather Clock Station for  7 + pickup at Walmart - 
Found over  2,913.48 in potential profit from Walmart/Toys to sell on Amazon!  OA
oh gonna little walmart
Sometimes I just think about when Gary from Teen Mom bought Amber an engagement ring from Walmart for  21
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Edmond, OK 
Get FREE Zantac + OVERAGE at Walmart! - 
Benton FD - responding to Walmart Benton - Interstate 30 S - Medical Emergency (1659) 

At this time, Saline... 
One of many reasons why i refuse to shop at walmart 
hi im 17 I cant find my mom in walmart and I am very afraid
To go to Walmart to spend money or take a nap or fish...
Dead bat found in Walmart salad sparks recall 
my cashier   walmart told me that scientists now think that triceratops didn't actually exist and i think about that a lot now
Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests. Only in Florida.  
This is almost English.
 ppcdad We'd say it's WONDERful stuff! Are you planning on seeing the movie as well? -Red
 hennigmatique pck v et jungkook c CHANEL ns c Walmart
 NotGbo Lol you know who else provides contraception? Drug stores, grocery stores, convenience stores, pharmacies,… 
Overheard at work: "what I usually do is take them into Walmart and have them suck on it for 10 minutes." 😮😮  ReferringToDrugTests  ButDang
Fourth of July Spectacular Returns to the Walmart AMP  NWAnews  NWark -- 
4th of July Spectacular at the Walmart AMP!  NWAnews  NWark -- 
Where To Buy Phytoceramides: GNC, Walmart or Walgreens? - 
Welcome to your Streetsboro, OH. Verizon Wireless. Located in front of  Walmart and next to  ChipotleTweets. 
Dead bat found in Walmart bagged salad prompts rabies investigation
 Walmart
and honestly she's lucky i didn't find her when i angry as hell when i first walked into walmart because i was really ready to beat the
 nytimes Yes, usually Walmart cooks the protein source first and fillets the meat off the bones. Sorry about those skipped steps.
Man attempts to snatch baby from mom at NC Walmart via  abc11_wtvd
 wilsonjr65 Like we need any more reasons to NOT shop at Walmart!!
 DaGr8Patriot  famoustarstrips  solomonster 😂😂😂 walmart Bobby Lashley cause he too happy
Win a  100.00 Walmart Gift Card From The Todd & Erin Favorite Five! You know you want it. 
 Lovely_Jezeee I'm at Walmart near sams town 
Those lines at Walmart are ridiculous, my dad left 12 years ago to get milk and cigarettes and he still hasn't returned!
Stuff like this is why we don't grocery shop at Walmart. Their standards are so low. 😱😱🤢🤢 
BUT THE REALLY INTERESTING THING IS THEY SUPPLIED WALMART B4. With  AMZN owning 26% that's gonna end 😀
went to Walmart for 2 things and left with 17 ☹️
 ikensaa_rach Yes. I hate that walmart so much but it's so much more convenient
 TeachaRific (1/2) Hello! It looks like the Publix & Walmart locations near you carry our products. Find all locati… 
SICK NASTY!!!! WALMART CUSTOMERS ARE FREAKING AFTER WHAT THEY JUST FOUND... via  YouTube not surprised its walmart
Two people find dead bat in packaged salad they were eating, sold by a Florida Wal-Mart: A recall has been issued…… 
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
"Oh but Walmart is so cheap I love shopping there" 
Yeaaaa well good luck with that rabies test ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
I'm a solid 4, but I swear in walmart I'm a 10
Huge Dish Network advertisement across the back window, Ohio State sticker (from Walmart), and “HILLARY FOR PRISON 2016” on the bumper 👌🏻
I've been sitting in Walmart parking lot for almost an hour 😭
Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests - bat found in Walmart salad ... 
Aye dis drunk bitch at Walmart woulda got stole already if it was me
Every website has posted this screencap of Andrew and it's funny until I remember I have to see him irl whenever I… 
BREAKING! Walmart caught Hiding Rotten BoeingT in Customers Salad! Are they Trying to Give us Rabies?: via
Ranch wings from Walmart 🖤
 PRT  Stroller  Trends for Kids UV Protection Net for Carrycot on 
I need to go to Walmart. Pray for me.
On the menu tonight. Toss salad with bat toppings. Just maybe that prove the "organic" craze is just hocum!!  walmart  batsalad
Drones could soon help you shop in Walmart  drones
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Las Vegas, NV 
Dead bat found in packaged salad sold by Florida Wal-Mart 
 DylanScottCntry  Walmart  music  country (( on instagram  destineyskyy) ) 
But was it an anti-BoeingT message from WalMart? 
Yeah, but it was Walmart organic salad mix. Yum. 
Yendo a walmart
 2017Sohs Walmart will kick you out if they see nerf guns
Not even close to the worst story I've read today 
To leave Walmart and work at the mall🤔
 HarleyDAbrams You go to Walmart? Haha
 AlexanderLasry  Bucks How about more stuff in places outside of the MKE area? How about Boston Stores, Kohl's, hel… 
So I decide that if I walk into walmart and see her within a minute of looking I'm beating her ass but if I have to walk around a lil
Chanel vs Walmart 
Sweetheart the small rainbow owl from Walmart,
Are Macy’s, Walmart, Kohl’s or Target open on Easter 2017? Which stores are closed 
When the Consoles Die - What Walmart Tells Us About the Future of Gaming
Just pulled a titanic moment in Walmart on a shopping cart...
What this means my children, is in order to purchase some SPICY loot boxes I must walk thousands of miles to a walmart. We're fkin GRINDIN
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Muskego, WI 
“Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after a dead bat was found inside,” Macon Telegraph, April 9. Memo to self: no Walmart salads
I could believe that . Walmart ain't shit 
Dead Bat Inside Walmart Salad Forces Recall via  TMz this is disgusting. Where is the  US_FDA  
 XCutieMomoX I have friends that got fluent in elvish. Used to walk around Walmart talking in it. People were creeped the duck out
Found this creepy ass thing at Walmart... Just look at its demonic grin 😱😱😱😱 
Vote with your dollars, folks!... 
Self checkouts at Walmart make me feel very self-conscious​ about my bagging skills.
 Call_Me_Beardo  Freeyourmindkid  Walmart I got all his info... I'm going to subscribe him porn magazines...
Plano 4-Tier Heavy-Duty Plastic Shelves for  12.75 - was  15. Free store pickup available  Walmart… 
Currently reading snack reviews on 
If you're gonna contact me expecting Walmart prices for my services, don't bother contacting me at all.
 bunnyfem need inexpensive swimsuit lol. I was thinking of browsing Ross, walmart, etc. Long beach doesnt have walmarts.. lol
 zaogon I don't have to go as far as Walmart to be robbed of material possesions, I just gotta go around the corner my man
Would you want drones flying above you while you're shopping at your local Walmart? 
 moss752  enfilmigult  troysgirl  Lovablejerk07  CNN 
Her job is to grow HER biz and not to worry about others.  Walmart also put small oob
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  CricketRewards Download today!  
You guys hear ab the clown that hides from gay ppl at walmart?
Walmart got some P5 advertisement 😍 
Yes, my thoughts exactly Walmart  FWA2017 
 nastynastydope Walmart
my mom's car battery died at Walmart so now we're waiting for the auto department to install a new one 😒
 comcast66  Texcess I'm not poor Walmart is where you rednecks shop oh hers a early BDay gift is Lemonade cause you… 
Holy Salad, Batman! 

Mt. Olive Pickle Relish as Low as  0.49 at Target, Walmart & Homeland! 
If ever you have faith in your fellow man just hit up the local Walmart
just spoke to a gorgeous girl at Walmart and she gave me her number, sweet
 gobucksburson I started laughing before I even watched it hahaha Walmart Wolverines 😂
 My_nameishuman  MonsterJam It's currently sold out, but will return to stores again this Fall. You can start looki… 
she always in Walmart with pajama pants & a shower cap on at anytime of day . 
Dead bat found in packaged salad sold by Florida Wal-Mart (LA Times) 
go get some shit at Walmart
When there is one person working customer service knowing damn well you need 4  Walmart
Dead bat found in packaged salad sold by Florida Wal-Mart  LosAngelesTimes  latimes  news
 toyhypeusacom I've spotted them at  Walmart &  target too.
I liked a  YouTube video HIDE AND SEEK AT WALMART!! (ALMOST KICKED OUT)
So... lemme tell y'all how I was just called an "idiot ass nigger" in the walmart parking lot
Just realized the kid at walmart just looked at my face and didn't ID me to buy a rated R movie and now my day is ruined. 😣😣😣
And then this happened... Decomposed bat is found inside bag of organic salad from a Florida Walmart 
Donna has been working here for 89 years bro  Walmart
 MrEddieGarro Were they fighting to get to Walmart?
Man in Walmart just asked about car stereos & then said what he really wanted was someone to set up a home theater... 🤷🏼‍♀️
Found over  238.94 in potential profit from Walmart/Sports & Outdoors to sell on Amazon!  OA
I wish my local Walmart sold hard candy, rip 😭 
4 Reasons To Love Walmart Family Mobile  cbias  blog  blogging  technology
attention friends never buy walmart incense they smell legit like the bottom of a dumpster
FREE BoeingBY BOX!!!


 OliviaVivianne  enfilmigult  troysgirl  Lovablejerk07  CNN Are they small businesses? Neither is WWE. Difference i… 
Walmart U.S. Ecommerce Executives Meet with Suppliers to Explain New Strategy 
If you want to be treated badly as a,customer Tampa store  5221  Walmart is your store  disgusting  hereIcome  cvspharmacy pls retweet!!!
Just watched a baby pick up a container of strawberries at Walmart and scream "I love you strawbis"
Triple H defeats Stephanie McMahon via Tripping on Air in a Falls Count Anywhere Match at Walmart
 feelsradman  Walmart Blasphemy !
When you get complemented on your Walmart shoes 😂💁🏻💗
Win A  100.00 Walmart Gift Card From The Todd & Erin Favorite Five! 
If you want to be treated badly as a,customer Tampa store  5221  Walmart is your store  disgusting  hereIcome  cvspharmacy
 thechrisdenker  thechrisdenker you don't truly understand this meme until you work at walmart
 CourtRundell Go easy on him. He just made a momentous career move from Walmart and his head was probably still spi… 
These Walmart Lines Something Serious 😂😂
 DannyKazari Walmart hasn't called either. McDonalds looks easy though tbh
Ribbon cutting for  billysoriginal being sold at  Walmart here in  Vicksburg 
 walmart is trash
 CashNastyGaming If you ever do the job hunting video again you should go to the Walmart you used to work at and ask if they hiring.
 theadamcarter  VMFSU  TrickyNix92  wilw take it in about 15 - 30 minutes if no hits come back. Long guns, just lik… 
Why Walmart Rillos Look Like A Pregnancy Test 😂 
EBRSO: Women wanted for stealing money from College Drive Walmart 
 pennythehairlessdog has spent this gorgeous Monday wearing her 80-cent, reptile-themed Walmart… 
Irritating af when I'm trying to look for a prom dress and oomf wanna go get boba wanna go to Walmart bitch I came to get a prom dress 🙃
This Walmart employee.. uses the damn bathroom & did wash his hands.. NASTY AF!
EBRSO: Women wanted for stealing money from College Drive Walmart

I h8 working at Walmart , old men always trying to holla at me 🙄
The High-End Walmart Brand 4s. 
DO NOT EVER use  Walmart pharmacy Tampa Store  5221 Horrendous cust service! Uncalled for when dealing with customer prescriptions
It really hits hard that you wasted a whole month when you end up having to utilize the trash ass  Walmart pharmacy AGAIN. I hate these ppl
Urban outfitters is trash bc you coulda been had that Champion brand from Walmart in the 90s for literally 10 bucks
 Claudiaaaaaa5 imma need you to not judge me.... I didn't get my food this weekend I have to go to Walmart tonight .. so til then 😏😏
YOU REALLY DON'T HAVE TO READ BEYOND THE HEADLINES ON THIS ONE:


 TwilightSaga Twilight Saga Eclipse Walmart Lanyard And Collectable Gift Cards (NO VALUE) 
Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after dead bat found inside 
Why do people think asking for cash in the Walmart parking lot to "get gas" is gonna work?! NO. I AINT GOT NOTHIN GET OUTTA HERE.
Walmart Distribution Center will be here on Thursday, April 13th to talk about internship and job opportunities in BU123 from 12:15-1:15.
20 registers at Walmart, 5 are open and 3 of them are 20 items or less. It's crowded Walmart, open some more registers!
Hey,  Walmart ! Any idea why your store is selling expired sushi? 🤔 
 LarrieGuardian bitch im cheap, walmart
GoPro HERO4 Battery for  7.71  Walmart  HERO4 
 majjickbean At Walmart?
But Walmart only had the family size
Sports Edge live today at the Webb City Walmart for Missouri Southern Day. Come out and meet the Lions baseball and… 
 Walmart Tampa Store  5221 Worst cust serv from Dainishia in Pharmacy! I will never use again & will blast every soc media i can!!!!
The 5 "It's"...Learn more about Walmart's eCommerce strategy from our recent WalStreet Speaker Series.Thanks to... 
Walmart invests billions to buy from women-owned businesses. Is it enough?  csr  supplychain
Went to Walmart for makeup wipes...long story short I spent too much money and also left with a fish😅
Ozark Trail Kerr Inflatable River Couch for  14 + pickup at Walmart - 
I biked the way to Walmart in the rain for fucking cream soda 
Dead bat remains have been found in a bagged salad at a Florida  Walmart . This just sums up the good and bad about living in America.
LIVE on  Periscope: Toilet paper fort in Walmart with my friend  
 news6wkmg I found a 5 inch grasshopper in Walmart salad mix a year ago. Will never buy salad mix again!
 sweetsusieq60  peterdaou Unlike you I don't get my biases from the part time cashier at the local Walmart.
Really not in the mood for Walmart tho
lowkey wanna new job fr tho... 🙄 but if walmart not gone hire me, ian leaving
chanel vs. walmart 
 JackieYanish  pituvision Nice! but you meant the Walmart exclusive right? I don't think Nina had a Chase ver.
Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after a dead bat was found inside 
1. Don't shop at WalMart 
2. Don't eat salad 
Need to run to Walmart so I can start on my kid Easter basket 🐣
Reason  57 on why to never to go to Walmart unless it's an emergency. 
nice one  Walmart 
 heybluewrites A white guy in Walmart kept staring at me today, but it wasn't sexual, it was just weird and uncomfo… 
 noritab0nita Try one called hard candy its at walmart
chanel vs walmart 
She Said YES After He Proposed With an  8 Walmart Ring—But What She Pulled Off 5 Days Later Went Mega-Viral! 
Walmart completely rearranged their whole store and I'm so confused all I wanna do is buy my popcorn and leave
 GreggDCaruso  mpigliucci Looks like a categorical predictor waiting to happen (employer: univ vs Walmart; b/w). Wh… 
 MiaoReport I'd rather not buy such food at Walmart
 castlehes  Zendaya Literally it's disgusting I hate it. I've seen people buy guns at Walmart.
 Google  Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say - New York 
 PhlegmaticLi I have combo skin, it's by freeman I got it from walmart
You post a baby you can’t take care of you get 300 Likes but I post this NEW GRILL I got from Walmart 😒  FUCKFB.
Dead Bat Found In Bag of Walmart Salad 
 Freddy_III You bet we do! We have plenty of them available on our website. Do you have a favorite pair? -Red
 DarrenConnolly_ SD Live is Chanel and Raw is Walmart.
[Exterior: Walmart parking lot]
Raoul Duke: ”We can’t stop here, this is bat country!”

I swear every kid in this Walmart is screaming or crying
 alanlamb_ Walmart or Joanns!
Walmart recalls Organic Salad for “extraneous animal matter”.  usfoodsafety

 SMUCox Please urge Tom Horton to publicly denounce  Walmart’s support of animal cruelty in Latin America!  WalmartDoubleStandards
Walmart Clearance: Sheets, Kitchen Towels & More – Pioneer Woman, Better Homes & Gardens 
Serving you: Sweeney Todd Realness. 

 
 jadetremblay98 Of course Walmart is lit because Jade is there
 SMUCox Please reconsider your relationship with  Walmart board member Tom Horton-Walmart continues to support animal abuse in Latin America
 LoveMySilk Hoping the Fairmont, MN Walmart will have this size!
 ZaretEspino Cause it's Walmart b
LOL WHY DO I EVEN COME TO WALMART 🙃😤😅😂
Did Walmart sell the bat to the customer, or the salad?  subject


I didn't get nothing done that I was supposed to but go to Walmart and stop to get food. That heat always drain me.
Need to go to Walmart
probably walmart. i like kroger and tom thumb bc they always have really fresh good pre-packed fruit 
"I just could not respond. I was flabbergasted. I was moved to tears, actually." 
Car DVD-7" High Definition LED Dual Headrest with DVD/USB/SD and Video Game Entertainment System Vission AM-HDS7... 
Walmart on Black Friday 
🌞 Buying the  Bichon puppies 🐾 a new box of Dentastix because they're such good puppies. 😉 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
TOOK OUT: skylight,wall dividers,rooms,center gap (below the skylight) and the lights (gonna add them back soon) th… 
Recalled Package: Decomposing Bat Found in Walmart Salad via  po_st
UNT researchers Walmart Foundation grant aims to bring jobs back to U.S.
ooooh we got a gacha machine at walmart 
 shuttupanna False I don't shop at walmart
 _daisygamez None of our flowers are as pretty as you! We hope you found some when you stopped by. -Red
I'm going to unfollow you until you go to Walmart or target to get a copy so Adios babe 😎 
The dead bats found in organic spring mix package in a plastic bottom plastic clear top sold at Walmart South Florida
Ugh they had planned to put a bowling alley in the old Walmart area but found better revenue & im kinda sad ab it 
Meanwhile In Wal-Mart. Attention WalMart Shoppers, get your cell phone cameras ready for the crack s 
Keeping it  organic  Walmart 
Check out Womens  AquaSocks Size M(7-8) Teal Black NWOT Unbranded Walmart  WaterShoes  Summer  Beach  Water  River
 nytimes Honestly the thought of buying/eating a Walmart salad makes me want to puke.
 Mainstays Home 12-Shelf Bookcase, Multiple Finishes  47.92  Walmart

Why costco is crushing walmart-owned sam's club _ the huffington post - 
 barstoolsports And here's your correct story link 
I really want to work at walmart for some reason
I literally hate Walmart so much. Why is there not a Target closer???????!!!!!!!!!
Some people at Walmart concern me...
 Frontporchstep fuck you I hope you shit your pants in Walmart
 beepybun i literally get like walmart brand or biotru if im feelin like treatin myself change the solution every couple of days of u dont
I wonder how much time of my life is spent wasted in the super ultra slow lines of Walmart.
Found over  339.24 in potential profit from Walmart/Patio & Garden to sell on Amazon!  OA
THERE'S A DOG IN THIS WALMART
Catch  Walmart’s Andrew Dale at  Perspectives17 talking about the importance of training good supervisors.… 
SPENT  6 per tablet for  azithromycin MADE IN  INDIA today via  Walmart..EVERYONE out to SCREW the  workingClass😡 
😂😂😂wait. wait. hold up. Why you stealing from Walmart? 
 BaddgirlNUNU  YoGabbaMo  RelFlyy206  chezarae206 Now Walmart jus be boomin everyday that or the target   the landing 😂😂😂
More proof: airline PR is the new  Walmart PR 
A guy in the walmart parking lot just asked me if I wanted to buy his mix tape and I'm over it
White boys in gay porn fall into two looks: lost boys found at a local walmart or dudes who rent sleeping space at a gym. Trash or jock.
In Walmart....

Random kid: "yo are you Huie Productions?"

Me: 
There's a lady at Walmart passed out at the buggy return thing... same yo😩
There's little baskets of tulips at Walmart for only  4 in case anyone was wondering
 4iliana We're glad we could make your dreams come true. We appreciate you shopping with us! -Red
not sure what is more annoying how few windows are open at the DLD or how few checkstands are open at Walmart.
Why every time I go to Walmart I can't spend less than  40🙃
This Walmart associate is giving me the weirdest looks.. in her defense I am buying 200 9mm bullets, 90% rubbing alcohol and Epsom salt
I used to think that working for  Walmart would be the toughest job in PR. But  united &  Delta have opened my eyes. Cheers to your teams 🍻
The most fun to have, on a Summer Day? Drive to a Walmart, across your state line, ask a worker in Toy Dept, Where… 
Drones could soon help you shop in Walmart  Drones 
bruh walmart employees entire life revolves around this god forsaken store, i for real can't be here much longer
 jeyyounit11 I saw my friend at walmart and he looked different, testosterone does wonders for trans boys 👍
Love using super portable  johnsonsbaby hand & face wipes in my beauty routine.  walmart  johnsonsbeautyhack  ad… 
 nytimes Did  Chiquita or  Walmart say at anytime that the assembly line was stopped and sterilized? Recall of prod… 
 nytfood Hmm. Free-tail bats don’t look like salad lettuce, or how did the walmart denizens know it was a bat much… 
saint Petersburg, fl: 

if Walmart was a whole entire city.
I stumbled upon this on the Walmart parking lot 
Well yeah since Walmart dose have my size 
Met a man at Walmart today who was buying women's deodorant & he said that it feels nicer than men's & I'm like go you glad you don't care
 katie_hopewell - maybe you SHOULD let your dad eat all the salads: Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad 
 petebasgen Cheapest is WalMart with one in stock RN - 
Me   Walmart:  12 for a foundation, wtf ?!!
Me   Sephora:  39? Lemme get that and a concealer while I'm at it
 feelsradman  Walmart You should sue
 kwork417 We couldn't be happier to hear that! Thanks for shopping with us today. -Red
I just walked to and from Walmart on my break and it wiped me out
 brooke_sites your romper was so cute that you wore to Walmart the other day but I did not get to tell you. Where did you get 🙃
I saw soooooo many asshats at Walmart and Harps do crap like this. 
Decomposed bat is found inside bag of organic salad from a Florida Walmart

 lifebeyondmars Sounds like them ghetto Walmart parties.
Yuck. 
 DianaRambles  Walmart Thnkx  follow n  love & I'm Honored, wish U success in Ur  health n  wealth & Fame in Ur career Ahead  Touch4Healing
angie s. of Sioux Falls, SD  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Marketside Spring Mix Sold at Walmart Recalled After Dead Bat Found in Package -- 
As expected, two people find a dead bat In WalMart salad

 AProudAmerican5 Hey, they're available in our assortment boxes! You can find them here: 
Every single time I go to Osaka I see at least one person I work with at Walmart there 😂
 cvspharmacy It's ok . I went to  Walmart and got some help.
Throwback to our Walmart portrait and my thing for cats on shirts is still going strong today!   NationalSiblingsDay 
They saying remember like these ain't in the office section at Walmart 
 crazybertielady We have plenty of shoes on our website that are below a size 8! Let us know what type you want. -Red
Inventory all sold out! No problem, lets refill it! Great issue to have. Walmart Buckeye  4GKennyG  codybwelker… 
Never coming to Walmart to get my oil changed again. Been here since 3 and this old ass woman is talking to EVERYONE & not doing her job. 😊
I think I saw your ugly ass at walmart a few nights... — Lmfaooo you probably did tbh  
SICK NASTY!!!! WALMART CUSTOMERS ARE FREAKING AFTER WHAT THEY JUST FOUND... via  YouTube - it is hard to believe Ron
 Tiotisher  DaveWeasel yeah, cuz that works. sure, stop walmart from selling guns to bad people, but if they want a gun, they'll get one.
I am so disappointed in businesses in Moundsville, WV and cannot believe the way they treat customers. No wonder walmart is best.
But, yeah, why wouldn't you wear an ascot to WalMart?!?!?
 meegjacob What about in Walmart?
 stevennowicki  KinjaDeals How much was it, if you don't mind me asking? I flat out refuse to pay more than retail… 
 China this is the equivalent of Walmart raising prices by 50% before announcing a 25% off sale

 Triump_where_is_the_Real_BEEF?
 feelsradman  Walmart Start a riot
Chillin in the bra section at Walmart with Tyler 🙈🤣🤣
[Yahoo News] Salad sold at Walmart recalled after dead bat found inside bag

i found my name on the pancake box at walmart ... 
 ChelieinTX in Walmart salads perhaps
Found my moms  IISuperwomanII  book in Walmart​❤😍 
Here is how Amazon will leave Walmart et al even further in the dust 
Walmart Clearance Checker Tool 
Put a lot of junk in my mommy basket at Walmart , she on the phone . 😇
at 7.10 hr. those people are better off elsewhere. Screw walmart 
 WillBurge He's still looking for his Topp's Snowflake Walmart exclusive card... 
 airavatara walmart is lit , no one is watching you dont worry honey
Check out Star Wars • Rogue One • Black Series • IMPERIAL DEATH TROOPER • 3.75 Walmart  eBay
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Draggle – Blue/Purple Egg is in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals April 10, 2017 5:25 pm 
Walmart South End Barrie....suck it scalpers 
Recall: Bat found in Walmart Organic Spring Mix 
Anyone get a hold on our new Dishwasher Safe  Cutlery at  Walmart? Let us know how you like it!  ginsu 
 JohnWolfeYT  drpepper that looks like a Walmart Neighborhood Market near my house lol...
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Draggle – Blue/Green Egg is in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals April 10, 2017 5:25 pm 
MISSING: CheyeAnn Williams, 20 years old, 5'8" between 180-200 pounds. She was last seen at Walmart in Kent. SPREAD… 
 nytimes Walmart winning the race to the bottom!!!
 costcocanada there is a reason I do not go to Walmart.  My return is denied .. what a disappointment.. no reason to come back to you now...
Walmart stores are linked to higher crime rates in the surrounding areas.
 Oncor &  Walmart lead our discussion on emerging technologies in our technology track 2 at 2:45pm.  EEInka
Ooh, someone's getting free Walmart salad for life!


Facebook tryna be the Walmart of social media...
 aiihmee I bought a flannel from Walmart once and hipster girls thought I was Mac Demarco
someone please tell my boyfriend to stop spending so much money on walmart snacks
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say - The New York Times 
Extra protein + a chance of rabies.. 
 feelsradman  Walmart literally unwatchable
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Margate, FL 
 PAULFIERCE  Walmart Called dibs lol  ImTheBMX
Good morning! Here's something to read over breakfast.


went to  Walmart for some TV dinners and they told me that it doesn't even come with a tv? I'm gonna have to speak with a manager about this
Isn't the real story here that two people in a Florida Walmart were eating salad 
 NBCNews It has to suck to be a withered up white man looking for work at Walmart. His wife dimed his out. No money = no mistress. Justice.
Ozzy Osborne salad now available at Walmart  batsalad  
Just spent 100 bucks at Walmart... adulting... fuck yeah! Lol
 TigerLily956 Whoa, we didn't know Ultron was in our store! We're happy you stopped by for a visit. -Red
lol. the power is out in walmart.
Apparently the mirror i got from walmart is two way glass? 
 PrettyBoajojo nigga my shit was not even close to a fro and i only grew my shit out on top and i started growin my… 
Where J&L BBQ used to be. By Chick Fil A/Walmart 
A New Scam Is Targeting Anyone Who Shops At Walmart 
Why is the Walmart Associate bathroom so weird and dark
Life still sucks as per usual. Dipshit who keeps stealing action figures at Walmart off Grand Parkway if I ever see you I'm kicking ur ass.
A man rang an elderly woman, saying  Walmart had a prize for her & that he had to pick her up to claim it. His number: 876 857 7646.  scam
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Mulberry, FL 
 ABC7  tomleykis Another reason to  boycott  Walmart...
jerry w. of Maryville, TN  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Check out Star Wars • Rogue One • Black Series • SCARIF STORMTROOPER SL • 3.75 Walmart  eBay
Good afternoon to everyone but Travis because he lied to me at Walmart just so we could leave faster 😒☹️
Just went to Walmart for hopefully the last time this semester 😊
Walmart, .556, 150 rds  85 
WALMART ! please, do not Ever, Ever, fire Shane,the "Deli Guy". I will shop you, and laugh my ass off,till my stoma… 
 DaveWeasel how did you get banned from walmart  OutofCuriosity
And here I thought the weirdest story I would read all week was about Barbara Bush having eight toes ... 
 jadetremblay98 Are you at Walmart?
 iBartinMain  Phantomco5088 Is that no a walmart stake pie Asda died
Dead bat found in Walmart salad sparks recall  health 
Im in Walmart kutting up 💀💀💀💀
 ordinaryJane_ Just go back to Walmart sis
The most versatile cleaner: Spray Nine cleans, degreases and disinfects. NOW conveniently available in the  Walmart… 
"will apples go bad if i put it in a walmart bag" ?????
Ahhh, what will these amazon people think of next, Taking over Walmart ? 
Nothing trashier than the Audubon Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video Witnessed A Robbery in Walmart parking lot
Do you think this is a problem at the other Walmart Echolocations?

5/
I feel so bad for those poor turtles in front of Walmart 😒
Fresh Express Recalls Prepackaged Salads from Walmart After Dead Bat Found Inside | NBC 6 South Florida 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Bentonville, AR 
Went to Walmart for socks. Came back with cookie dough, chicken strips, mashed potatoes, Philly cheesesteak, and leggings. Forgot my socks😊
Recall Issued After Two People Find a Rotting Bat in Their Walmart Salad  via  foodandwine🤢
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say

Salads at Walmart? 
just busted my ass in the walmart parking lot :)
That feel when your ex is at Walmart and you don't run into them 
I just called Walmart to see if they sold outdoor fire pits and the lady just asked me what a fire pit was...
walmart is the most disgusting corporation in north america! they literally commit corporate crimes and harm so man… 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart & Aldi Weekly Grocery Haul! Weight Watchers Friendly!
I actually don't have a yeti it's a Walmart knock-off. Reason  52637252 why I am a FRAUD
Y'all better fly that man to fucking Walmart if he need to go there 😑 y'all fucked up ! 
Ay 7aga feha Bella Thorne aked hatb2a Walmart 
Somebody mama is gone get body slammed at Walmart if they keep playin with me . I'm with the shits today
Ay caramba, I ordered the vegan salad, dude. Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say 
Gotta love avoiding my trash relatives in Walmart  notmyfamily
I was wondering why I hardly saw any Walmart employees at the Fall River MA walmart.  Walmart let them go cause MA min wage is  11.00 hr
I saw some of TI AKOO clothing in Walmart, what that mean?
 theinsidestrait  mmfa the chances of me being killed by a syrian refugee has about the same likelihood as some guy… 
It's time to be intentional with my money and what company profits from me. Companies off my list:
Uber
United
Walmart
What else?
 Abomasnow_RBLX :o Walmart Niceee
 JahKiaBagby What happened to Walmart?
 Walmart working on rebranding efforts after the 🦇 in the 🥗  FloridaFirewood 
How do I always manage the most annoying and noisiest carts everytime I go to Walmart.  neverfails
 doctorow  BoingBoing Didn't know you could buy bats (the animal) at Walmart.
 BoingBoing Didn't know you could buy bats (the animal) at Walmart.
YUM Steak and Linguini Pasta with Creamy Tomato Basil Sauce  ad  BarillaPlus  BarillaGlutenFree  walmart  BarillaUS 

hattie m. of Miami, FL  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
dear  Wholefoods you used to be filled with interesting  items what happened? you're turning into  walmart
To the girl I just saw in Walmart 😭😭
2 people ate salad from a container before discovering the remains of the bat inside 
Good news: I got up and went for a walk today.

Bad news: it was to Walmart to grab some Oreos.
 DracsGameCube  bugbowl_ im calling walmart and complaining
 __torijean Walmart is way more fun to people watch in though.
Are You Really Surprised This Is At A Walmart? 
Kevin B. of New Port Richey, FL  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
I meant to spend around  60 at Walmart and spend  86 fuck this food I got the receipt and everything about to go back 😫👌🏾
 LordFroy  HatfieldAnne And WalMart bought ModCloth.   Its all gone tits up everywhere.
WALMART TO FLY DRONES IN STORES; ASSIST SHOPPING.  Oh, really? Target for me. Or anywhere but being in a building with drones.
I'm hungry and also I'm at Walmart.  goodbyemoney
Walmart' bakery  has the best cookies and brownies
Walmart Spring Mix Recalled After Dead Bat Found in Package  -- 
 HogUsmc  StopTrump2020 Probably only sold at WalMart, and only in XL. Oh, no, wait. The toddler can get by with a large.
raining or not, mfs still gone come to walmart 🙄
 nytimes 1) must hide the protein in order for the elderly to consume it at times. 2) Walmart salad purchasers not necessarily connoisseurs.
Walmart run... 🏃🏾‍♀️
Walmart never disappoints us! Another  lineparker that is too good to park correctly  parkingfail  badparking  jerk 
Got my blue shirt and khaki on today, I walk into Walmart and the greeter proceeded to ask if I worked there.  Need to change my wardrobe. 😂
 nytimes Part of Walmart's new Ozzy Osborne range?
 WillBurge i'm primarily concerned about what andrew miller is doing at Walmart
 timhulio  pittenn_emily  StephenClerico  AP Yeah because we can just walk into a Walmart and walk out with an ar 15 no strings attached 🙄
 imN0TurDESTINY Damn im sliding to Walmart now for snacks, what's his fav caprisun flavor?
I need to make a Walmart trip anyway.
Dead bat found in  salad at Florida  Walmart   sparks  recall - 
If you shop at Walmart over target then there must be something seriously wrong with you
Salad recalled after dead bat reportedly found in package Another reason not to shop at  Walmart . Poor 🦇
as if I needed more reasons not to eat salad or go to  Walmart 🤢😷 
 nytimes Stop going to Walmart.
 bon appetit ! BBC News - Decomposing  bat found in  Walmart  salad prompts  rabies tests 
our walmart got more donald tsumtsums again 👀💦 
Seattle's Headset Offers Big Data Analytics To The Cannabis Industry   forbes  CherylShuman
I lost my car keys in Walmart, how's your day going?😄
Gross. Two unfortunate people met a very unfortunate bat inside a container of salad mix 
Saw the sweetest little old man   Walmart buying 3 diff pastel color plates & a giant bunny decoration & I almost cried bc he was so excited
 sallysalutation Oh my gosh this! My Walmart had them on sale for  40 once and I snap bought two extra
 timkhiggins  MichKrebs True enough, but same was said about Amazon (+ others) vs book stores, Walmart, IT, music,… 
When did Walmart open up a strip club ???? 
THE NEW YORK TIMES: 2 people ate salad from a container before discovering the remains of the bat inside 
Somehow this happened along the Civil Rights Tour this weekend...   Walmart Supercenter Atlanta… 
 BreShay_ I got mine from Walmart, or Anna linens one of them but since Anna closed Walmart lmao they say "black out" on them
Shane is the funniest Walmart employee ever... check out the gallery of messages his managers have t 
 YoGabbaMo  Josh_Brown206  RelFlyy206  chezarae206 Somebody said or the Walmart in Renton 😭😭😂
Decomposing dead bats in Walmart salads are the worst 
I need someone to take me to Walmart so I can get that strawberry shortcake cake 😩
 NH  VT  News Update on Walmart Assault and Auto Theft 
 MrsInTX I love Walmart glasses😍 I'm excited to be able to get my eyes checked after Baby! Cuz new glasses🤓🤓
Free Walmart Baby Box! via Passionate Penny Pincher - This post may contain affiliate links. See ... 
 bigIizard Logan Lerman is already Walmart Cute Guy lmao
First the shooting, then I go to Walmart & a fight breaks out.. 😒
 DearAuntCrabby  realDonaldTrump Outsourced to India,  Walmart-  exporting jobs Americans were willing to do
Bat Salad: Walmart issues a recall on a packaged salad after Florida customers found a dead bat inside the box 
2 people ate packaged salad from Walmart before realizing there was a dead bat inside 🤢🤢
MARSHA E. of Toledo, OH  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Kids Fishing Pole Combos from  8! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say  jlnevadasmith
"The was MF Bat in my MF Salad, WALMART! "And, get these MF Snakes out of my Artochokes!" 
Walmart On Going Deals 
Walmart has 100 piece fried chicken on sale for 75 bucks. 

WHO WANTS IN...
How does a bat get into a bag of salad, anyway? 
Fresh Express Recalls Product After a Dead Bat Found in a Packaged Salad at Walmart 
 nytimes By far the most shocking part of this story is that Walmart sells salad. That's like Best Buy selling lingerie ... meh.
I can wear little girls clothes from Walmart 

 jackiesaysstfu 
Printed tees and shorts for your little artist!  girlsfashion 
The Arvest bank by Walmart is SO SLOW
 epopppp I trust you on the NY context but higher ed and healthcare do well in the non Walmart states.
Going in Walmart with no shoes. Who cares 💁🏼
 leftnotright  AZConservative1  Walmart  Disney Sad Sad. But this sounds like the typical  Walmart BS that occurs.… 
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer
 
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say  nothanks  eeeewwww
 sparkd12 I could go to Walmart and buy a fuckin belt
Zantac FREE at Walmart via Printable Coupons | Deal Seeking Mom™ - Grab this high value  5/1 ... 
France’s  1 body wash brand, Le Petit Marseillais is now in the USA and available at  Walmart… 
Found over  2,008.46 in potential profit from Walmart/Home to sell on Amazon!  OA
 colusm As long as the Hannibal Walmart is open, there's some joy to be had
Running errands looking like the people of Walmart today
I hope to never again read an article that needs to use the term "bat material" 
 BBCWorld Walmart tries to do a nice thing and make  OzzyOsbourne a salad and everybody freaks out.
Hollerin at me at the Walmart parking lot is not cute. 😠  walfart
 keaunamarie Yeah it's by my house over there nearby Walmart and Burger King
Gallery: Why is  Walmart  No. 1 in SN's Top 10 this week?  supermarketnews 
"2 people ate salad from a container before discovering the remains of the bat inside 
Recall issued after dead bat found in salad sold at Walmart via  ABC13Houston
Dead Bat Found In Bagged Salad From Walmart 
 wolfieraps I saw him at Walmart yesterday! He was the cashier! He told me he needed friends because he does not ha… 
If You Bought This  Popular SALAD MIX  From Walmart Do  NOT Eat It! via  YouTube
Walked in to get some deodorant, came out with nightmares and mental scars. Thanks Walmart.
Bat salad story recalls days when I had to sift through frozen veggies at Birdseye and scoop out occasional frog. 
 walmarthelp Thanks Walmart for taking up the slack from  IbottaApp not accepting a receipt that you issued.
need a job at walmart or sumn. cause shittttt 😭😭
"The agency was not aware of any other reports of bat material in packaged salads." 
 PyroDan421  I think we go to the same Walmart. Lol. 
Just go the worst avocados from Walmart. Spit one open and it was as hard as a carrot lol smh  TrumpsAmerica
 AndyRichter  RonFunches Walmart bat salad is going viral but nobody is talking about the Warner Bros Bug Salad!
A decomposed animal is pretty organic, though. 
Fresh Express recalls some salad packages after dead bat found: 
Here’s an amazing new measure of just how deeply Walmart is ingrained into the fabric of American life  Walmart  
Packaged salads recalled from WALMART after dead bat was found inside... 
"So im in walmart because uhm i wanna understand poverty" lmfao
 bmarler USA - Dead bat in packaged Fresh Express salad sold at Walmart  --- Product recalled

 Win a  20 Amazon, PayPal, Walmart, Target, or Starbucks Gift Card! Ends in 34 days!  giveaway  free  new 
At Walmart , feeling like I'm about to pass out
When you're at Walmart and spend at least 10 minutes helping a random girl pick out makeup 💁🏼💄
DeAndre O. of Saint Louis, MO  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
So, Wal-Mart has a new Salad... Bat Salad 
 SportyMcPeezy We are sorry for the trouble. Please reach out to us at so we can look into this for you. -Leia
 Walmart  is this the service I should come to expect from Walmart. You should pay off my car for such an act of de… 
 _abbyevans And also Hard Candy has some, I think it's called Velvet Matte or something? It's at Walmart. I have th… 
 DearAuntCrabby  realDonaldTrump Walmart has a "tech division?"
Why would I wear Jordan's when Bill Gates who is way richer than me wears Walmart shoes...
 Walmart Yep.  All good.  Love the truck parking there!
 SereneVirtue  MBkgirl  ABC says the Walmart flunkie
There are people in Walmart who eat salad? Wow. Who'da guessed. 
As if I needed another reminder not to buy my salad at Walmart. 
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer: The battle between Amazon and Walmart for reta..  business  news 
 IHD316Rules All of which are awesome! Glad you were able to find them. -Red
"In-house forensics allows companies to work faster, cheaper, and potentially better than law enforcement." 
That's why I don't shop at WalMart 
Walmart Plans BIG Price Cuts On Grocery Staples To Compete With Aldi, Walmart monopolize prices  do not allow this. 
joan n. of roanoke, VA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
The Super-Disturbing Thing People Found In Their Salad at Walmart

Is a wreck on Greensprings going towards the green Walmart
 getfit ->> Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say 
The greens out the can and that chicken from Walmart. 
Why have they not made an employees of Walmart movie yet?
 douglashandy3  DearAuntCrabby  realDonaldTrump By not shopping at Walmart my head's in the sand? (they're usually… 
 Bonez I heard WalMart had some sales on shoes
Underwhelmed by your TV speakers? The RCA 37" Bluetooth Sound Bar delivers quality audio for an affordable price!… 
 VMFSU  TrickyNix92  wilw Now it's like they won't be happy until you can buy an rpg, a couple of claymores and a Gatling gun at Walmart.
 YblackGOP  united Will simply not every go United. Too damned much   to be treated like that. I live w/o Walmart &… 
 nytimes its walmart what do you expect
Don't ever change, Florida  
Pineapple that is pre cut was like  9 at walmart when a whole pineapple is like  3
Ummm. This is exactly WHY you should try to AVOID Walmart, among other things. 
MOSO Softball team here and ready to greet everyone. Come see us at the Webb City Walmart before 6 tonight! 
 ChrisDanielShow has something changed?  For the first time today, I did not notice the pop up tents at Walmart signing up people for phones
Move over, foster dad!  I might be a senior, but I still know how to drive!  I said PETsmart, NOT WALmart! ~~Roscoe 
OUR WORLD WITH SUN FM.

Emergency responders were summoned to a Florida Walmart to remove a massive rhinoceros... 
 JimmyDiResta and Taylor go to WalMart is my new favorite show.
 D_USA We are very sorry about the wait. Please message us at -Leia
They made their choice when they ate salad from Walmart 
 isitreallysin  tess_tess2  jamewill19491  Elucidated2  Coxyolada  CTO1ChipNagel  wonderfullone  16campaignbites… 
Anyone wanna come pick me up at the Honda dealership and take me to Walmart while I wait for the oil change?
 Walmart has  Batsalad,  united  Dragscustomers and the USA is being sold piece by piece by  POTUS . What the hell, oh we're in hell now
A Walmart shopper said my shirt was offensive... okay so are your 4 chins and fupa but I didn't say anything?? 
Two Walmart Customers Discover Dead Bats In Their Salad via  ComicBook
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Austin, TX 
Enter our contest to get a chance to win a  50 Walmart Gift Card and a FREE Subscription box, which will contain... 
Walmart: Fisher-Price Tough Trikes ONLY  15.00 (reg.  39.97) 
 Walmart does walmart hire people on the sex offender registry?  SOfewchances
This happened in Germany to a completely different walmart because I'm EMBoeingRRASSED EVEN THOUGH THAT'S IRRATIONAL.
Delivering my Kraft load. (  Walmart Distribution Center in North Platte, NE) 
 amazon  Jet Evil empire  Walmart bought  Jet in '16?! Amazon supports far-right extremists & slumlord employer Wal… 
Dead bat found in Organic salad in Walmart sparks recall - - - "But you don't understand... it was ORGANIC!" HA!

I would beg to go to the gym if it meant someone would go to Walmart for me
 Morcego881  HolyBatCast  drpepper  BatRaider3960 Just saw them in our Walmart on Saturday 🇨🇦
 leighannsays check out this find at Walmart. 
Lmaooo this cashier at Walmart is too funny.
 shonenfan4  pituvision 
 JackieYanish 
Aaron 
I went to game stop & picked up Nina Williams & Tekken King
I found Nina's Chase at Walmart!
 PAULFIERCE  Walmart Yo Paul when you gonna do anothe giveaway bro?
 PAULFIERCE  Walmart Oooo can I have them now pretty please
Ask him if we can leave and go to Walmart to pick up some zip lock bags and come back 
Amazon and Walmart are in an all-out price war that is terrifying America’s biggest brands via  Recode
Best part of work is when people think it is the Walmart parking lot and have to turn around or back out😂😂
 ineedanap4real Of course I just saw them at Walmart too! 😂😂
She wants something to drink (at  Walmart Supercenter in Green Bay, WI w/  kagedpoet) 
 CorpseOfficial  TrevorTBDM officially sells Cannibal Corpse merchandise. Neat.time to put… 
it's so much fancier than the  100 clearance mountain bikes at walmart i'm more familiar with
How the f was my total at Walmart that much! Smh! Yikes! Need to get on on a budget asap!
But....I don't have my laptop with me RN so I can't rebuild my profile so I have to do a Walmart rebuild :/
Good. Walmart salad bats should always arrive alive.  consumersrights 🥗🦇 
Decomposed bat found in Walmart organic salad mix 
 Young_Lau_ Wtf? Is that like Walmart generic brand fireball?
"the two people who ate salad from the package that contained the bat were recommended to begin... rabies treatment" 
 BonnieHoellein  Walmart Maybe because you're in Hawaii and you should be tan by now?

Seriously?
 valo_sweet_666 By the way, TRU & Walmart has previous Blastwave (repainted Bludgeon) TF wave. Not sure if u r collecting the line anymore.
The people in Walmart walking around in their pajamas just wanted some snacks 
Enter for a chance to  win a  25 Walmart gift card!  giftcardgiveaways  giveaways 
Deadass just seen a couple fucking in their car at a walmart parking lot lmaoooo
This explains why packaged salad taste like dead bat 
I liked a  YouTube video Redneck rant about Walmart salad recall, you wont believe what was found in the salad
Wherever you focus, it's a kinda depressing map, from where I sit. Mainly Walmart, state university systems, and ho… 
omg no ew no ew no ew ... why you don't buy produce at Walmart ....  batsalad 
Yummy. Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests 
Gross!
Etsy purchase arrived in re-used box, creating unfortunate appearance. I practically apologized to the deliveryman…
someone charged  102.13 on my card at walmart while i was in class this afternoon so that's how my days going
My 4 year old sister is concerned that if we go into Walmart, we will no longer be on this planet
Police want to find two people who stole BMX bikes from kids at a Walmart in  Marana. See the surveillance:

Zantac FREE at Walmart  DealSeekingMom
Didn't wanna be creepy but I was totally behind  a_miller48 in line at Walmart today and fangired a bit  Indians  GoTribe  Windians  Cle
 mikeoliver93  JodiWishMN You can also look online, at have Walmart put them on.
Why they singing in a WALMART EJJSCKCK 
Bars Leak 1-step head gasket repair.  40 at AutoZone  33 at NAPA  27 at Walmart and  20 at Rural King. What the heck?
Getting rabies by eating a rabid animal is "extremely uncommon," yet still probably not a sentence you want to hear. 
 AndroidDev i wanna be able to use  radarscope for android on my 2017  googlechrome os computer as the label at walmart said it could..👎🤔😔
 spangelork  WyoWeeds Frontier is the Walmart of the sky
 Freeyourmindkid  EASTBoeingYDFRESH  Walmart Im not above that. And by that I mean I have done it before.
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class (Walmart, AM BREAKING NEWS  Trump  RETWEET  MAGA
I meant to buy a chocolate bar when checking out at Walmart and I forgot so I went to rite aid to get a chocolate bar and guess what
Very thankful for my  8 Walmart umbrella.
 karlcramer Great suggestion! Share it with us at or with local management. -Leia
 PAULFIERCE  Walmart Send as in mail to u or send picture ?
 PAULFIERCE  Walmart I live in Canada:(
 PAULFIERCE  Walmart Only new followers ?
 AngeMaya at movie  AletaVampireMistress, on-set still. Aleta: Vampire Mistress


 stavvers  dyrbert Is there some non-kinky-sex interpretation of that I'm missing. Because, Walmart, didn't know you had it in you.
What my money goes to..nail supplies, Target, Walmart, HomeGoods, and tacos!
For the new US followers. Thanks. If you find these exact sunglasses  walmart get/send to me I'll give you Union of… 
Kaws dropped at Walmart 
Dead bat discovered in salad mixes prompts recalls from Walmart 
 MomsFightBack It's a Win-Win for all! Family time and a sparkling shiny car! Can add a picnic afterwards to wrap up the family fun! -Katz
Selling on Amazon, eBay, and Walmart: Going Beyond Listing by  ecommercebytes  SolidCommerce 
 TODAYshow Definitely wouldn't buy fresh food from Walmart
Mastercard rep: are these charges fraudulent?  600 at Walmart?
Me: yes
 18 at Betty's Burgers?
Me: ..No 😒
 22 at Burrito Bar?
Me:...maybe..
linda S. of Imperial, MO  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
I'm trynna sleep n these hoes want go to any Walmart.
 DcComicsUnited Wally is the best Flash. Not black wally tho. That Walmart Wally.
I'm sweet as Walmart icing but DONT FUCK WITH ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I saw two different Wonder Woman action figures in the toy section of Walmart today 
show boobs at walmart 
Chanel Vs. Walmart. 
Alabama has a governor?! I just assumed the employees of the Woodstock WalMart were the decision makers and represe… 
 skinnybaras walmart
Thank you! Thank you so much  Walmart  Starbucks  pepsi really did me a favor. I love making a quarter of what I no… 
Decomposing bat reportedly found in salad purchased from Walmart store in Florida. 
 trinareyes  ElisaMichaels Walmart here in Dallas on Marsh lane nothing but illegals working there non speak Englis… 
Flashbang: Sci-Fi Stories That Will Blow Your Mind! - I'm on  Walmart website 
 EmilyEZak  MontanaMan618  EvrydayFeminism Fat tire bike from Walmart plus aftermarket comfort wide seat. It will c… 
Niggas from Spartanburg will buy a dream off the clearance rack in Walmart
Turkey & Avocado BLT recipe from  Walmart

Get  MealInspirations at  ad 
Is wear I hate walmart so much.. the idea of having to go upsets me
walmart is my happy place 😭
 swaegerjaquezz Walmart sells really good carbonated water (no crappy after taste) for like .60  a bottle!
 Juliacointa We are happy to help. Please reach out to us at with your order details so we can best assist. -Leia
i shouldve specifically told my gf what to get at walmart bc of course she got what she wanted😂😂
[ 98.00 save 30%] RCA 10" Tablet  98   Walmart 
 BonnieHoellein  Walmart Well that's a new one
There Was A DEAD Bat Found Inside A Spring Mix Salad At Walmart 
12 Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
 
 _AMAZINGAIMEE I saw this bby at Walmart & yea lol
Walmart Survival / Emergency Food Ration Bars...   
Dead bat found inside package of salad in Florida, officials say 
What could go wrong? Walmart plans fly drones in it stores to assist you in your shopping

OMG I did the same in Best Buy and Walmart 😂😂😂
And in all the computers I reproduced TMG at the same time 🙄😂 
Really just lost my corworkers homegirl inside Walmart lmfao. Too high rn. 🤣😂
*Stares off into distance*
Why does the Easter Bunny at Walmart wear tennis shoes?
 DGooad did you expect more going to walmart for a haircut?
. CupcakKe_rapper  PLEASE FOLLOW ME. Queen of barcodes, Walmart is shaking!  cupcakkenewalbum
This is why I don't eat salad. Or from Walmart.  gross 
I ordered a birthday cake from Walmart yesterday. Is it someones birthday? No. Do I care? Not one bit.
*keeps a spiral notebook from walmart with "death note" written on it* 
 andyfinnell thanks

And bummer about Walmart... I think you probably REACTed appropriately. So I've heard.
Overheard in Walmart... girl to guy: "Dude, smell my armpit."
my phones dying soon and im at walmart so bye
 OhSo_Urbane lmao that's Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️😂
lol i hate getting salmon at Walmart
 Blockchain: A Better Way to Track Pork Chops, Bonds, Bad Peanut Butter?  IBM  Walmart
allison w. of Fuquay Varina, NC  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
No, I don't think he was cut out for this kind of work either....

The new Star Wars startting Fermin Carrillo😜 — feeling silly at Walmart Supercenter South Gate 
She says soup cans that were improperly stacked injured her son. 
This is taking toooooooo long! 

My brother's taking too long in Walmart.
 albinkowski Lol ur at Walmart again
 kirstin_blair  BonnieHoellein  Walmart I have naturally pretty rosy cheeks and someone ALWAYS assumes I'm sick, up… 
Wow. I don't give a fuck about life today.
I'm going in walmart with a flat ass braid out, a sweat suit, sunglasses and some house shoes.
Walmart came to my door demanding my Moana DVD back cuz an employee wanted it.  St Louis police beat the shit outta me for refusing
Fuck her !! Why the fuck Walmart batteries  339?? 
Dead bat found in Walmart salad sparks recall
Deadass came in Walmart to get a strawberry lemonade & a cucumber 🤷🏽‍♀️😂
I get off at 5:30 and I'm just now going to lunch 😂 I'm runnit on Walmart ass today 😝
Walmart should change its name to Cavemart. 
officially sells Cannibal Corpse merchandise...umm...neat
i hope walmart doesn't mess up my hair
Is  Walmart replacing staff with  H1B visa holders from India like  Disney? 
Women be having everything in their purse!!! EVERYTHING! Caught the cashier from Walmart sliding out that muhfucka one day
 Walmart  Marketside Some packaged salads recalled after dead bat found inside, CDC says 
Walmart is a jungle rn wtf
I feel like we saw celebrities at Walmart.
Cosco Scenera NEXT Convertible Car Seat, Choose your Pattern - 
Walmart really makes me wanna kill myself
 Ryrhoomes 😂😂😂 na not even lmao Versace or Walmart someone still getting their ass whooped
 chantelnicolexx  kirstin_blair  BonnieHoellein  Walmart Same
 AnnaSophiaV I low key just went to Walmart, bought shorts and flip flops, and changed in the bathroom
I really only spent  30 in Walmart 😩
"We got a bat in our Salad! Now Walmart bought us a mansion!! " Go Jed,Go Jed,Go Jed"!  batsalad 
Walmart is AWFUL I will gladly pay the extra 20 cents on items and do my shopping at target
Decomposed bat found inside bag of salad from a Florida  Walmart  Walmart  Walmart 
Hemet walmart full of crackheads
 romanmars As long as Squarespace doesn't start to sell gift cards at Walmart, you'll be fine :)
 ArielGonzalez_1  riotwomennn  maurbyrnemusic  TomPerez If true, notice how you need to go back over 40 years for a… 
Sitting at walmart debating on actually buying stuff i need or just leaving.
 trentjacobs I'm usually heavy on protein so I use it to balance out my macros with Fat. And it's good and cheap to… 
Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida Walmart - Irish Times 
 Silent0siris  punjistickgg  AustenMarieTV  lil_lexi667  capitalvices  TheHammyy  TheMavShow  xangold  united I wal… 
I asked 5 times "do y'all anything from Walmart?" They tell me no..then ask me as soon as I walk through the door. "can you go to the store"
 RiceCube70 Thanks for the update! If you don't find  AlexaBliss_WWE at your local WM, you may order online at -Katz
I am so happy I got stuff for dinner at Target instead of Walmart
in walmart having a panic attack bc someone let my cat out and she's apparently been missing since yesterday. don't think i can handle this
 Walmart Deals: Get PAID To Buy DulcoEase and Dulcolax (Save  9.96!)  checkout51  freebies
MMMAAANNN!!! Its ass hips nd titties n nd outta walmart on bullard 
Walmart Deals: Get PAID To Buy DulcoEase and Dulcolax (Save  9.96!) 
If I have a meltdown in this Walmart just know that it was warranted.
“WalMart laying off about 10 percent of its ISD workforce in Bentonville” What the FUCK  realDonaldTrump  TrumpFail
Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests. - There you go  Walmart lovers!!
 stexph BIIIIIIHHH I MISS TALKIN TO YOU ABOUT STUFF LIKE THIS.. ahah especially in the weirdest places (stranded at… 
 Walmart how many RTs for you guys to help me fill a miniature pool with cereal and milk?
Walmart is my safe place
 Call_Me_Beardo  EASTBoeingYDFRESH  Walmart them to all of the black folks on the persons facebook.
I go to Walmart when I look like crap and don't want to be judged for it
Why is Florida so bad?


 Call_Me_Beardo  EASTBoeingYDFRESH  Walmart lol I just went through his friends list on FB and he has black friends on… 
hfhg why would you go out of your way to get rts to buy tyler's exact hat you could just find a black cap off the floor of a walmart
 walmarthelp  WalmartCOM  Walmart  WalmartCOM Your fail me ☹
im a broke boy who can barely afford walmart sneakers my paypal is thank you 
Doing Pranks In Walmart: via  YouTube
I need someone to go on these walmart runs with me b
Now Selling:  Walmart, Olive Garden, TGI Friday’s Discount Gift Cards! 
It's a pharmacy in a Walmart, shouldn't have expected it to be fast or efficient   wallyWorld
I just wonder if listine fights herpes, or soars in the mouth!! OTC market, over the counter productss!!!walmart is just uping the price
FYI, if you need to buy khakis at 7:15 am because your pant sean rips in the parking lot, Walmart has them for  12.
If I pay  500 to fly somewhere, you better believe you'll be dragging me off the plane like a toddler in Walmart if you overbook  lawd
I just checked in at Walmart Express with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Off to Walmart to do my family's monthly shopping and all my baby brother keeps repeating is "Wonder Woman". Aww he wants some WW toys!! 🤗❤👶
ok jokes over with, y'all can chill with yelling my name out  school and  walmart. it's getting old now 🙄😌
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer  DSNBusiness  nysewmt  nasdaqamzn
Walmart is nottt where I wanna be
Ummm... How?

Recall issued after dead bat found in bagged salad via  MetroNewsCanada
Woman Takes Juvenile Into Vero Beach Walmart To Shoplift -  walmart  verobeachfl  shoplift  verobeach  florida
 JP8675 Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
 TopTrendWatch3 Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
 cshell202 Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
Aw shit I still needa Go to Walmart 🤦🏻‍♀️
 cmills71  milesjreed  DisTrumpia For clarity, a department manager isn't an associate like a cashier or daytime st… 
'Bat material' in salads sold at Walmart leads to recall 
 StacieinAtlanta  SlimJim  Walmart Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
This really shows why we need to push Walmart to be a better employer; so many lives are affected by their practice… 
 ifly2ifly Thanks for grocery shopping with us, Don! Were you able to find everything you were looking for? -Katz
 luciaalfaro69 Hi! Try this: Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
 rackstarminks Loool in Walmart you don't have a map and compass 
 MercuryX Silliest load of Left Wing B.S. In Keystone State History. Attack WalMart first thing gives it away. Must… 
channel vs walmart 
All these moms in Walmart buying Easter stuff today
 walmarthelp sent a tweet asking who to contact re Walmart westbury bad cust service issue  a day ago didn't get a response. Can You direct?
 BooksbyTSmith Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
People who think 16-17 an hour is good pay are the ones with the required skills to be happy at Walmart 
*girl in front of me at Walmart*
"Im not an actual whore, just an attention whore. Like I dont put out, Im just a tease."

...oh that's good
the number of things in walmart with cheeseburger print is both alarming and delightful
 denasunshine10 Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
new name was given to me by the walmart auto center attendant after telling him the story of how i popped my tire
 heavensent2272 Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
 jgreenhood Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
 DianeNassy Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
alright i'm at walmart i'm gonna see if they have any chicken patties
I won't complain about going to Walmart in the rain to buy candy bars because I had 23 students make a 100 on unit 9!!  ProudTeacher 😁
Just saw my biological dad and his wife in walmart, he hid behind a pole instead of acknowledging me lol so so thankful for my stepdad 🙃💕
 LovellyLala90  BHGLiveBetter  Walmart Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
Enjoying Walmart's Batwing Salad and Chunky Roach Salsa. God, this meal could only be better, if we had a bag of Fr… 
 Walmart Thank you, Actually I'm looking for the  AlexaBliss_WWE Figure but hey Carmella is good find! Depends on what case each store gets
Well I love Walmart 
Being publicly intoxicated in the early afternoon in a Walmart parking lot with a new 6 pack is another thing. 😶
Go to Walmart - you will see a lot of "boob-money" 😁
(Also: boob-phones, boob-cigarettes, boob-checkbooks...) 
 LYDIANOTMARTlN  STARGiRLEVA  RHIANNON2BORED  STASiA2PETTY / also we had a teacher fired for an affair with an 8th… 
What happened today with  ua3411 is like having Walmart employees dragging customers  from their line to get in fro… 
 _daily_mashup_ Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
Love to save? I cash in from walmart rebates from ebates ebates promo code 
Ugh. Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida 
 RussBadamo  TeamDavidov  SprintMKI Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
 jasen_lesieur80  reynaavee "it's cheaper at Walmart" 😂😂
A little  Throwback: Be A Champion For Kids And Make A Donation At Your Local Walmart 
 renewablecities  tedwheeler  PortlandBPS  sustainablepdx  theUSDN  CDP  c40cities  Mayors4Climate  ClimateMayors… 
Wal-Mart charges ahead in online retail market dominated by Amazon (hey, a bllion bucks is a billion bucks...) - 
 rackstarminks I legit get lost in Walmart, how is this going to work? 😭😭
General Motors and Walmart for starting the big election defeat and the people to beat—she had one!
 SusanneLeist Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
This is KJ in Walmart everytime we pass someone 😂🤦🏽‍♀️ 
 EggUsername33 Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
I wish the Walmart in Bedford was still open...
I'm never not at Walmart
Two bikes stolen from kids at Walmart. 
You: Soccer pants, Batman shirt (Walmart), invicta, K-Swiss

Me: Full suit, Omega speedmaster, night vision goggles, Rex on a leash
 ghitt01 We agree! We have many associates & execs enjoying their commutes by  cycling!   LifeIsGood for us and the environment! -Katz
 BestBuySupport Yea sounds easy for an older person.   I'll just take them to walmart.  That'll actually be hassle free.
 kelcie2017 Walmart has them!🙂
 harshitjain149  luckystarsapp Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
walmart logic: lets surprise meghan with lots of evaluations so she can fuck everything up before her shift ends 🙃🙃🙃
❤ Dollar Tree & Walmart Haul ❤: via  YouTube
Decomposed bat is found inside bag of organic salad from a Florida Walmart 
im convinced yall pick off the icing and eat the cream out of walmart shoe boxes
 capital_hp Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
 Bella623 Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
Just waiting for a Walmart person to help with my shopping. (at  SUBWAY in Marion, OH) 
I helped this guy   walmart by translating to the cashier n then he asked 4 my number but I had to break his heart n tell him my age
Walmart's fabric section never fails to irritate me 🙄
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say - New York Times 
Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida  Walmart
via  IrishTimes

 Joe_Dangerously I just go to Walmart.
I saw a girl that I graduated with at Walmart today. I smiled at her and she gave me the nastiest look possible. I don't miss high school.✌🏼
Jesus Christ never come to englewood Walmart at 4:30
"Walmart Uber Alles" Vivid Maps: The Biggest Employer in Each US State 
 _imaniyeah Well we can go to Walmart first got to get diapers 😊
 Mental_Dental2  12handicap I think Walmart is the easiest place to find them. I think I saw them somewhere else to… 
anyone heard of WALMART dandandu
Car Clean 3 Easy Steps!Check Out These  Armor_All wipes only available at  walmart  LessTimeMore Shine  ad  Pmendia
Retweeted FOX Business ( FoxBusiness):

Walmart's Fresh Express salad recalled after dead bat discovery... 
Salad sold at Walmart recalled after dead bat found inside container 
chanel v walmart 
 AbeHueller46  TheRealdallas9  DAB_DADDY_GOON  paullstegall  mbounds_11  idiotdointhings Lmao right? Go to any Walmart you'll find it
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer  ecommerce  socialmediamarketing  success  sales  smallbusiness
Recall alert: Dead bat found in salad mix sold at Walmart 
The magazine ain't even out yet 😩 I called Barnes N nobles, Target, Walmart & local book stores.
Many years ago, somehow a man PURPOSEFULLY put a rodent in a Coke can.  FreshBatBatch 
i hear the word stoner and think of someone wearing dirty ass sneakers and a walmart rastafarian shirt while carrying a bag of reggie around
Dead Bat Discovered in Salad Mixes Prompts Recalls From Walmart via  PeopleFood
 shopkick Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
There's a four year old crying behind me in Walmart and the mom just said "well at least you don't have to pay taxes"

Hahahhaa what
 Dead Bat  Discovered in Salad Mixes Prompts  Recalls From  Walmart  important  feedly
 FreeMyApps Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
Socks come from Walmart dey hanes ya hear me ?
How in the HELL do you find a dead bat in your salad 🤔 Anyway check out for something cool! 
Walmart's Fresh Express salad recalled after dead bat discovery 
— FOX Business (FoxBusin…
I liked a  YouTube video TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (MILK GALLON SMASHING) // DOING YOUR DARES
 xtaaylor_ Walmart pc!!
Try Walmart's  SavingsCatcher! It checks other stores' ads & gives me the difference if it finds a lower price! 
Stop by your Walmart 4/15 or 16 to sample RITZ! + get a  coupon & spin 2 win a giftcard or RITZ!  ad… 
 m_a_humphries Besides Walmart, all the donut shops close at 12. Sorry! 😕
 rewards_help I need assistance. I've been waiting for almost a week for my Walmart egift card and submitted a request in help, but nothing.
Why are there so many people at Walmart on a Monday...
 FreeStuffROCKS Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
Ass Shots Off Chubby Women In The Walmart 
 XRIM  MONEY FoxBusiness

Walmart's Fresh Express salad recalled after dead bat discovery 
 justfreestuff Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
WE TOOK OVER WALMART HAHA
Yummy!  &  the rabies treatment is an added bonus😒

 FreeStuffTV Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
 WorldVisionAus  FreeStuffTV  ezereve_ Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
 BBCWorld If you can't find it at Walmart,you probably don't need it.. they got everything
All these fine ass men in Walmart while I'm looking cute af and my booty looking huge
 badgyalrey Walmart is always hiring.
Except Walmart 🙅🏽😭 
Oh, boy. 

A few posts ago, I cautioned readers about buying organic produce at Walmart, simply because I was not... 
 10   walmart 
Walmart tryna make that come up 😵 
Walmart deli boneless wings >>> bdubs boneless wings
My grandma is really taking her time in Walmart like I don't have a life
 fstimes Win 100  Walmart Gift Card 
So I got the job at Walmart, now Bed Bath and Beyond send me an email.
 Inthewoods2014 😫😂 only at Walmart
Win 100  Walmart Gift Card  win  freestuff
 Call_Me_Beardo  EASTBoeingYDFRESH  Walmart welp he does live in Tyler, Texas at least. 
If you work at Walmart and it's in your Tinder bio I'm going to 1000% super like you.. like yas daddy get me that discount💸💰
Walmart Hesperia has a Star Wars carnival type display where you put head in and be the X-Wing pilot. 
They were robbing the walmart as i walked in...one of them almost ran into me...they left the fat one behind lol
Walmart Hesperia has a Star Wars carnival type display where you put head in and be the X-Wing… 
Love these.  oreo  cookiesandcreamoreo  walmart 
Walmart's Fresh Express salad recalled after dead bat discovery  
In a walmart bathroom and some guy crawls under the stall next to mine to unlock it. 

We waved at each other. 
Thanks Georgia
The "long live Walmart side" made the "You will always have your poor" argument which is taken from the words of Jesus, incidentally
You guys Walmart is way ahead of you 

 Lord_Sebass Walmart, Target anywhere lol
Ended up listening to an intelligence squared debate on Walmart
 mashable Amazon's latest prime films look like those dollar ones you find at the bottom of a wire basket in Walmart that nobody buys.
 PrimitiveDon At walmart its usually beach balls in that cage 😂 and i know damn well ain no beach ball  339.72 😭😂😭
 BoingBoing  xeni Walmart sold a dead bat to a Florida customer?  Is this a thing?
It's the weekly grocery thing. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Marion, OH) 
I'm about to go broke in Walmart on this hair products 🤦🏾‍♀️🤔 I must start experimenting
 laurapaynus RUPAUL HAS SEEN VIDEOS OF THE GIRL WHO CALLED US PRETTY AT THE WALMART 
 kaareniss Walmart hiring
I applied to Walmart 5 times, could have been 10,001 
 UNCDiehards Yes it is. Look in Targets, Walmart, Books a Million, Barnes and Noble to name a few places.
Dead bat found in container of Fresh Express salad purchased from Florida Walmart  
 RiceCube70 Awesome find! Are you collecting all of the action figures? Is  CarmellaWWE your favorite? -Katz
Decomposing  bat found in  Walmart  salad. So was it a fruit bat or a fruit salad? 
Can You Buy Phytoceramides At Walmart? - 
Live: Walmart Soundcheck by Jonas Brothers - Good - 
Live: Walmart Soundcheck by Jonas Brothers - Good Living Strong TV  
Arkansas doesn't have alcohol in Walmart but they have drive-thru liquor stores 🤔
"Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" by CHRISTOPHER MELE via NYT 
 calebprevatte  baimarashcoo Walmart!
I got this shirt for 3 dollars at Walmart 
Doings Pranks In Walmart: via  YouTube
At least it's organic!  Bat found in salad at Florida Walmart sparks recall, investigation 
Honestly I think the people of Walmart really have a staring problem. 😅🤗
lit in a walmart. thats what i like to see. happiness and talent with no limits 👌🏽 
What are your  GameDayTraditions like? Ours have grown a bit:  SheSpeaksUp  ProcterGamble  Walmart  client
 lisawestt that could be... I'm get asked when I stop before or after working the stadium. Never where khakis to Walmart.
 KristinLasVegas Oh no! We want to figure out what happened and help. Visit so we can assist you. -Zoe
 codywalkerroww  DiscoveryID  10pm My heart aches for that poor baby. I met the family in our local Walmart & her p… 
Possible partners 4 WEED.to Walmart, Shoppers?  pennystock  trading  GQWomanOfTheDay  news  Trudeau  canada
"Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" via NYT  Realestate  B…… 
"Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say"  business
For Easter brunch, try this egg bake featuring Duff's Maple Brown Sugar Cornbread plus peppers onion and sausage. Y… 
Gotta go back to Walmart 🙄
Win  10 WalMart Gift Card
Spring in our Step Blog Hop Giveaway
 giveaway,  giveaways,  frogreviewsandramblings

 Call_Me_Beardo  EASTBoeingYDFRESH  Walmart 😂😂😂shook!
Walmart security wanted to see my receipt via  YouTube
YET ANOTHER SCHOOL SHOOTING IN AMERICA, YET ANOTHER DAY WERE GUNS ARE STILL BUYABLE AT WALMART. AMERICA!!!!!!
"Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say"  business 
And yet another reason to hate  Walmart if you don't sell it in your store, I don't want see it on your website!
Love how the Walmart out here got a fabric section
"Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" by CHRISTOPHER MELE via NYT… 
Guess I'll go to Walmart and let my baby get another scooter
don't eat the popcorn chicken under the walmart heat lamp
Closer shave? 

Try  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor &  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad… 
PLEASE HELP IDENTIFY - These two suspects stole 2 BMX bikes from kids at the Walmart on Cortaro on 4/9/17. Call Mar… 
 Freeyourmindkid  EASTBoeingYDFRESH   Walmart whatever it was scared him. I can't find any tweets to either of you from him. He deleted them.
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer  tech ☄ ⛱  v  ℑnnovate 
"Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" por CHRISTOPHER MELE via NYT… 
Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad 
 News on  NYTimes "Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" by CHRISTOPHER MELE… 
Found over  577.62 in potential profit from Walmart/Household Essentials to sell on Amazon!  OA
"Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" 
 nytimes "Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" by CHRISTOPHER MELE via  NYT… 
Check this out "Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" by CHRISTOPHER MELE via NYT… 
 MarioTrash They r the same people who will run your ass over in walmart parking lot
 HaywardKy Walmart
B. Scott
 Say What Now? CDC Investigating After Dead Bat Found in a Bagged Salad Sold at a Florida Walmart 
Walmart is no one-size-fits-all approach is indiscreet?
"HIV Virus" Found In Walmart Bananas After 10 Year Old Boy Agreements The Infection 
 sarahkaweems  sincerelywright I use Wella from Sally's. I'd suggest anything from Sally's over anything from like a Walmart, etc.
Get dinner on the table fast with this simple Skillet Pork Marsala!  AllNaturalPork [ad] 
Dead Bat Found In Bag of Walmart Salad - Men's Health 
Today at Desloge Walmart: someone found a bag of weed in the parking lot, someone ran over a stop sign, and someone drove into the building
"Who goes to Walmart in the middle of the night to pick flowers?!" -Girl at Walmart in the… 
 GoomerOfdog Cheryl tweets like an old white woman who's never been further than her local Walmart
Paramore probably already has announced the album in a cryptic way and it's probably on sale at walmart.
Dead bat found in package of salad, officials say 
 EducatedNig if it's jus a dent go to walmart n get a dent popper then return it for yo cash back
"Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" by CHRISTOPHER MELE via NYT  Business  news  nyt
"Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say" by CHRISTOPHER MELE via NYT  BSAFunds
I swear to god the steam forums are a whole walmart w/ a grenade launcher.
You have companies like Verizon, Walmart and many others that have a headquarters. Then they… 
Walmart Senior Manager, Global Consolidations. CPA, Financial Reporting. B-ville, AR jenny.illum walmart.com
*Walks into walmart* 

Sees how long lines are

*walks out of walmart*
As Expected, Two People Find A Dead Bat In WalMart Salad 
Thanks  for the gifts so far for the Ga. Baptist Children's Home! Collecting WalMart gift cards/non-perishable food items 4/26 deadline
Walmart Senior Manager, Corporate Accounting. CPA, Tech Acctg, Reporting. B-ville, AR jenny.illum walmart.com
1,2,3 so fresh and so clean! These armorallusa products are a MUST and available only at walmart… 
 missbridgette We're delighted you stopped by to see us! We hope you find everything you're shopping for! -Katz
Just posted a video   Walmart Aiken - Whiskey Rd 
BUT I DON'T LIKE WALMART 
(j-2) to Walmart to exchange a couple of things, and sat in Subway thinking about you, and wondering how you are doing today?
I fucking hateeeeeeeeee Walmart
Disgusting Wal-Mart with Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests - BBC News 
(j-1) 4:15PM Monday.  Hi Richard!  I wonder how your work day is going?  I just got back from Walmart.  First I went to see my doctor.  Then
 joey_mleczko If not, Walmart?
Love getting BlueBunny®at Walmart!    yea! Ice cream!!!!!!!
Whomever runs the  redbox in Locust Grove, VA Walmart is my hero. Whatever you did let me rent  RogueOneMovie 3 DAYS EARLY!
Hoping  POTUS  realDonaldTrump stick with the border adjustment tax instead of caving to Walmart and Wall Street.
My professor is complaining about how rude Walmart employees are ... 💁🏽
Walmart to fly drones in its stores to "assist you" sure.: via  YouTube
Salad found around dead bat bought from Walmart / Boing Boing 
 Nintendo  Switch in stock at Walmart Uptown available after 1:30. First come. First served.  YYJ
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer - Forbes  AmazonNews
Walmart: Fisher-Price Tough Trike Only  15 (Reg.  39.97)! via Family Friendly Frugality - Head ... 
These are professional prints, not Walmart quality. Just thinking about the thick paper makes me horny. I need prints now, too... hm.
mel: "buuut, i can eat sushi and ramen and teriyaki in japan"
me: "you can get that from walmart"
When is Walmart gonna start carrying halo top?
 ChillCandace Damn, that really is growing up country when a trip to Walmart is a luxury. LOL
 Freeyourmindkid  EASTBoeingYDFRESH  PhilipBeamSr  Walmart Hey look what troll popped up from under the bridge!!
Save on New Playtex Sport Compact Products + Walmart Deal via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
Step2 Picnic Table with Umbrella only  59 (Reg  90) via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, ... 
 XXL He looks like he'd try to finesse Walmart for an Xbox live card
Meanwhile back   the Taylor Walmart... 
I apologized to some dude in walmart and he said "you better be" 
Fuck cibolas Walmart wifi having ass
The quiet battle between Amazon and Walmart illuminates the main lessons for other online retailers:… 
You guys may have heard this: Packaged salads recalled from Walmart

Share article with: 
CHANEL vs. WALMART 
Zantac Acid Reducer 150mg 24-ct.  0 at Walmart! via Oklahoma's Coupon Queen - ... 
I guess I gotta make the walk to walmart later... 
I hate this soul-sucking pit (at  Walmart Supercenter in Randallstown, MD) 
Found over  602.22 in potential profit from Walmart/Home Improvement to sell on Amazon!  OA
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say - New York Times  health
I remember when I was young, in Walmart there was a puddle with no wet floor sign. My ma said "don't fall" I "tripped". We sued. We won.
Top New Printable Coupons to Get Now! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
Walmart Shopkins Shirt Clearance Deals (Starts at  4) via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
Charmin Stock-Up Deal – SUPER Cheap! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money ... 
New Purina Beneful Grain Free Dog Food Under  5 per Bag via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
Amazon: Hasbro Toys/Games on Gold Box! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money ... 
Portable Charcoal Grill ONLY  18.98! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
 Woo_Debunker  aigkenham Ken's AIG graduates will be effective in battling evolution when they're not working their… 
 Rozoken I wanna go to Walmart ;n; Duelist Saga packs are life ;-;
To-do:

1. Pick up electronics contact cleaner from Walmart
2. Install Blinking Light Win!
3. Ship N64, NES, and GameCube off
4. Dinner
Bat's Gross! Dead bat found in container of Fresh Express salad purchased from Florida Walmart… 
 WorldNews: Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida Walmart via  IrishTimesWorld
Forgive me Father for I have sinned; it has been some time since my last confession but I'm afraid today I was forced to commit Walmart
 Marvel Legends  CaptainAmerica 75th Anniversary Metal Shield Avail  Walmart  Canada -->
HAVE YOU SEEN THEM? Marana Police are searching for two suspects who stole bikes from kids at Walmart.… 
 ThatWittyWife Who hates Walmart that's blasphemy. WM and dollar tree are my go to
Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida Walmart 
 P&GAlexandria Our school cafeteria, Hattie B's. You can find it at Walmart though. (I've tried several kinds and st… 
 eemdizzle They have some at Walmart for like  10
 Dashing_Skull NICE! Just got that Vader too! Under  6 at Walmart! What a steal right?!
 ncostello65 hell, there's not even a Walmart within 30 miles of where I grew up
OH and also when Jeremy liked The Tweet™ we were in the car on the way home from Walmart and we laughed so loud my mom was confused
I liked a  YouTube video BEST 24 HOUR TOILET PAPER FORT CHALLENGE w/ Mc Donalds!? | WALMART 24 Hour Toilet
 GreggDCaruso  mpigliucci Walmart, Walmart, Walmart, Walmart, Walmart, Walmart, Walmart, Walmart, Walmart, Walmart,… 
 SavannerBugs  pepedgaf 😂😂 Yeah going barefoot in your own home is waaaaay different than a public bathroom, gas st… 
 jordan_faithh  its_aislinn  ChanningBurney well the creepy guy from walmart was wrong...
 jru29  CDTide I hope you guys make it!  Get 2 Walmart asap and prey!
Chanel Vs. Walmart 
 ffsaero  ffslucky  ffsplexity I did have to buy these non slip shoes from Walmart tho LOL for work
When you're broke get a rotisserie chicken from Walmart it'll last you a couple days😂
 EDDIIISLANDS  TheHoustonAstro  Walmart Ya’ll Snitching!
locked eyes with a guy leaving Walmart as I was entering, him wearing a NGNL shirt and me my jojo shirt. i feel u, random dude
FREE Bic Razors; Walmart 
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer  ecommerce  digital 
 ffslucky  PRIMlTVE  ffsplexity I have shoes from Walmart
 KansasPrince We do our best to reply to all applicants; each one is important to us. Thanks for applying! -Katz
Woman files civil suit against Walmart in Teterboro Landing via  northjersey
Saw this, dropped a tweet to walmart as it tripped my fake news alarm..

 Harrisburg: Woman wanted for theft at Walmart - LANCASTER, Pa. (WHTM) – East Lampeter police are looking to ar... 
You so-called "foodies" are getting too picky!

Walmart Recalls Salad Mixes After Dead Bat Discovered Inside 
Aaron from Walmart! 👌😏😌😀   Walmart Elk Grove - Elk Grove Blvd 
[New York Daily] Dead bat found in container of Fresh Express salad from Walmart 
Artikel gevonden: Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say 
Gross find in Walmart produce 
 quemeanswhat  Walmart Ay que bueno!  It sounds like we've been able to help! Muchisimas gracias! Somos  MejorContigo
"It's not spring until the first fight in the Walmart parking lot"
*Hot* FREE Razors at Walmart ( with  3/1 BIC Disposable Razors Coupon)! 
 seanmcarroll The Walmart takeover is real!
i had a dream that i met taehyung, hoseok and namjoon in walmart nd we were talking abt shoes nd tshirts with burgers on them
Now bidding: Walmart Liquor Box  1916 (Coconut Creek, FL) 
Order plans at any LDI location 
Even thought I was "found in a dumpster behind Walmart" I have to show the family some love on… 
 mpigliucci University of Walmart
 maddsnicole21  insanartsy Plus if they are already a higher risk they wont go into walmart and buy a gun, theyll g… 
 MobbsTy Fuckemmmmmmmm ain't in Walmart mode today
 ChillCandace are you one those people that go shopping barefoot in Walmart??
every time I mention going to Walmart my coworker says that's sad. it's sad ur not gettin those rollback prices girl.
 chrisolds2009  RiceCube70 I saw a Walmart with three legs full of slammy variants.  Also lots on eBay so I don't think they're that rare.
Seen the homie Ted at Walmart lol  macdizzle112  locmyster  Dannyboii50 
I told Keanu I needed new panties and he goes "so where we going Walmart?" Tf lol if that's what you wanna take off then so be it 🤣
think he got that sword in walmart 
 Cityslicker picnic: eating taco bell under the shade from a bush while sitting in your car in a Walmart parking lot.
I'm at  Walmart in Mentor, OH 
 GreggDCaruso  mpigliucci Not a coincidence, educated states largest employers are University's and the uneducated… 
 2279acsjr Fuck Walmart
Found over  1,386.31 in potential profit from Walmart/Toys to sell on Amazon!  OA
come join Phi Mu   BWW (shopping center w/ dsw & walmart) today! Just show this flyer & a portion of your bill goes… 
I just got electrocuted by the self-checkout in Walmart, and now my arm is tingly and my chest hurts.
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 4/10/2017 3:58:01 PM
**BREAKING NEWS** - Over 50 Different Items RECALLED From Walmart Stores - Full LIST! 
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer | Forbes Mobile 
Merchandizing shop! (at  Walmart Supercenter in Camby, IN) 
 Walmart 2-Day shipping my foot!  One item is already delivered, one is on the way, and another is still processing… 
Walmart Says: we don't need to hire more people, you guys just have to work harder with less resources and more underappreciation 🙄
 DLoesch Flying drones at Walmart would make spotting Wal-creatures much easier. ☺ PeopleofWalmart  INDIO_RADIO
Where you been  Walmart we been doin this for years 
At Walmart:  Pringles®  Ketchup  Flavour - Save  1.00   onlinecoupons  printablecoupons  save.ca  save.ca... 
I should honestly start using the pickup at Walmart because I go in there for 1 thing and leave with 50 without the 1 thing I went for
 BonnieHoellein  Walmart some people's kids. 
Good thing I don't eat salad or shop at Walmart
I need to go to Walmart to grab the stuff I wanna make for dinner tonight 😩
I went to that Walmart job fair had 2 interviews and still didn't get nowhere 🤦🏽‍♀️
 Grawlix555  Walmart 5 crazy nights
 RjInThaCut Get some certo from walmart and mix with gatorade about 2 hrs before hand
New post: Gross find in Walmart produce 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 4/10/2017 3:56:20 PM
 CDC says  Walmart salad has low probability of containing rabies 
lol Walmart lets ppl do anything lollll 
 Omgaustinsavage  Walmart Because I actually care about the fish
Thank you KOA RESORT- Astoria/Warrenton/Seaside and WALMART Volunteering Always Pays" program for being Platinum... 
S/o to this dude shitting at Walmart your fart game is real AF 🔥💨
 DoesntGoOnASandwhich Dead Bat Inside  Walmart Salad Forces Waitress To Charge Extra For Bat🦇… 
Working at walmart, one thing i've never had to ask for was more hours. cause they be working TF outta my ass 😩😩😩😩
 united I can't wait till every last  united employee, even the worthless CEO, is working as a Walmart greeter afte… 
How you gonna argue with Walmart about the prices ?!?!! Just don't shop !!!!
Comp shop can be tedious, but I have to come around and admit that I like the atmosphere in bj's. Sam's is just a huge Walmart.
Great Value (Walmart brand) peanut butter flavored trail mix is absolutely incredible.
You still have time! Secure your  Hisense TV with your  taxrefund:  TaxDay  4K 
Got some dope new tanks from walmart   Walmart Alexandria -… 
Recall: Walmart Has Issued A Recall On A Popular Organic Food Item After Finding A Dead Bat Inside. [Video] 
This week's impulse buy because this is the dopest kitchen appliance I don't already own!!!!!
33% Off at… 
 ninaburleigh Ola!   Enjoy some tasty bat with your endive and fiddlehead ferns Gringo.  /  locovore   foodie
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer  Facebook  android  app go to 
 snopes can't see a difference in stock valuation between  target and  walmart since the  BoycottTarget started.… 
 Influenster sent me  ChapStick  chapstickduo to test out for FREE! so head to your local walmart because it is… 
Walmart to fly drones in stores to help you shop 
Just got hit on by a guy with no teeth in Walmart. My love life is truly blossoming
Ppl still go to  Walmart? 🤢 
Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after dead bat found inside  prosperdiva
Man back at Ferrum if I told my bros I need to go to Walmart my car will be full. Here at Charlotte I gotta go by my damn self.
 GreggDCaruso  mpigliucci In the southeast it's all Walmart lol
 lil_gibb21  GreenleeKali Yes we can take them on our phone the go straight to photo center at Walmart and print them off!
 AvaalosMelyssa Walmart in garland
 TimHortonsYQR  FANEXPOREGINA  Z99regina  JackRegina  thewolfrocks  MY921Regina  reginapolice  souls_harbour Chocol… 
 sierranicolx  Walmart Why the fuck did you do it
It's called an  OzzyOsbourneSalad 
Barcodíng wíth Walmart Nextbook f FREE ADS - COLLECTIBLES CHEAP  barcoding  manufacturing  nextbook FREE  ADSVERTS
This Fucking Rain 😑 A Nigga Trying To Slide To Walmart 🤦🏾‍♂️
A dead bat was discovered in a packaged salad from a Florida Walmart.  2150AJ 
Walmart plans fly drones in it stores to assist you in your shopping... STUPIDEST IDEA EVER.  NeverWalmart  
 CFSummers We never want our customers to feel uncomfortable shopping with us. Please visit so we can help. -Zoe
Gross. This is the brand of spinach I eat, but I don't get it at Walmart. 
Nah son, that's Ozzy Osbourne's special salad 
 TananariveDue Did he get the tomahawk and machete AT Walmart?
Who doesn't love a haul click on the link💕 Ulta + Walmart Mini Haul
 
The cart boy at Walmart was following me so i lied & said i had a bf but then he said i look sad & he could take care of me if i left my man
Going down the Walmart holiday candy aisle is like The Hunger Games. May the odds be ever in your favor.
Chanel vs walmart 
Ends debate on whether we should shop at  Walmart 
Yesterday I went to Walmart and they played 'All in my head' and 'No way'🙌🇵🇷  FifthHarmony
what was the worst spankin you got growing up lmao — When I drop something at Walmart and it broke so my... 
 lil_gibb21  GreenleeKali Walmart parking lot prom? I'll go rent a tux if kali wants to be my date!
My weakness,  mmpr toys   Walmart Supercenter Virginia Beach -… 
You said it's at Walmart? 😂  nicolevvo 
 mmaddov  mamma_rach  wheatplanet I've seen some other studies, too, that show how when especially Walmart started… 
Don't eat bagged organic 
salad from Walmart! TWO PEOPLE ate 
some with a dead bat in it.
 WilberBrothers9  Lauren_Southern You aren't just a body whom buys things from giant capitalist at Walmart.. You ar… 
im so glad the bathroom at Walmart is well cleaned...
 camerondallas bitch my walmart doesn't carry it until tomorrow
Do you buy your bag lettuce at Walmart? Please check it! 
First, police say they stole  500 worth of stuff from Walmart ... Then, police found needles and paraphernalia

 Walmart charges ahead in  online  retail market dominated by  amazon 
 MirandaHobson4 I get mine from Walmart honestly lolol it's cheap and works and they have one that has tattoo protection
I'M ON THE WAY TO WALMART AND I JUST SAW A GUY ON A HORSE. I KNOW I'M IN TEXAS, BUT STILL????
Spotted  CycloneNics with AnnaLee at Walmart today 👀 nice to see y'all again 😎
Hoping and praying  Walmart  WalmartCareers hire me.
 Walmart  Recalls  Salad_Mixes After Dead Bat Discovered Inside 
Free trial at one of those boutique-style gyms. Everyone is in Lululemon and spray tans and I'm over here like ✌🏼 got my shorts at Walmart.
Recall in Southeast due to packaged bat....In addition to Walmart stores in South Carolina, these salads went to... 
This Monday, easily earn instant gift cards! Amazon, Best Buy, Starbucks, Walmart  freestuff 
she said welcome to Walmart and I said thanks lmaooo, why did I say thanks
So I'm lost at Walmart rn..
Walmart Recalls Salad Mixes After Dead Bat Discovered Inside 
say the guns laws change and people can carry weapons around in public. whats stopping someone from going AWOL and shooting up a walmart?
SICK NASTY!!!! WALMART CUSTOMERS ARE FREAKING AFTER WHAT THEY JUST FOUND... 
Worth zooming in. Walmart vs. universities. 
Alleged Walmart theft leads to 2 drug arrests 
WALMART TO FLY DRONES IN STORES; ASSIST SHOPPING  drones
No worries!  Bats do not eat much  Walmart  WalmatBatSalad  BatSalad 
13. 5 winners  walmart 
14. 4 winners  amazon 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Niceville 
Walmart be having 30 lanes with 2 open
 Sam_Vecenie Most of them that talk like that on social media don't. They're referred to as "Walmart Wolverines." S… 
I spend so much money at Walmart
This lady in Walmart just asked me was my hair a lace front 😒😑
WVNCC Flag Football Team vs. Team Walmart. Saturday 12:30pm / 16th Street Field (Whg.) Proceeds go to the Children'… 
Walmart World's Largest Retailer via  jackstreetweb
 you_need_aman "You'd probably find this music in the five buck bin at Walmart. It's that good."
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer  yycwalks
actually ill probably just buy more eyeliner when i go to walmart to see if those coloured puffball keychains are still there
 3Novices : Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer The battle between Amazon and Walmart for retail domina…
The Walmart logo is a literal asshole 
 Andy_Ben_Lobets Thanks for sharing! We appreciate your loyalty! -Katz
Sometimes... an . Oreo taste test among associates can pop up from thin air. 
Care to share your favorite? 
.… 
If I had a dollar for every time I almost get to taken out by the elderly in Sequim's Walmart 💰
Salad sold at Walmart recalled after dead bat found inside bag via  yahoo
NEVER be cheap and buy a shower liner from the damn dollar store!! I either get mines from Walmart or Home Goods
 WattersonVickie  DemetriaLesterC  united When I have had a collision in Walmart parking lot, the police stated the… 
 AGichane Walmart isn't available in Kenya, but you can access our Massmart line of stores there. -Zoe
Gross find in Walmart produce via the  FoxNews App 
I said I was spending  30 in Walmart...I haven't even made it there yet and I know I'm lying 🙄
 Sam_Vecenie "Walmart Wolverine" is the name you're looking for.
Me: Can you tell me where I can find humus?
Walmart Lady: Who dat?
Me: 😊
Walmart: uhhh how long he been working... 
 MichyChibert Yep. Did you see the story about the white guy at Walmart who attacked cops with a machete? Guess who… 
 cardeaframez Ohh yeah me too, but they all have the same things and colors, Walmart sells them so I'd thought to look in target
 PhilipBeamSr  vivenoir  LeslieD2192  Freeyourmindkid She's been "cut enough slack" by whom, Mr. Walmart sales asso… 
Walmart Sr Mngr Data Analytics Reptg is hiring. Tableau & SQL.  Relo Benefit. Charlotte, NC. jenny.illum walmart.com
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Findlay, OH 
Walmart Obama should be in prison 
Ion like to say hate but I Hate Walmart 😠
going to walmart with my mother. expecting it to be disappointing.
Found over  246.43 in potential profit from Walmart/Sports & Outdoors to sell on Amazon!  OA
Just stole visine from Walmart and I honestly feel so guilty
By the time I got to Bath & Body Works I was lowkey broke 😢. So off to WalMart 😂😂😂
Picks MarthGets in this Walmart buying stuff for dinner and they have switches 👀👀.
Shopping News ..Erin Mills Town Centre Adds a Walmart Supercentre 
Baby boomer: BRING COMPANIES BoeingCK HERE & AMERICANS CAN GET MORE JOBS

*Price of shirt at Walmart is now  72*

BB: Y AREN'T SHIRTS  9 ANYMORE
 fox12oregon  OregonZoo IS THIS FOUND IN THE SALAD AT WALMART??
 lusanc_  brittanyellena you're location was in the ocean and behind Walmart. It's possible to assume you were dead.
Nomo stealing from Walmart 🙌🏾🙌🏾 
Thing I learn online Don't steal from  Walmart  the released security cameras images are sharp.  comedians must have a  joke in that fact
Walmart: Fisher-Price Tough Trike for  15 (Reg.  40) via Cha-Ching on a Shoestring - ... 
Buying some groceries at Walmart, a lady, asking for directions, just said I look like I know my way around the store. I've hit a new low 😜
 BonnieHoellein  Walmart Oh my word I would not know how to respond 😂😂
smother yourself in mousse rly tho 
 thelittleidiot Walmart sucks the life out of ppl. I feel bad for the workers but I can't wait to get out of there.… 
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART BOARD VS BRAILLE DEATH DROP
me & chris walked all the way to walmart yesterday & this guy stopped&iwoulda been paranoid but i legit think he thought we were hitchhiking
Trying to get fabric cut at  Walmart is easily one of the most frustrating parts of working in theatre in a small town.
Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests - 
 bet52  Bethenny Do u have a Walmart?
 EASTBoeingYDFRESH  PhilipBeamSr  Walmart wtf so he's using his dead dad's name?!?!? fucking weirdo.
 Bhathena You can request an Ad Match using the online form located here: 
I picked up a bag of riced Cauliflower in the Walmart freezer section. I haven't tried it yet but considering... 
How did parts of a BoeingT get into salad? 
Luda really dropped a video with his upper body looking like a Walmart superhero costume?
When someone asks you how much my sis charges for waxing services then say "well I pay this much at Walmart" ..... BITCH GO TO WALMART THEN😑
 meijer why dont u guys carry a line of scrubs??!?!  Walmart  be gettin all my money cuz they got good scrubs u guys could be gettin that
Finally gonna take my ass to Walmart today 🙄🙄
my sister called me while I was at Walmart, and made me come all the way home just to kill a spider I'm 🙄
I liked a  YouTube video DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART (COPS KICKED US OUT)
 _Seeg_ It that the one by Walmart
 Freeyourmindkid  PhilipBeamSr  Walmart Yes.. Philip Jr was also in the army or navy.. Facebook can be useful to tr… 
Niggas buying Walmart salad... that's where you fucked upon the first place !
 GABRlCL Are you like Jessie from Walmart or sth xD
I'm giving away something for you on  Listia: Walmart Gift Card  10. Get it here - 
[Throwback post]  ad Save Big for a Bright Future with Bonus Box Tops at Walmart!  BTFE 
I'm tired, my foot hurts & I just want to sit inside on a comfy couch & relax instead of sitting outside of walmart all day
 zuckeberg  fail  badmath  pathetic  facebook 
Tried to post a link to WALMART USING DRONES - facebook denied me 
Y'all know that Walmart rat scare prank vine? Where the lady goes like "HAZEEEK" that's my reaction if he ever made… 
 aldonava_8 go get some walmart bags
US_Business. Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say - NYTimes 
 nikkinacks Gorilla Grip holder for your phone/camera. Theyre like 20 bucks at walmart. If you wanna be cheap with… 
See how I tackle my  SCJMessyMoments with help from Windex® Brand  Walmart   ad 
 RickyG87  fincherism I have never been to a Walmart that sold assault rifles lol 

Hunting rifles and pistols maybe.
Walmart destroys my vibe the second I walk in.
Lakewood police don't believe foul play was involved in woman's death near Walmart! 
I'm giving away something for you on  Listia:  10 Walmart Gift Card. Get it here - 
No matter what time it is walmart will always be packed and slow
Relax there's a lollipop to  Walmart 
We found you the perfect LBD.  maternitywear  littleblackdress 
Recall issued after dead bat found in salad at Walmart 
 EASTBoeingYDFRESH  PhilipBeamSr  Walmart Wait, so is he actually Phillip jr?!?
Simple, delicious recipe for Cold Brew Tonic.  ad  Walmart  SilkandSimplyPureCreamers 
 seewhysiu Thank you! We are excited about this new collaboration w/ Walmart and the increasing interest towards th… 
 Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer 
 Krisp_y  fincherism She said you can buy guns of all kinds at Walmart including a AK-47 or any other assault rifle
I just spent a solid 5 minutes searching for my car in the Walmart parking lot....
 garyvee New model has to be like Amazon or become everything to everyone like Walmart and Target?
 H0bbitQueen  CallMeSeanald It's why I love Walmart☺️
 RealMuckmaker the fox 'news` prize is one of those poop emoji pillows sold in walmart
 CarmellaWWE look what I found at Walmart today! Hi  selenaownsmc u like her too ? :) 
*HOT* New  5/1 Zantac or Duo Fusion Coupon = Better Than Free at Walmart! 
 PeteFreedman You're SO right about Deep Ellum...much better to go to Walmart & buy a bunch of sh!t off a boat from… 
BROOOOO!!!! THEY ARE PLAYING 5 Hours AT WALMART🔥🔥🔥🔥
Woman wanted for theft at Walmart 
Drones In Walmart  Your opinion?
Amazon and Walmart Fight for the On-Demand Grocery Shopper  logistics
Ozzy want some bat salad? I think not! 
 LaurieBC1999 Hi Laurie! Try your local Walmart, Kroger, or Target. If you don't see it yet, be sure to request it… 
 Freeyourmindkid  PhilipBeamSr  Walmart It was him.. Philip Sr is dead.. 😂
Yeah tossed my walmart pro controller in the trash. Cant deal with that bullshit.
I mean, I need this. Right?   Walmart Sacramento - El Camino Ave 
FREE Razors at Walmart ( 0.99 at Harris Teeter)

Print Link: 
😳 Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests -  Walmart
 RECALL ALERT: 'Bat material' in salads sold at Walmart leads to recall 
 25 Walmart Gift Card and Control Your Clutter Book Giveaway ends 4-18 
I went around Walmart the other day and wrote down things I wanna get for the cruise. Also wrote down the prices. I feel complete lol.
Dead Bat Found Inside Package of Salad in Florida, Officials Say  recall  foodsafety 
Next time you're at Walmart, buy a solar light and make this adorable gift for someone special!... 
Amazon vs Walmart Vote!
Fresh Express issues recall after dead bat found in salad sold at Walmart

(Via WUSA9) 
Everything in victor is just so much nicer even the walmart isn't shitty
Thanksgiving Upskirt at Walmart!  
 TheLissaKaye  Ron92211 I thought one day in Walmart was morons day out...then I found out every day at Walmart was… 
 TMZ I don't want no damn salad mix from Walmart no mo cause if I see a bat in my mix I'm suing the hell out of  Walmart 🤢🤢
[walmart] Refrigerador Samsung Twin Cooling 384 litros 2 Portas Frost Free INOX - 110V por R ... 
 mpigliucci Wow.  All the red state trump voters are WalMart states, most of the Blue states are University states.
You don't ask WALMART FOR A DISCOUNT... SO WHY ASK ME?😠
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer  Finance  Investments  ROIMentor
 cardboardicons  chrisolds2009 found this at Walmart today! And it's  CarmellaWWE Slammy Variant too!  wwe 
CRAP they are selling baby bunnies in the parking lot of Walmart
Most of us knw 🇺🇸 is a Corporation
We can see  realDonaldTrump Run in  Diz Bih Like uh  Walmart 
Cheap Bombs 4 everybody 

Dem bihs wrk tho
2 people in were checked for rabies after discovering a dead bat in a bag of salad purchased at Walmart: . . The... 
 EASTBoeingYDFRESH  PhilipBeamSr  Walmart lmao he blocked me too!!!
Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer  NYSEWalmart  NASDAQAMZN 
 Cutti_P Walmart for the  5
Dear  walmart - next time you give me a privacy-invading  Google captcha at login, I will cancel and shop elsewhere.
 RickyG87  fincherism Just curious where this Walmart convo started? She blocked me so I can't see anything she says.
 Forbes Amazon Makes A Bid For Walmart's Core Customer 
 DrewOnTheRadio  SethKush New at Walmart, Bruce Wayne Salad Mix
Looking forward to hosting Walmart's  theRozSilva & Sylvia Pabon, tonight at 9PM ET via Facebook Live. Join us 
 RickyG87  fincherism Oh really? Here in KY they still sell guns and ammo at Walmart.
So I'm at Walmart looking at computers and someone is signed in on one and their name is Mikesepticeye 😂👌🏻
I'm at Walmart in Virginia Beach, VA 
 Pikkushotposts got it from walmart :v
 Freeyourmindkid  PhilipBeamSr  Walmart 😂 😂 😂  Philip a bitch ass cracka.. 
 brianros1 Agree. But Amazon is "everywhere;" how many Dollar Trees can there be? The McD and Walmart numbers I believe.
I really need to go to Walmart but I don't even feel like moving.
Gross find in Walmart salad  fox-news
Walmart's tech push continues  Walmart

— TheStreet (TheStreet) April 10, 2017
Gucci vs Walmart 
Sounds like a tasty treat to me! Delish!
BBC News - Decomposing bat found in Walmart salad prompts rabies tests 
 Walmart breaking out of 8 month range. 
 Walmart Cramer looks 'outside the mall' for these 2 retail leader... 
 Walmart Cramer looks 'outside the mall' for these 2 retail leaders 
 GuyAdami Been critical of the show, but kudos to your  WFM call, that's what we expect from you guys, not to buy  Walmart on a pullback...
 AMZN  KSS  UAA  Walmart  BURL:

Cramer looks ‘outside the mall’ for these 2 retail leaders:


 CramersShirt seems a bit late to be bulled up on  AMZN and bearish on  Walmart :P

**not saying you are...you get my drift
 TGT  BBY  Walmart  AZO  WBoeing:

US anti-border tax coalition to target lawmakers during …:


Dead bat found in Walmart bagged salad prompts rabies investigation
 Walmart
Walmart covered call  Walmart TV_TradingIdeas
Amazon: The Path to  1,100 a Share  AMZN  EBoeingY  Walmart  amazon  amazon  amazonfresh  
Walmart covered call -  Walmart chart 
Walmart covered call  Walmart 
Jana Partners Pressuring Whole Foods; Supermarkets Flying Upward  WFM  NGVC  SFS  SVU  KR  COST  Walmart  PUSH  GNC  VSI 
Only Three Businesses Can Say At Least 84% of U.S. Consumers Spent With Them in 2016  Walmart  MCD  TGT
Will Amazon (AMZN) Reach  1,100 Per Share? Analyst Upgrade  AMZN  EVAY  Walmart 
Here’s an amazing new measure of just how deeply Walmart is ingrained into the fabric of American life  Walmart  
 WFM  Walmart:

Jana Partners takes 8.3 percent stake in Whole Foods:


Decomposed bat found inside bag of salad from a Florida  Walmart  Walmart  Walmart 
Activist investors take 9% stake in Whole Foods, push company to consider a sale  WFM  wholefoods  cnbc  Walmart  SFM
5 Facts About High-Yield Dividend Stocks Every Investor Should Know  themotleyfool  stocks  Walmart,  CVX,  TGT,  LOW  
. npdgroup: Maybe Amazon's not as ubiquitous as we think 
<50% of Americans bought on  AMZN in 2016 
>70% bought at… 
 Walmart  AMZN putting pricing pressures on suppliers.This is good for the consumer though.  How much more efficient can we get? Not much.
 AMZN and  Walmart may be the only 'retail' names left after all's said and done. What happens when  AMZN makes the final shift to mass grocery?
Walmart's tech push continues  Walmart

— TheStreet (TheStreet) April 10, 2017
Walmart's tech push continues  Walmart
 StockCats I'd like to put you into  Walmart at these levels. 
In Walmart's Tech-Friendly Store of the Future You Probably Won't Use Cash  Walmart via  TheStreet
 WFM on the tape.  Jana take 9% stake.  Looks to sell company.  To whom?!?!?   Walmart???
 AMZN's quest to bypass retailers like  TGT &  Walmart heats up – they're wining and dining major producers.
In Digest:… 
Why Moats Matter: The Morningstar Approach to Stock Investing:  SPY  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Reiterated Rating by BMO Capital Markets (Ranked 17th) to Underperform  Walmart  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Reiterated Rating by Jefferies & Co (Ranked 20th) to Buy  Walmart  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Given a  86.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts 
 Walmart  AMZN:

Amazon’s stock price target lifted to  1100 by analyst; accounts for …:


 MintCapital3 golf? you mean cleaning the toilets at  Walmart right?
The sale of  SUN  Cstores to 711 means  TA is worth over 30 dollars a share in a similar sale.  ETP  ETE  SXL  CST  Walmart  KR  MPC  CVX  CASY
.  Walmart CEO: "The old trade-off of service versus low prices no longer makes sense." Good interview  Walmart
 Walmart:

Walmart Breaks Out:


Analyst Says Sell J.M Smucker As Wal-Mart Pressure Intensifies  Walmart Also  SJM  PF  DF  GIS 
REPORT: President  realDonaldTrump to meet with roughly 20 top corporate leaders tomorrow:  GM  IBM  Walmart  TSLA  BX
Go Inside Walmart's Tech-Friendly Store of the Future Where You Probably Won't Use Cash  Walmart 
Amazon shares get new  1,100 price target from Wall Street analyst  AMZN  amazon  EBoeingY  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Upgraded to “Outperform” by Telsey Advisory Group 
 Walmart:

Gross things found in people’s food reaches a new low: a dead bat:


 GM  IBM  Walmart  TSLA  BLK:

Trump to meet with U business leaders on Tuesday:


 GM,  IBM,  Walmart,  TSLA,  BLK,  BX ...  Trump to meet with about 20 top corporate leaders on Tuesday, Reuters says 
 Walmart: "Telsey expects Wal-Mart to dominate [the firm thinks its investment in technology will cause their SG&A expenses to plateau]...
Analyst says sell J.M Smucker as Wal-Mart pressure intensifies  SJM  PF  Walmart  GIS  DF 
 Walmart  Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. - January 2017 (LTM): Peer S...  credit 
 realDonaldTrump to meet with CEOs of  TSLA  IBM  Walmart  PEP  GM and more tomorrow 
Wal-Mart  Walmart market alert: 33-week high   73.35 
Needham says buy Amazon with U.S. dominance seen continuing  AMZN  Walmart  NKE  EBoeingY 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc (Walmart) Stock Should Have You Salivating   Walmart  AMZN  retail  stock
Wal-Mart Stores Inc (Walmart) Stock Should Have You Salivating   Walmart  AMZN  retail  stock 
Here's Who's Could Earn the Biggest Profits From Lower Income People Spending More Money  MCD  Walmart 
 AMZN refuses to price-match with  Walmart however,  Walmart will price-match non-Prime items from  AMZN -  abandoncart
 AMZN refuses to price-match with  Walmart however,  Walmart will price-match non-
Most retailers have underperformed  SPY over the past year  Walmart  JCP  COST  DLTR  TGT 
 SJM, Stuck Between  Walmart And Private Labels, Is A Sell 
Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
 TGT How Will March Retail Sales Affect The Retail Sector  Stocks?  M  JCP  SHLD  AMZN  Walmart  COST  stockmarket  SPY
 COST  Walmart:

People Favor Costco Over Sam’s, BJ’s for Gas:


 ILMN  WYNN  Walmart options have the largest change in price. Free options screener. 
Wal-Mart  Walmart market alert: 30-week high   73.04 
 Walmart Pay in the Programming Sector Falls in March 
Wal-Mart: on the right track, maintaining 🤔Skeptical Emoji Rating  Walmart (long) 
 SJM downgraded to Underweight on  Walmart, private label risk at Morgan Stanley. PT to  126 from  132.
 AMZN  EBoeingY  Walmart:

Amazon’s total US retail market share will pass 50% in 5 years …:


 CSCO  32.96 ( 34)  Walmart  72.9 ( 70)  F  11.23 ( 11.5) max pain trades for Apr 13, 2017 exp.  MaxPain  Options
Don't Miss This Breakout in Walmart  Walmart  AMZN - 
 F  CPB  Walmart:

Nepotism in Trump White House could actually be a good thing …:


 JeffMacke Not related but I know you're a fan -  Walmart looking good for some follow through today. 
 Breaking out se… 
Dragonfly Capital - 4 Trade Ideas in Walmart: Bonus Idea  Walmart  SPY 
Gold Miners, Skechers, Wal-Mart, Whole Foods:  CNBCFastMoney Picks For April 10  GDX  SKX  WFM  Walmart
How Apple Inc. Makes Most of Its Money  themotleyfool  stocks  Apple,  Walmart,  MSFT,  NOK,  Intel,  BBRY,  TCEHY 
Stocks to Trade 4-10-17 |  Walmart  COST  AKAM  SPY

4 Trade Ideas in Walmart: Bonus Idea - Dragonfly Capital..  Walmart  SPY
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stake Decreased by Tortoise Investment Management LLC 
Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd Sells 815 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Lowers Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Love detailed  Walmart feedback survey post recent free-ship online order - Esp question "Are you  AMZN  Prime member ? "

 XRT  ORCL  jimcramer
Numeric Investors LLC Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stake Decreased by Tortoise Investment Management LLC  stocks
 ICNB.017 - VIVINO  1 Wine -  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR… 
Investors Sell Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart on Strength After Insider Selling 
 BREAKING Dow, S&P 500 Futures Rise:  AMZN  Google  TGT  Walmart  M 
