 GCwriter04 look at me I'm Carol I can find a tree even though I can't raid a Walmart 😛
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael EPIC WATER BOTTLE FLIPS ONTO FAMOUS SIGNS!! *WALMART*
 SavynaMKH i think i might wait and go to walmart to check them out but it's definitely on my list
 ChrisFierce no, I meant what I said. I'm sorry you have a limited vocabulary and your closest reference was Walmart 
I'm dressed appropriately for my Walmart stop today . . . Yes I'm wearing sweat pants in public
I miss living in college station where Walmart was not as ratchet as Walmarts in Houston. Literally haven't been to Walmart in 3 months
3 guys in the bathroom before me at Walmart. All 3 didn't wash their hands. Lazy, sick world we live in.
She really thought Walmart would fall for that...?.. 😂 
 __Lisaaaa___ 🙄🙄 well my water bill is due. You can Walmart to Walmart me the money tomorrow. Thanks Ma 😘
SD 363759.5 I found some togas for the trip at "Walmart", in the ancient sports clothing section. I got a really good price.
I need to get to Walmart 😩
Just spent 15 minutes walking around Walmart looking for a nectarine 🙄
Handle can you resuscitate CVS, CIA, DEA, Walmart spiritually? You can't. You are a bigger fraud than addiction
 mathematicallychallenged this is why we need  goodteachers💪😏   Walmart Rochester - Marketplace Dr 
Can some take me to Walmart please
my favorite american tradition is the mountain dew boxes stacked like a christmas tree at the entrance of walmart
I know one thing if these lights go out in Walmart ONE more time, just one more, I'm running out of here with the entire basket!
Enter for a chance to WIN a  50  Walmart e-gift card!  SweepsEntry  NatureMadeAtWalmart (No Purchase Necessary)
Grab  NatureMadeAtWalmart vitamins and supplements! Enter for a chance to win:  SweepsEntry (No Purchase Necessary)
Just entered to win a  50  Walmart gift card thanks to  NatureMadeAtWalmart. Here's how:  SweepsEntry 
At 8:15pm it stops beside the Walmart parking lot, which is where all dreams screech to a halt.  DatXmasTrain 🚆🎅🎁🎄
New cologne about to be "Off/Mosquito repellent" everyone go buy some at your local convenient store/ Walmart.
"CVS: at the corners of its 11pm and you need theraflu and you dont wanna go to walmart"
Can someone buy me the sugar cookies from walmart
 lizlet  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble
 Movies  Action… 
WalMart credits mobile devices for driving more than 70% of it's  blackfriday traffic.  MobileFriendly  Optimization

When you think your outfit is cute then you're at Walmart and get asked if you work there  outfitfail  khakis
I just entered to win a  165 Walmart gift card! You can enter here:
you open an entire package of bacon and throw it at people in walmart and suddenly you're just no good at all :/
“You can do it after the Walmart visit. If we come out alive.” 
gives Amazon stronger holiday competition 
 walmart trying to buy a present for someone but the price changes by  200.00 when I click check out. Can't find a   2 call. DM me please.
A Walmart employee thought I was 16. "No ma'am, I'm 21". She smiled with her grill and said my haircut makes me look young..I have a hat on😒
Reasons why I HATE Walmart 😂😂 
Walmart Canada: Create Personalized, 3D Printed Christmas... 
WHY would you let your toddler walk around Walmart barefoot 😡😡😡
 OJ_Commerce  Walmart  CNN  MSNBC  NECN  FoxNews Walmart and OJ Commerce exercising illegal business practices and dishonest business.
Walmart Black Friday: Purple Dicount Calculator Free:  
Best Black Friday Deals 2016: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, on TVs, Toys and More – Barron’s 
 gravystain Oh no! That doesn't sound right. Please contact us at with more details so that we can help you. -Nici
I get lost at Walmart how am I suppose to catch two planes by myself
 Police pursuit ends on Camp  Jackson Road, following  shooting at Walmart - Nov 28   6:55 PM ET  
Hasbro Disney Star Wars Walmart Smart R2-D2 Intelligent Bluetooth App Droid 
Who got shot at Cahokia Walmart ?
You get a Space Sword and you get a Space Sword! Everybody gets a Space Sword! ✨ WalMart… 
Gamestop got deals, Walmart taxing!!!!
 Killz___  itsme__nene out of walmart & her brother went & called sercurity
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
 Walmart Hello everyone, please protect your family. DO NOT trust Keith in the Ruston, LA tire center. He will put your lives in danger.
 yokounata HNNN TY TY I GOT THEM AT WALMART LOL
"i realized my english has gotten really good. Today when i was arguing at Walmart i didn't even stutter"
- mom
Star Wars Black Series 6″ inch Scarif Stormtrooper Walmart-Squad Leader lot 
Fisher Price Little Stackers Giraffe For  7.97, Down From  15!  Walmart  fisher_price
 teIIius i'm going to walmart in a few days i'll get you a month's worth
Star Wars Black Series 6″ WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMTROOPER MISB Lot of 3! 
Tracking Link for Incentive -CRC Walmart (Exclusive) - US 
 Walmart I need to make a return to  SacSilver. Their email address is not posted on your web site for returns.
So, whoqis tee genius that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
Just spent 45 min in the Walmart buying dog food because I had nothing better to do on a Monday night.  smalltownlife
 philipsnjh WES IS FUCKING LIVE AND IM AT WALMART WHAT TH FR FUCK
"Heyyy. Then we're good here. Now when can I cut your hair? Maybe after we fucking get murdered in Walmart?" 
 its__rae You runnin the Walmart page too?? 
 pituvision some dope WoN figure hauls from Walmart and Target 
Why doesn't anyone in Walmart.....I've already answered my own question.
Sitting at Walmart waiting for my drugs
 bportseasoning  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble  Movies… 
If you are going to the post office or walmart, take your winter coat!  Brrrr....it was cold in both of them!
Everybody's excited about Trader Joe's! FINALLY, an alternative to HyVee, New Pi, Lucky's, Aldi's, Fareway, Walmart, Target, Sam's Club...
y'all out here buying yeezys but ur 6 kids out there running in tore up Walmart shoes lololol
Why'd I Decide To Go To Walmart When Its Raining?🙄
Man with long stick shot, killed by police outside Kansas Walmart: cops 
NEVER. DOES. WALMART. DO. EAR. PIERCINGS. WHATTTTTT.😭😭😭
Every time I call myself coming to Walmart to get one thing that's probably no more than  10 I end up spending  100 or more🙄🙄
 BREAKING: heavy police presence at Cahokia WalMart. Working to gather details  ksdknews 
10 Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
they pissed me off so I took care of it 11.28.16   Walmart… 
 Walmart I thought I was shopping at Walmart not EBoeingY!  Since when did you become EBoeingY?  Walmart Shady Business Practices.
2016 Christmas Toys at Walmart! 
check out the link for walmart special
 Walmart  A_FarScape  antbetz  You have got to be joking? You don't EMPOWER your management to speak in complete sentences. Decision making?
I swear people thought something was wrong with me while on FaceTime with my sister inside of Walmart. 😂😂
Shout out o  walmart for canceling our  blackfriday order, calling it a pricing error and telling us to kick rocks.  youthebest
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart 
People beating the shit out of each other for cheap Walmart gifts is just the annual sign that the season of giving and greetings is upon us
I liked a  YouTube video Clay Shelburn & Zac Stokes- Walmart Rockstars - Pride and Joy
Monday and Vince reported a local Walmart and they cried over totally stab Caesar.
Went to Walmart and fucked around and lost my car keys 🙄😩Diamond and tekey was looking everywhere 😂😂
Don't worry sweetie  dominguesln. I have talked to my lawyer and we are soon get this straight.  Walmart
E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now Walmart really has to compete on  Amazon’s turf. 
 Walmart Your tire center in Ruston ,LA knowingly commits. Keith and Trudy both need education on fraud before someone sues.
 Walmart nvm just saw it would be ready by 8:42 my bad 🙂
 MorganNotMegan  KendraJames_ Walmart haul is happening soon. Especially since I need a really cheap air mattress for reasons...
Dear cute Walmart guy... please put me in your shopping cart
Can I play something for you   Walmart Decatur - Memorial Dr 
Walmart run building kit cheap -  Improvise Urban Bushcraft  02 - 
 blockchain Wal-Mart testing blockchain technology to enhance food safety - 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Denver, NC 
 WaitASecondWhat it was so cute. Hes from Walmart surprisingly.
 ASchallenberger Please reach out to us at so we can look into this. Thank you. -Nici
Cyber Monday Ads: Macy's Target, Walmart, Sears and MORE! via  Couponmamacita
There are cops at Walmart and I'm stuck in a checkout line.  nervous
 EmilyWTVA  WTVAmatt  the power finally came back on at west main Walmart thanks for all y'all do during sever weather
 chicken_nugz ive already been kicked out of a walmart so we can do this ❤️
Just drove past the walmart bus stop and saw a guy sitting on the ground smoking a bowl. Nice
Director of Sales to  walmart in  nwark. Fresh Food & leadership experience is preferred.  jobs  
Walmart Adopts  Blockchain Technology to Get Tainted Food Off Shelves Faster 
Walmart or Amazon: Braun Series 7 790cc-4 Electric Foil Shaver with Clean & Charge Station only  109.00 (reg…… 
When you ask your local  Walmart where the black hair section is and they say they don't have one...  racist
"Today some lady in walmart told me i looked really familiar but i had no idea who she was so i told her my name was Johnny Coolini" ok dad😂
Bout to hit up target,Walmart, & Ulta💕 ShoutOut to my momma coming and clutch on my makeup and other stuff 😩💖
 Kenzie_Miller_ please. FaceTime and help. I'm going to Walmart to buy a tree
 nick_beardsley7 where are you? walmart or dollar general? or your grandparents?
If you shop  Walmart, props dawg.

You hood af. 

 goon 
 Target Save an extra 100% by shopping  amazon and  Walmart  bathroom
 Fyre_flye Walmart
Every time I am forced to go to Walmart I curse Target under my breath. What a tease that was.
 _forevernuchiee I Just Ordered Mines From Walmart Website Since They On Sale Today ... You Better Go Order You One ! 😂
 Scott_Wegna  Kingdomcub Maybe I'm missing something, but I don't see how Walmart figures in here.
Star Shower Holiday Light COLLECTION at Walmart -  18.88 
I Should Drop A Christmas Album Get That  Walmart Money
 prototypekicks Thank you for your interest. Click to get started. -Zoe
 youfeign_kaydee Walmart
Yes, WalMart is an evil, soulless corporation, but damn how cool is it that they label their parking lot rows??
 ad Use this coupon➡+ the coupon on  Oreo packages to SAVE    on  OREOcookies at  Walmart… 
 meagan_frye  chesterlockhart We can make those at like walmart😂 And there's a million poster websites.
I liked a  YouTube video from  realyoboypizza Possibly the Greatest Walmart 24 Hour Challenge of All Time!!
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
WALMART Black Friday ads are here!!!! 
 LosPollosTV walmart jeans and faje yeezys damn u fell off
Walmart's Get On The Shelf Contest and BarnDad's FiberDX!: via  YouTube
OFN, they'll have a whole white tee on with Walmart jeans 😑 
 BCart2144 you have to go all the way to Walmart
Suddenly... Walmart! 
 A_FarScape  Walmart They're just buying themselves time. No need to "chat" with a representative. They need to HONOR what's ADVERTISED
I NEED TO GO TO WALMART😩
Boiiii Walmart dumb af. I order two games online and that shit said I could pick up today and drive all the way here for nun. 🖕  Walmart
 OfficialAaron24  I'll tell my mom to take me to Walmart after practice "it's a emergency."😇
The  5 sweatpants section at Walmart comes in handy this time of the year.
Walmart boy just came at me sooo smooth 😭😭😭
Killing time while Jordan is at dance by grocery shopping at Walmart. Why am I such a mom?
WATCH LIVE: Skyzoom 4 over large police presence at Walmart in Cahokia 
Watching show and saw award show on bet see u in wee hours of the am watched movie Walmart christmas
 kcjonesxl Yes, Final Fantasy 15 will be available at 12:01 at our Magnolia St. location. Thanks for asking! -Katz
Exciting things are taking place at Walmart Global eCommerce! Check out our career opportunities,…
 NYNatAttack  Walmart  A_FarScape let's get some media attention  CNN  MSNBC  FoxNews  NECN
 A_FarScape If the price was in error, then the manager has the final decision. Please share at Thanks. -Nici
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
Whaaaaaaaaaaaa Walmart chucking is the best!!!! 
 BlueWalkPoconos  YouTube 'Deer-Palooza' all up in dem Walmart stores. This was the commercial for Wrastle Mania XXL. 😝😝😝👍🏻
(client)  Walmart is featured on  KMJNOW for  CyberMonday sales. Check out the story here: 
I hate walmart
 madisonbjordan Walmart for 20 dollars🤗
In search of 4 Hatchimals 2 pink 2 blue walmart price!
 NYNatAttack  Walmart  A_FarScape I'm still wondering where my order is?!? My transaction was completed for the advertised products/goods
If anyone's curious mr macari is currently at walmart in fuzzy crocs and socks
Like i was in walmart earlier & this lady was like "heyy baby, havnt see you in long time", im lookin like "i have never seen you at all." 🤔
I'm gone take this charger right back to Walmart Cus this shit don't work at all
Not letting shitty Walmart people ruin my whole day
Like look it up on THEY HAVE OVO 10s WHY.
I liked a  YouTube video from  blastphamousm Black Friday 2016 Walmart Crazy Fights Compilation REACTION!
Walmart: Save Up to  45! Complete Collection of Disney Princesses - 11 Dolls, Royal Dreams Castle +More

Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <?sSU> 
 cassmxd just got home babe- you still at the library? I can pick you up, we'll just go to Walmart from there
& let me tell you something: a jar of maple almond butter is actually  12 at Publix. Maybe  9 at Walmart
Target, Walmart Lead Top 10 Adopters of  Solar Energy

 antbetz  cheryl_niemeyer  jvcarroll  Walmart  CNN  FoxNews  MSNBC  NECN  the_hood_guru    NOW WE GOT A WAR!!!!
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <5j4K> 
 press14heze dude gloves are like  1 at Walmart. Hats & scarves like  2 or  3. You can get a good bit for a little!
Cyber Monday is here! Check out these great tips from  Forbes who tells us who has the best deals!  cyber  monday… 
. Walmart: Nobody should lose their job because they're too sick to work. Adopt a healthy sick leave policy now! 
✨✔😘😘Defeat The Ghost For Me! 👻 Walmart☃️:Follow Danielle!  CoinDrop

I just walked away from the banana nut bread at Walmart and almost started crying
Someone take me to Walmart  alreadyspent70  whynotspendmore 
My brother stole something from Walmart she whooped his ass 
How you buy something at 1 walmart but can't exchange it for  a different size at another one just because 1 sold it cheaper  walmartsucks
Bro..... why the OVO 10's at Walmart??? I don't trust it💀  Walmart 
 NYNatAttack  Walmart can't handle their own business, maybe the government can help. Let's get the media involved too  CNN  MSNBC  FoxNews
Went back to check this w/ computer maps. Nearest gas stations are 8 min, 8 min & 11 min. 19 min to Dollar General… 
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
I liked a  YouTube video from  infinitecrysis CALLING WALMART WITH A SANTA SOUNDBOARD
 Walmart What if the store is not accepting it in its full packaging?
Digestive Health 
Mom: What's the  40 powder in your sephora cart?
Me: Highlighter
Dad:  40? We could get a pack of those for a dollar at walmart
Went to Walmart before work.. bought a belt & some other shit. Put the other shit in the car.
When I lived in SoCal I went up to San Fran 2 meet a guy i met online, we went to a walmart at 11 pm to get condoms and we where so horny.
 Nicci_Rose We appreciate your feedback and apologize for the long wait. Did you happen to alert management regarding this matter? -Kat
Glory!  nofilter  sunset  westtexassky  glory  thankful  1000gifts   Walmart Abilene - State… 
I lost Dom in Walmart and I felt the same panic I do when I loose Gigi
this lady just went out of her way in walmart just to tell me that i was beautiful & i was waiting for ashton to come running out tbh
Walmart: Play-Doh 60th Anniversary Celebration 60-Pack for  9.94 
In class my teacher asked where girls get there clothes & this girl dead ass said Walmart 💀
How about a 55 inch 4K TV for under  500? 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <Bu\X> 
I'm at  Walmart in Cinnaminson, NJ 
 _babybrat  grateful_alice idk whats considered drug store but mines at walmart its called covergirl 3 in 1 foundation
 Walmart ....it soon, will Wal-Mart get involved and help me?
 skylar_faith I bet stephenville Walmart doesn't hold a million people at once
ya sister isn't ya sister until you see her in Walmart and give her some money cause you haven't seen her since Friday 😂❤️  taleacovington_
 NYNatAttack  cheryl_niemeyer  jvcarroll  Walmart they are ignoring us. Let's get the media involved  CNN  FoxNews  MSNBC  NECN
 15 off Any  100 Gift Card Purchase {Walmart, Target, Starbucks and MORE!}   CyberMonday… 
They be having that strong out here forreal tho.. car just rode by me in Walmart and I bout took off my damn self on a contact
Is it bad to go to Walmart in pajama pants if your sick? ... asking for a friend
Walmart: Xbox One S Game Bundle,  40 Walmart Gift Card, + 4k Movie just  249 shipped 
if you game poke-walmart correctly (buy 10 balls, then sell rhem back), infinite premiere balls
I say "fight me" a lot for someone 5'1" who can barely carry a case of water out of Walmart..
Cops Shoot,  Kill Man Outside  Kansas Walmart - Nov 28   6:42 PM ET  
suddenly i'm at walmart. this places induces a fugue state.
 Walmart I did--nobody at Walmart would/could do anything to help.  It was a completed order and Walmart just breached it. I don't want  !!
I want a pattie pie but I don't feel like going to Walmart.
There's a 'People of Walmart' page but I think Im going to make a 'People of Southgate Mall' bc u wouldn't believe what ppl wear to the mall
Nerf Modulus Recon Battlescout Blaster for  19 + pickup at Walmart - 
 NYNatAttack  Walmart  the_hood_guru same happened to me  CNN  FoxNews  MSNBC  NECN  shoddybusinesspractice
 Walmart I sent a item back to a 3rd party seller & they received it already. But so far I haven't received my refund! If I don't receive...
 Walmart he radios another manager 28m later I am still waiting to get my site to store item. I promise to give you all my business  amazon
 itsme__nene because when it was time for her to play with my cousin in walmart she didn't so tell that bitch stop stunting
Remember when our elementary schools made a field trip out of going to Walmart and McDonald's HA
Want to win Win a  100 Walmart Gift Card A Giveaway Promote® Giveaway Comp? I just entered to win and you can too. 
 lowtax  SwiftOnSecurity  amazon you can get these at Walmart so not only is there everything else they're also super overpriced
Due to a PR fiasco, Walmart no longer offers Cunt.
O MY GOD I HAVE TO CALL WALMART BoeingCK
 TheTalk the videos you showed on black Friday the undisclosed Walmart was in El Paso,TX and it happened last year. Not proud
i'm so over working at walmart
Pls if anyone stops U in the parking lot of a mall ,Walmart or the home depot and ask if u're interested in some... 
 JerissicaH Walmart
 NYNatAttack  FoxNews  CNN  MSNBC  Walmart  shoddybusinesspractice we need to get the media and government involved.
 Walmart Associate said 2 people called out so only 1 person was working in the area. Could have used more help.
I just entered to  win a  100 Walmart Gift Card. Have you entered?  free  sweeps 
but they didn't, and i went hard on my brakes but my shitty  70 walmart bike had equally shitty brakes
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART 
Need to hit Walmart later I need to rack up on hella shit
Waited 50 mins to get my site to store item  Walmart . Finally I go find a manager and he tells me the scissor lift is his main concern
Now Walmart really has to compete on Amazon’s turf.  retail
 Walmart is the distributor no manufacturer listed. Made in China 
Star Shower Holiday Light COLLECTION at Walmart –  18.88 
My GameStop isnt doing anything   midnight for FFXV. Does anyone know if Walmart will be selling the game at midnight? If not digital.  FF15
I just saw German at Walmart playing with balls 😂
Great Walmart commercial with kids on Christmas set to "Freak Out"... 
Fox 2 News: Police pursuit ends on Camp Jackson Road, following shooting at Walmart 
 profearroyo Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 antbetz  Walmart I will do the same. That Walmart twitter feed is so annoying and a joke, they ask a question to your question. WTF.
 omarismyhero let's make it a cropped Walmart turtle neck and we have a deal🙏🏻
when i was in 4th grade i accidentally ran a little kid down with my shit walmart bike
People Of Walmart: 20 Funny Photos Where Weirdness Rules. via  LifeBuzzNews
 Retweet  Stroller  Pet Stroller 4.5 x 8 inch Wheel 
E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now Walmart really has to compete on Amazon’s turf. 
Rachael Ray 16 piece Cookware Set only  98!!!! via Everyone Loves Couponing - Hurry to Walmart for ... 
 CassandraTx We're sorry for the wait. This time of the year can produce more activity than usual. We appreciate your patience. -Nici
Well this Walmart don't have 2k....looks like I'm on a mission now...9
I love Walmart 
My life is so good today that my earring got ripped out in Walmart and is bleeding and won't stop 😊
I hate Walmart so much
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
FREE Barilla Pesto With Overage At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** FREE Barilla Pesto With ... 
 erikaxbatista he's currently fighting with an Employee at Walmart because the prices in the store aren't Black Friday pricing
So, when I take Reeves to Walmart he's not the average kid that wants to look at toys. He rather look at the clothes.
old navy, target, carters, & crazy8 actually have really cute clothes for the little ones & target/walmart have pre… 
 15 off Any  100 Gift Card Purchase **Walmart, Publix, Target, and More** via SwagGrabber - ... 
There are kids screaming and crying all over Walmart. I know now more than ever that I do NOT want kids 🙅🏾
 bustle  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble
 Movies  MMA… 
Currently at Walmart... I snuck away to look at the book section..
Enter here to win a  100 Walmart gift card from  WaterWipesUSA  contest  WaterWipesWalmart
 WaterWipesWalmart are available in  Walmart retailers nationwide!  contest Look for your closest retailer here: 
Follow  WaterWipesUSA, the world's purest baby wipe, for info on chemical free wipes!  WaterWipesWalmart  contest 
Rah it's like Black Friday in Walmart 
Minecraft Mini-Figure Storage Case + 10 Figures Under  20 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
Holiday Outdoor Inflatables only  19.88 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money ... 
 antiangie it's still at Walmart! 
Police pursuit ends on Camp Jackson Road, following shooting at Walmart 
Walmart's better tracking for recalled items is a wonderful first step  via  computerworld
 BeastOf_Beauty by walmart
 N_to_the_OAH 20 bucks and grab somethin cheap from target walmart or 5 below lol
Need a reason to go roam around Walmart. 🤔
My sister took the cord to ps4 and monitor. I had to spend  15 on cords. We went to walmart, bestbuy, radio shack, and gamestop lmao,
 A_FarScape  Walmart We need to get the government involved with this  shoddybusinesspractice. Filing consumer claims with BBB & FTC.
 Walmart your feedback form doesn't recognize your own store in zip code 00780 so I can't submit it. Brilliant!
My local Walmart's main entrance door still has this label. Not sure if they are too lazy to… 
 antbetz  Walmart us customers are not united so it is hard to get Walmart to stop its illegal sales tactic.
I need to go to Walmart,
work at walmart 
Groceries! (at  Walmart in Madison, WI) 
Going to Walmart just to get milk knowing it's all the way in the back of the store. 
 SugarAnd_Spice_ ITS LIT! Vamos a Walmart when I get home,
Scotch Thermal Laminator  14.97 at Walmart.… 
An old man at Walmart paid for me and SJ's groceries and it just warmed my heart and it gave me so much hope that good people still exist
 antbetz  Walmart I am damaged  30 because I was going to buy 10. Now a class action lawsuit will cost more than  30,
FREE Barilla Pesto With Overage At Walmart! 
all boils down to a walmart bag
My mom is currently looking at the baby department in Walmart for Christmas sweaters for her dog...SOS
Walmart legit smells like onions 24/7
KPLR: Police pursuit on ends Camp Jackson Road, following shooting at Walmart 
 NASCARin79 We apologize for the oversight. Did you let customer service know the sign was incorrect? -Zoe
 mwsuccess02 We're sorry to hear that. Have you tried contacting the manufacturer? -Nici
 RyanHigginsRyan  Walmart  FedEx just imagine how much fun the truck drivers kids are having though
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <p[7<> 
G_Quality Assurance Associate B1 - Walmart - New Caney, TX  job  career  jobsearch  jobs  USA
Never take me and my friends to Walmart bc we gonna do THIs😂❤️ 
Going to Walmart after work! 
Went to Walmart and some girl was bragging that she goes to jeca.......😐😐😐
 antbetz  Walmart Which is exactly why we need Trump in office.
Apparently an employee at Walmart got caught masturbating in frozen ... I'm so done
Couponing at Walmart: FREE  5.00 Walmart eGift Card w/ 15 Energizer Battery Purchase via Couponing ... 
 antbetz  Walmart Very very shrewd of Walmart. It has to be illegal to do that. Walmart may have given Obama money to look the other way
Hoes be so quick to get smart at Walmart and fuck up bitch I've worked at four Walmart I believe I know what I'm talking about
Hate these people in Walmart they keep coming to my line to buy stuff like wtf!!!
 Walmart and can you sponser me
 NolanR look like the type of lady to complain that Walmart doesn't have enough scooter carts
Y the heck is there a million ppl at Walmart rn????
Samsung Evo 128GB UHS-I microSDXC Memory Card for  25 + pickup at Walmart Sale

 Coupons

Read more: 
I really would much rather be at home decorating my house than be sitting here at Walmart 🙄🙄🙄🙄😑
 JadeNiccole Hi Jade - Walmart gift cards can be used for in store purchases. Please contact your local store for any restrictions. -Nici
I seriously hate being in Walmart😩
When did walmart start playing music
Walmart General Merchandise 4 Pallet Special - 
 StefanMolyneux We should ban machetes though. They've become a weapon of choice for terrorists and you can buy one at Walmart for  15.
 antbetz  Walmart even though it is advertised online as an in-store item only.
Heard  andygrammer  GoodToBeAlive during a Walmart commercial!
Chanel vs Walmart
 ChanelVsWalmart 
 Lindseykupfer  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble  Movies… 
 KyleMiller13 We're pleased to hear that the issue has been resolved. Thanks for letting us know. -Kat
 XboxMadHatter reports from Walmart sound promising tho.
And in Walmart of all places.
 minarii2525 well I'm at walmart I go where the wind takes me
MEET ME BEHIND WALMART SO I CAN KICK YOUR ASS  danisnotonfire
 antbetz  Walmart said that since the item is not available online that it can't be sold at the advertised price, even though it is a in sto
Get a great holiday  recipe & enter this  25 eGift Card from  Walmart  giveaway  christy41970 US/CAN ends 12/6 
Reminder: the weapon used today in the attack can be bought at Walmart for roughly 15 -40   endmacheteviolence  allowcampuscarry  OhioState
 Walmart. Thanks for being so useless. Id love a call from Corp to tell you about my experience with store 01712
 Walmart honestly couldn't tell you. Just want a new heater that won't die on me
Walmart run then home
 JohnFlickster I can't go into Walmart now without thinking of your videos and I chuckle to myself. Don't forget to smell the bike tires!
 AskTarget You are really letting me down. Odd return policies, 2 day holds for orders (2 days?). Walmart better than Target? Appears so.
Let me put you up on a good way to scam headphones from Walmart on the low low. Joanne could never 
*my mom looking at little girl dresses in Walmart* 
*glares at me* 
"you used to be little, now you're all big and stupid"
Are You Shopping for Cyber Monday???  CyberMonday  Shopping  Cyber
 mondayMotivation  Walmart  dominos  RandomPolls 😁
 antbetz  Walmart I am back. You are absolutely right, the customer service lady scanned it, looked at my print out and said
My mom just had my name called at Walmart's customer service
Can't stop online shoppinggggggggggggggggggggg  AmazonObsessed   BestBuy  Walmart  KohlsGotItToo  PrimeYaBish… 
 primusisaac at least i didnt bring a bike to walmart
The tapo car wash is full of thiefs they stole my moms charger and grandmas handicapped plack so the can park at the front at Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lehigh Acres, FL 
 Walmart thanks for fast shipping
You can find the IllumiBowl at  Walmart!  PeeHappy  ChristmasGift 
Don't feel like going to Walmart when I get off
Get the Secret Life of Pets DVD FREE from Walmart!!

"Walmart - Walmart is a bunch of thieves!!!!" 
5:30 out off Walmart
 Walmart it appears to be working now.  No need for incognito.  Thanks!
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <`I<v> 
 100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaways!  US, 11/30

I'm alway properly dressed for Taco Bell and Walmart.
 Shannoncomtois7 should of went to Walmart 😂😂😂
Accidentally stole some eggs from Walmart. 

I walk on the wild side. 
y'all i have a walmart bag on my head
Ngl, I almost got stolen by a pimp at that Walmart 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! It's FREE money!
 Resepsy  noobde I got it from Barnes and Noble for  7. Target and Walmart also have I believe. Just search Blades and Battle Collection
Anyone feel free to pick up Daniel from Walmart because there's no guarantee I'm bringing him back 😒
Waking through Walmart, and I keep asking myself "Do people like this really exist?"
Ran to Walmart to get some water purifier for our class fish because I'm pretty sure he's dying. NOT TODAY, BUBBLES. NOT TODAY.
If anyone see's my mom at Walmart tell her my toothbrush is running out of batteries
 SweetDeeMFC I asked my mom for a Walmart gift card so I could use it on dish soap, toilet paper, etc 😂
 ColinHypebeast Check here 
Chantilly Pkwy ifo walmart
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? Pay Pal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 11/30/16 
I'm loving this  recipe for No-Bake Peanut Butter Bars  ad  PioneerWoman... by  familyfocusblog via  c0nvey
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart;'


 ggemfm  yak_face  jeradchil which Walmart? The one in south Fremont always looks like the poster child for bad Hasbro distribution.
Gonna go to Walmart and buy a new bathroom set then go get jasmine from work
 ReTweet  Specials  Ozark Trail Girls Houndstooth Winter Boot 
Walmart Cyber Week 2016 Deals Online Sales — Walmart’s Most Coveted & Elusive Cyber Week Deals…… 
 Walmart  NintendoAmerica Wasted my time during Black Friday for the Nintendo 3DS limited. They didn't even have wh… 
CYBER MONDAY IS HERE!  Here's the best deals out there. 
Fuck West Mifflin Walmart!!! Pieces Of Shit!!! Fire Me Before My Coaching Go Away And Before 2 Major Holidays!
 Riley9807 dude. same. but just discovered walmart sells them CHEAP.
Came to buy two things outta Walmart ended up leaving with a cart full of shit😖
Walmart: TODAY! Pie Face Showdown Game  12.49 (reg.  24.86)  kids  games  cybermondaydeals 
This guy just walked up to mom and I at Walmart and starting complaining about how much his bag of nuts were 😂😂
I guess Walmart is in the shoe game... 
Lmaooo my mama didnt know Alecias name so she came home talking about "I seen your friend Ripple Deep at Walmart the other day"
Video de skate – Walmart Board Game of Ska…  skate Nuevo post en 
 deadlykarma01 We apologize for the inconvenience. Please contact our Help Desk at for assistance. Thanks. -Nici
Walmart rotisserie chicken packaging pple with your upside down chicken packing.  youjustmadethelist  stupididiot
Suspects Sought in Theft from Lincoln County Walmart Store - WHKY =--
 Jbeard7212 I wonder if our new Walmart has that...?
This nigga holding up the line at Walmart returning tissue
Apparently  Walmart /  FedEx "lost" my NES Classic shipment. 
Walmart leveraging IBM Blockchain technology to increase food safety 
Deja just grabbed my ass in Walmart and I fell to the floor laughing so hard
Can someone drive me to Walmart... it's for a star machine emergency
 wcax Julie Kelly great piece on St. Albans downtown redevelopment.  "Walmart was the catalyst".
Maaaaaan..... The ish you will see at some Walmart's...... lol 
Why is NOBODY ever in a hurry to do anything at  Walmart ??
Bro pulled up playin 50 Cent "many men" wit all black on talkin bout he need me to help him find somebody.. dawg I just need a ride Walmart
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
Some Walmart flip phone 
Since it's 2016, Walmart is live-streaming Cyber Monday 
 Ecommerce BOOMS for  BlackFriday  US  italy 
Time to fight w people of Walmart
 jrobin83  Walmart that's what I heard
Samsung Evo 128GB UHS-I microSDXC Memory Card for  25 + pickup at Walmart - 
Listen, these seniors are sick of Walmart's shit.
I was wearing my DBZ shirt and the dude at Walmart was like your shirt and we actually had a small talk about DBS it was nice
Black Friday shopping at target and Walmart woo baby those are some fantastic deals  BraswellErin  tessa_greenn… 
I literally can walk into walmart and i will lose all signal, guess ill have to get used to that lol 
Ever get a feeling you being watched?  

Im in Walmart parking lot.... look up and some lil girl is all in my car
I hate everything about Walmart.
Walmart sells great accessorizing pieces. I have several necklaces that I get compliments on all the time  5.88. 
 PRT  Specials  Ozark Trail Girls Houndstooth Winter Boot Exclusive Color 
I really don't like Walmart deli food but their BBQ chicken is so good
Moving is for sure worse than Herpies, burning your tongue, running out of Coffee, and going to Walmart during prim… 
 iameuurica I got em from Walmart but amazon probably have a better deal
to the hot 24 year old lookin men walking around Walmart with all yalls groceries in hand. They make buggys for y'all.
 Scumsix_ u can buy them at our Walmart by us, u should check yours hamie
 Walmart Wal-Mart is Upping the Ante in Online Fight (Walmart, TGT) 
 Walmart  mamipam__  Sounds about right. You will get NOTHING like the rest of us... Lousy customer service!!! 
Ok the light in front of WalMart made traffic SO MUCH WORSE
i think i just started a turf war at walmart
Recode: E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now Walmart really has to compete on Amazon’s… 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <W=ym> 
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats Give cookies as gifts  ad 
"Bought the shirt so guys can't say I'm wearing a plain white shirt from Walmart this shit preme foh we ain't broke" -cam
 bitternthensome  Walmart that's unsatisfactory. They obviously can't handle running a business. The government needs to intervene.
That kid is getting murdered next door  WalmartLog  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
Channel vs Walmart 
 _ASAPJD_ Went fast. As far as any other deals, check this out 
Can Somebody Pretty Please Bring Me A Red Pack Of Cookies From Walmart ? 😭🙏
I saw Elder Oaks and his wife at Walmart 😊
playin with Star Lewinsky black cunt in walmart 
 iAM_TQ flowers worse then walmart
 EmmDreams  kelseyxryann 

1. Walmart
2. Sheets
3. Kroger
Recode : E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now Walmart really has to compete on Amazon’… 
 I_luv_my_Braves Sorry to hear about this unpleasant packaging the kitchen set came in, Ash. Gald to hear the issue has been resolved. -Kat
 MatRemillard We're sorry to hear about the cancelled order. Visit so we can check it out. -Zoe
 itss_me_b it's baaad. my manager got called racists yest. for not wanting to exchange a Walmart curtain rod. 💀 bih were Dollar General!
My secret for this skillet chocolate chip cookie -->  ad  Holidayswithbetty 
E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now Walmart really has to compete on Amazon’s turf.

Walmart doesn't have any Edy's ice cream, in case you needed a reason to cry tonight.
Making some Betty Crocker Chocolate Chip Cookies for the holidays!  yum  foodporn  freshcookies  bakewithbetty  ad… 
 antbetz  Walmart worst part is they got me twice in two days.  1ce for a price error and then losing another order that is out of stock now
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Whitehall, OH 
Guys!! The tree is up at walmart again. Please make a kid's christmas and pick a kid in need!!!☺️
I spent 20 mins looking for Walmart before I found it. Then when I get home to eat thanksgiving leftovers, the gravy isn't in my bags 😑😑😑
my grandma just told me i wouldn't last a day doing her job....... she works at walmart....
Bonding with fellow puppy parents in the dog aisle of Walmart lol
Samsung 32″ 720p 60Hz LED HDTV +  50 Walmart Gift Card –  153.94 shipped at 
 PRT  Specials  Arrow Fastener Co. T50VP Heavy Duty Staple Gun Kit 
 OGsmith  Walmart yeah they cost extra🔥
Walmart worker says to some guy "Diet Coke is worse than regular coke you know". Dude turns around pissed  "im a diabetic you know"
 sundyst  theshoeless  Walmart that's what I've heard. It's crazy!
honestly i bought a straightener in 5th grade from wAlmart for like  25 and it lasted me up until this summer i am still shook to this day
 Walmart Can you please tell us why you're selling a product with the price higher than original MSRP of  60? 
Check Out Ellen's Walmart Greeter Emoji Exploji! | via  TheEllenShow
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
Was bout to holla at the lil hoe in Walmart.... Then she opened her mouth
Andy's header always reminds me of good times at Walmart
ladies, if he claims  LawrenceHive, just know there's a chocolate Walmart cashier plotting on him every time he comes to her line.
 sasha_narvaez Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Bruhhhh I do not wanna go to Walmart again....
Recode: E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now Walmart really has to compete on Amazon’s turf.
…
 cjzero  FatKidDeals  Walmart says out of stock.....
Dreading going to Walmart 😩😩😩
Mother Daughter Day 💕😅   Walmart Murfreesboro - Old Fort Pkwy 
 bitternthensome  Walmart we shouldn't be pushed aside while try attempt to get their lies in order. They need to honor what's advertised
Re/code- E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now Walmart really has to compete on Amazon’s turf.

 DEEZNUTSDVNO butter from Walmart meatballs from Whole Foods but apparently they sell it at other places too
 TheMojoMissy Walmart  ItWasThisOne 
 Walmart and nothing will happen.
 patschampions We're so happy to hear it. Thank you for letting us know. Have a great day. -Nici
Love quick & fun cookie recipes?  BakewithBetty has all you need.  ad  myvernajean
 KylieJenner when is your food brand coming out ??  Walmart brand move over amirite ???? 😘😘😘👏👌👌👌👌
 antbetz  Walmart alright ill go there right now  boycottwalmart
weight loss pills walmart 
I decided to stop at a Walmart to resupply on groceries. Coming to a stoplight to turn into the parking lot, I slide.
Man cleaning gun in car at MO Walmart accidentally shoots himself 
Where To Buy Phytoceramides: GNC, Walmart or Walgreens? - 
 Khomani_ its ard they live around the corner 😂 & I couldn't do the pick up for the closest walmart to me it was unavailable
When college girls send you nudes in that little mirror they get from Walmart for  11.99 >> 🔥🔥
All year long! All Gift cards 75% cash! Won't find any better price.  target  BestBuy  Kmart  VictoriaSecret  cubfoods  gamestop  Walmart
I went to Walmart for coffee, coffee creamer, and Lysol wipes.. I leave after spending  200 and basically buying everything in the store.. 😭
 bitternthensome  Walmart visit their websites. On the front page there options to file consumer complaints. Let's get big brother involved.
 nellligans  FeldmanAdam Not every student would carry. Only if you are licensed should you consider it. Not every1 carries at Walmart
There's so many people staring me down at Walmart with this fake baby in my cart
I'll  feelbetterfromtoptobottom when I win this  walmart gift card from  bekahchica! 
 PRT  Specials  Hamilton Beach White Classic Drink Mixer 727WS 
Best Walmart Cyber Monday Deals include  199 iPad min 2 32GB  IPAD
I lost my mom in the Walmart parking lot.That was scary 😂😂😭 
 JPOnYourRadio  Rymongo This had to be at Walmart!  SoGross
Looks like I'll be waiting for Justin to get home before I attempt Walmart.
*Leaving Walmart*
6 year old sister: "oh my gosh, OH MY GOSH, mom I just saw George Washington"
Little boy walks up to me at Walmart and says "Ooh why ya got so much ramen??" The world hasn't hit him yet.
I'm in Walmart and don't see the tins of popcorn. This is not good; can it be Christmas without them?
Meanwhile there's another Walmart shooting.  gunsense 
My grandpa left my sick ass at Walmart 😭😒🤒
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 _TheRealMalikk 😂😂 no this women piss me tf off in walmart
They was just on sale at Walmart Black Friday chileeeeee I grabbed me four of them 😂😂😂😂😂 
S/O to Walmart for just charging me for bags.
 SportsGuy_83 Walmart sells guns
 avxnger literally chanel v walmart
Walmart Deli chicken is so underrated
Walmart & amazon have complaints for selling used merch. groupon also included
gives Amazon stronger holiday competition  ecommerce  eretailer via… 
Since it's 2016, Walmart is live-streaming Cyber Monday  tech 
 At  Walmart:  Select  Goody®  hair  brushes - Save  2.00 on Any variety. Excludes  Goody® Ouchless® Girls brush.... 
 johnpm time to take it down. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide click click boom
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <cODy> 
 antbetz  Walmart any ideas how to file these complaints? I've never had to do it before
The Black Mario 3DS IS BoeingCK IN STOCK! GO! 


 PRT  Specials  Arrow Brentwood Steel Arrow Shed 5x4 
The Walmart on Greenwood sucks 💀  Walmart get your customer service up
 an_Piobaire Please keep checking back for additional offers. Thank you. (2/2) -Nici
 CNNPolitics These aren't Walmart prices, Pres.Elect Trump
 keirnansmommy we are almost to the Illinois line I gota go to Walmart when we get in town so prolly like 730 ish
 Walmart every time I try to do local pickup my order is canceled 2 mins later sayin my cc info is wrong.Why is this happening?please advise
With Walmart guns and shit 😭😭 
 QueenAimee  theshoeless try I hear they release a few every day at 3. But, you have to be ninja fast to get one.
Walmart busted for  WageTheft. Again.  1u via  guardian
I got the last 2 at Walmart. Selling them on ebay as soon as I pay my dues 
Awful experience  Walmart Receive a notification my order is ready. The store then doesn't have it and the item is out of stock and no help!
 FoxNews  CNN  MSNBC might want to check out how many consumers  Walmart is taking advantage of. They are not honoring what they advertise.
😆😆😆  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
We went into that Walmart together and came out different people
Customers at my work are a lot nicer than they were at Walmart
 KataLegs walmart!
This guy I always go to see at walmart* 
 cdd4602  Daraidernation Walmart's website I believe the day before Thanksgiving. Site to store came in today.
Pro tip: when parking at Walmart don't park near the lights or you car will be shit on by at least 10 birds. 🙄
Check out my photo of Walmart Grocery PickUp: I tried it free (or with a discount). 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Virginia Beach, VA 
 canwejdb lucky!! Even though Walmart is so ghetto its got everything you need lmao
'Tis the season for feeling guilty for not giving money to the charity people in front of Walmart. Ugh
PSA: the popcorn chicken from the Walmart deli is decent.
WTF Sights At Walmart! 
 MrsBRob blind. Probably why she married me, she can't see. 😂  RRRpc 🤓   Walmart Houston - 3450…... 
 FoxNews check out the scams  Walmart are running. They are ripping off consumers and are exercising  shoddybusinesspractice.
What's happening? 🤔 Jordan's at Walmart. Wtf is going on.
 MrsBRob blind. Probably why she married me, she can't see. 😂  RRRpc 🤓   Walmart Houston - 3450… 
 OriginalFunko  Walmart omg I want this so bad!! It's beautiful!!! 😍
Walmart. Come on. One person at the service center.
 an_Piobaire We're sorry for the inconvenience. Due to high demand, sometimes items sell out while processing the order. (1/2) -Nici
Wal*Mart courageously pursues self-driving shopping carts 
 JustTifa_ girl but Walmart ain't have what he wanted the walkable dog
2 women wanted by Lincoln County deputies after allegedly stealing money from Denver Walmart. DETAILS:  wccb  crime
 WageTheft is a real problem in California. This ruling is not the end of the case, but still progress: 
Im waiting in Walmart in line in electronics and I was next and a lady is just like 'well technically I'm next cause I grabbed him'
CyberMonday Deals!  Walmart  Visual_Land Tablets Under  50! while supplies last  CyberMonday 
ajoshuadun is the walmart version of joshuadunu
 Walmart  the_hood_guru Because they SUCK!!! 
Braun Series 7 790cc-4 Electric Foil Shaver w/ Clean & Charge Station  109 + Free Shipping 
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
Walmart has bags of food for under  5 that go to the food bank & u can see what's in them & assure it goes to the right place. Amazing.
lmao even Walmart had to get on it  dead 
 caitlinkay_13 we have Christmasy ones at Walmart and I want all of them 😂
I just wanna know how tf somebody drove into the ditch by Walmart and Wendy's in BG😂😂😂
 avxnger i WAS GONNA TWEET ST LIKE THIS LIKE "chanel v walmart"
What kind of world do we live in where couples are popping each other's pimples in public... maybe it's just Walmart but still  comeonman
Wat Walmart y'all at 
i bought a tv stand at walmart at like 11 and it says my order will be fulfilled by 245, here we are at 615 with no email that its ready
Chanel vs Walmart (? 
Retailing Giant Walmart is Selling  18,000 Dollar Cartier Watches Online (...And Rolex's Too) -… 
 CNET  tech Play-Doh Super Color 40-Pack for  13 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
 Walmart and you all never sent a notice of cancellation therefore your policy is void and must uphold the pricing and the item bought!
abilify coupons & buy abilify generic & side effects of abilify & abilify cost walmart 
lmas in Walmart when I took this the sales person stared at me 😂😂 I wonder what he would do if I did a musical.ly 😂 
LEGO Classic 1,500-Piece Large Creative Box for  50 + pickup at Walmart… 
Is there anybody that works at target or Walmart that can possibly set aside one of the new nes classics for me?
 Jadaking__ i might stop to walmart 😩
 cheryl_niemeyer  jvcarroll  Walmart  antbetz 
Same here!! They are ignoring us!!! 
Weirdest item in Walmart 
Out of all the people I had to see in Walmart at that time I see my former coach. 😒
 NoelNiks  Vxstin walmart chy
 Walmart keep calling store to check and see if both items are ready - rude woman keeps putting me on hold and not coming back
Read my review of Walmart Grocery PickUp: I tried it free (or with a discount). 
 Walmart find my order .
 creativitybooster: Auto-post personal bonus at Walmart. TOP 10 ideas:  growthhacking  entrepreneur
 Walmart i've order it 2 times and it said it was going to be here today and nothing. still processing and when i called the store couldn't
Wait,  Walmart doesn't carry  tacobell Spicy Ranchero Sauce anymore? Thanks Obama ... err Trump ... err 2016! 
Up Walmart we me nigga mook fresh home
 the_hood_guru If you need to contact your seller for help, you can email the seller within "My Account" on our website. 2/2 -Zoe
 Walmart I placed an order for store pickup. Got an email that "the rest of my items are available" but it only lists 1 of the 2 things (1/3
Merry Christmas to me! Thank you  Walmart.  Walmartwine 
Heading to  Walmart fuck  Target  target 

 hoodlife 
It sucks pretty bad living near a walmart that's always out of ammo
 Weegeetnik  _SrPelo_ Saw Christmas shit on Walmart during the first few days of November. It was on November 6.

ITS WAAAYYYYY TOO EARLY!!!
Hey me and my sis are going to be doing the whisper challenge its going to be a late upload cuz she has to run to Walmart I'm pretty exited
 FightsOnVine  KIDSDlRTYJOKES Walmart seems like a breeding ground for fighting. I can't believe there aren't fights constantly back to back
Chipotle Delivered? Yep
Groceries from Walmart? Yep
Just about anything? Yep

We deliver whatever. Check us out 
I really don't wanna go to Walmart alone 🙃
I'll have Walmart lit lmao
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 biebsmemep oh we have Walmart here!! Only 2 i think hahahaha one is near to my house, but it isnt too big🤔
 Walmart Thanks.
Walking in Walmart let's see what I see for Erin
Walmart need my playlist fuck all this weird shit
 mamipam__ Hi. We'd like to assist you? Can you give us a little more information? -Nici
Two weeks after release  Walmart dropped the price gouging on the NES.  Was 499.99 !!! 
im sad i played the crane game at walmart and lost 
Somebody take me to Walmart
Lmfao me every time I goto Walmart 😂 
Black Friday was a let down this year. Walmart didn't have any good movies on sale  blackfriday
 WithoutConsequencesIWould smoke hella weed in various places , like the workplace , Walmart , etc etc
Reno police say no charges will be filed at this point in the deadly Thanksgiving shooting at the 2nd Street Walmart.
 Walmart Boycott Walmart! Promised delivery by 11/25. Didn't receive it and Walmart won't respond!!!!
 the_hood_guru We apologize. The seller is listed as OJ Commerce LLC. These sellers have their own cancellation policies. 1/2 -Zoe
45 minutes to get to the front of the  Walmart online order pickup. There was an additional 10 minutes waiting for a manager.
Tim
Never had a losing season.
Still wears clothes outta Walmart so his money always gonna be long.
If there's a ba… 
 canwejdb it sucks. I wish they had a target tho or Walmart here 😂
 CyberMonday: The Best  Deals of the  HolidaySeason are Here    Walmart! ( )  Toys  Gifts  Electronics  VideoGames
WTF YOU LIVE NEXT TO WALMART AND WORK IN A FUCKING WATERPARK YOU CAN BUY FOOD 
New on Ebay!Star Wars in the USA Star Wars Black Series 6" WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMT… 
The people at Walmart "your car smells like weed" bitch mind your business and change my oil that's all you need to do lol
The best Cyber Monday deals from Amazon, Walmart, Target, Kohl’s and more  latestnews
Derm Exclusive Free Gift: Cyber Monday - 
Let's do this - CP holiday train here we come 7pm rolls in   st.clair and Runnymede behind walmart. Daily bread foo… 
 mjtaylorx I'm on the way... Walmart run 💀
 princessshenk caught up with last weeks podcast. I laughed at the way you described the Walmart cashier lol. Any Pumpkin pie left overs ?
My latest for IT Business: Walmart Canada tests 3D printed products in time for Christmas 
Walmart full of shit
Congratulations to  Walmart for selling the worst incense in all of recorded history.  calledout  BadBusiness… 
 GregaMortis thanks for sharing the good word on  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Nobl… 
Best Holiday Timesaver -->    ad  Holidayswithbetty
I liked a  YouTube video from  zackgoesbraap WALMART GAVE US THE BOOT, COP LOOKED DRUNK AF (DUI)
I was just invited to the back-right of the walmart parking lot to go hang with this guy and his dog that live out of his subie there.....😷
Got all the way in Walmart and forgot what I even came here for smh lol
Walmart flow
 realjessamica92 Me, too! But, you ever had to Walmart or your other grocery store, look for the Balsamic Vinegarette dressing by KRAFT!
 amazon vs  Walmart vs  BestBuy Tried to buy  SonyElectronics PSP 3000 online. No one had it except  amazon. Sold.
Going to Walmart for an external hard drive. I need you guys to lift me up in prayer so I don't leave out with anything more.
I got Reese's bag. Mmm diabetes.  LOL  US  UK  Canada  Australia  Walmart  
No matter which kind of bag you already own (Coach, MK, Prada, Walmart) you need to add this… 
im not gna lie when i first started mca i only made  1000 a week but that WAY better then working in walmart for  7.75/hr!
Walmart popin right now!
Forreal

Walmart >> Target
. RenoPolice say no charges are anticipated for the Thanksgiving night shooting in a Walmart parking lot:… 
Me pissed at Aaron cuz he won't shut up in Walmart.. 
He farts, I laugh 
"Ha- ha mommy I make you happy" 😒😂😂
Ebates, Ibotta, Walmart savings catcher & Receipt Hog are all very beneficial apps to use! You get money back for purchases!
Hrrmm. Okay, Wal-mart live?  wal-mart Does this really need to be a thing?  live  wal-mart Help, brain is  bleeding.

 goblue2015 it's not hard to use google for most educated folks. Walmart wolverines no withstanding. Good night kid
Startin to think all Walmart employees stand around wit they thumbs up they ass! Fr tho workin at hyvee I know... 
I wish kanye tour merchandise weren't cheap material. Wasted money on Walmart clothing material
Walmart: Mr. Sketch Scented Twistable Crayons Only  2.97 -
 washingtonpost Amazon is do dank great awesome screw best buy staples Walmart fuck them Amazons customeris so superior to the rest
 Walmart where my online order ?!
 SierraRayneee Hi Sierra - We responded. Did you purchase the Product Care Plan with your heater? -Nici
who needs a boyfriend when you can get a full body pillow from Walmart for  12
The gas station, Walmart, & the Apple Store 
dropped my phone in the toilet today at walmart and it's fine .
KitchenAid Artisan 5-qt. Stand Mixer only  205.99 (was  349.99) via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon ... 
Walmart Cyber Monday: Spin Master Games Pop Stream Board Game only  5.97 (reg  29) via Price Match ... 
 GuacJones WHERE THE FUCK ARE THE WALMART PRANKS?!?
 directvnow Where can I pay for 3 months service and get the Apple TV? AT&T stores? Walmart? Online only? May switch from Vue to DirecTV Now
I stand at the door of the men's restroom at Walmart trying to pick up guys.
Fraud victim has 'brutal' 3-year battle with Walmart and Equifax over damaged credit 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <nV=:> 
if i saw blake ariel and nathan at walmart id prolly die 
New high value coupon available!

Couponing at Walmart: FREE  5.00 Walmart eGift Card w/ 15 Energizer Battery Pur..… 
interview at Walmart tomorrow.... gonna be greaaaattt.
Stop selling me shit  WalmartLog  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
Cyber Monday deals 2016: Amazon, Walmart, Best Buy 
Walmart – Play-doh 60th Anniversary Celebration 60-pack just  9.94! -  
walmart, target, walgreens, you name it. 
 MaryPatriotNews My bro has worked at Walmart for years 35to 39 hrs, now he only gets no more than 29 & thats after asking 4 another day
I think they about to put a T-Mobile by Walmart.
Diabetes season: Xmas peppermint kisses  8 at  Walmart. (And Reese's) 2LB bag.  US  UK  Canada  Australia  Candy 
Just went to Walmart to buy Tylenol and vitamins. Am I 23 or 73? 🙃
The Process Of Buying A Home Demands More Than A Walmart Greeter 
 Walmart your cashier rang me up twice for one item. Taking over 30 mins to get refund cause I have to go to customer service wtf
 A_FarScape  Walmart you need to file a claim with the  betterbusinessbureau &  federaltradecommission. They have to honor what's advertised
 rabhioli so far old navy, target, Walmart, smash burger, and Pizza Hut
 ryan_venditti Walmart!
TRAFFIC ALERT: (!!/28 5:00 p.m.) Crash on Wilma Rudolph Blvd. in front of Walmart.
Walmart tripped out.. Got me pushing carts 😒
Question... Which would be the best place to get a reasonable deal on a laptop;Amazon,Best Buy,or Walmart?
Lmk why I'm keep on running into  katiegood97 at Walmart and stop and shop😂😂💘
If you want to make my Christmas great again, fuzzy socks from Walmart are the way to go
Lady in  Walmart clearly wash her face wit di cake soap ‼️
ahhhhhh I stay in Walmart
AMP Energy Drinks Only  0.50 at Walmart! - 
 Walmart I have all the emails printed and I will not stand for this thievery!
FUCK WALMART ONLINE
Little do Cori know I'm only Finna go to Walmart with her cause I want sum food 😂
 huellemeier_22 why you making that at walmart?
Walmart 
 Walmart  jvcarroll I'm filing claims with the  betterbusinessbureau &  federaltradecommission. HONOR WHAT YOU ADVERTISE
Me at school. At walmart. In my phone. At my friend house. Everywhere. 
Black Friday deals helped these retailers beat last year's sales  money  lifehacks
 meinherr  HPluckrose My dad got me into this by adding Sweet Baby Ray's Sweet 'N Spicy sauce, mmmm 
*TODAY ONLY*  15 Off Discounted Gift Cards ~ Including Amazon, Walmart, Starbucks, ... - 
Currently riding around Walmart parking lot with the kids while sissy is inside
 Walmart all this while an order for other items went through. Now TV is no longer available at that price. 2/2
 ItsTooEarlyFor easter decorations at Walmart!
I got The Essential Alice In Chains CD  Walmart and it's pretty cool CD
Marvel Titan Hero Series, 3-Pack – Only  14.88 - more    freebies  giveaway  free
 Walmart what I bought! Trying to cancel my order like I wasn't gonna see it! Get outta here! Send me my table!!!!  upset  fixit
Black Friday deals helped these retailers beat last year's sales  BSAFunds
I always fall for the trap of wanting healthy food, then getting annoyed looking for it at Walmart and buying frozen dinners instead
 _Lightseekers bought 100 dvds for 30 dollars at walmart
MONEY: Black Friday deals helped these retailers beat last year's sales 
 JoeSantagato "People of WalMart part 7" 😂😂😂😂 
When you're this close 👌🏼 to using your pocket knife at Walmart but then I remember that I don't wanna have my baby in jail sooooo 🙃🙃
 bigblueonyou right because working for a university is like walmart🙄 next!
Switching over to the Walmart pharmacy was a shitty choice.
 ValaAfshar  ValaAfshar you spend  75 in return of something!!!!! Its not like people are making donations to macy's and walmart!
 antbetz  jvcarroll  Walmart  Same here!!! 
 Walmart ordered a tv and it was cancelled. Called and allegedly corrected. Reordered and cancelled 5 times. Last time 2 days later.  1/2
my history teacher looks like a walmart version of winn schott,, amazing
Walmart out here sellin 700 dollar shoes 👎🏽
 raquelyeaa walmart
Suspects Sought in Theft from Lincoln County Walmart Store 
Don’t Forget About Walmart’s Deals This Cyber Monday  tcot
 Walmart  profearroyo maybe if the government gets involved with their  shoddybusinesspractice they'll get the picture.
Saving on  Oreo for  santa with this  coupon  Walmart  snackandsave  ad  walmart  OREOcookies… 
 Walmart what I paid for! N that table was for sale on your website for  99.99 if you all cancel that order it's a bunch of bs! Send me
Selena Gomez - Naturally (Walmart Soundcheck) via  YouTube
 Dbeast80 We're sorry for the miscommunication. Please share the details of your experience at Thanks. -Nici
. Walmart has seen minimal change across their self- styled  CyberWeek with . Amazon having 4x as many offers  vs.… 
 antbetz  Walmart I am going to go try it right now, my Walmart is 10 minutes away.
Walmart Coupon Matchups: Week of  11/27/16 - 
 A_FarScape  antbetz  Walmart They haven't responded to me since yesterday!!!!
 Walmart thanks for replying just seeing this now, picked my order up today after receiving an email that it was ready. thanks!
Walmart:  Fisher-Price Luv U Zoo Jumperoo  49.99, Dance & Move BeatBo + More

 Walmart  profearroyo Walmart does not care about the customers. We're all dealing with similar issues. Files claim with the BBB & FTC
 jrobin83  Walmart there's those new mold berry mothafuckas shits are 🔥
I need to go to Walmart 🙄
Make the most of  CyberMonday by saving  100 on this  Nespresso machine. See more deals for  CyberMonday here:… 
 Suzanne_8_1_2 I agree. I can only find it at Walmart.
Chanel VS Walmart (they changed the description of the video and deleted "new music") 
Get your little one ready for Winter with new Disney Baby blanket & beanie gift sets at Walmart!… 
 Walmart you're trying to cancel an order that I placed n now you want to cancel it? What you want me to pay  722.00 get outta here I want
 Walmart can I buy cigarettes with a giftcard? This is important.
Don't be a hero in Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US
 antbetz  Walmart The online site says that it is only offered in stores though. The Walmart I was at was very combative. My Walmart isn't c
"I see you're almost exclusively wearing Walmart dress clothes."
"Exclusively, actually."
"You're hired."
I dropped the trash bags in walmart that mom's wanted me to get I slowly bent down to pick it up sounding all old 😂😂
If you are out at Walmart or Kohl's, you can pull up the registries for our families at the store as well as from our site.
Walmart bathrooms nasty 😷
 Walmart  cheryl_niemeyer Walmart we're getting the government involved with your  shoddybusinesspractice.You are required to honor the deal
 Kelsenadeni54 Sorry just seen where you work at Arizona it's the same thing as working at a Walmart.
"Next time let's get high and go to Walmart"
Clipped out my order number! But I mean damn really tryin to give my money back for something y'all sold me for  99… 
 amandacrews_  us at Walmart 
Came to walmart for more eyebrow pomade and a bag of kisses 😂
 antbetz  A_FarScape  Walmart ABSOLUTELY!!!!
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Montgomery, AL 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Atlanta, GA 
I liked a  YouTube video from  gabeflowers WALMART COMMERCIAL "Making Cupcakes" |  WalmartFamilyMobile
 jvcarroll  Walmart Walmart does not care about their customers. File a claim with the BBB and Federal Trade Commission like the rest of us
Marvel Titan Hero Series, 3-Pack – Only  14.88 
We love our new tree! For people on a budget,  walmart supplied our tree, ( 30 BTW!) and… 
Well WalMart has it for  9 which I also don't have but it's less. 
Why are the only people that hit on me creepy old men in Walmart
Student: "my dad's buying milk at Walmart"

Me: "how do you know?"

Student: "he's been in line for 14 years now"
 Walmart not standing behind ur product? No resolution?
 jvcarroll  Walmart I'm working with this same issue right now. So are hundreds of people. Walmart unable to deliver goods they advertise
Lefties, where is Everytown for Knife Safety? We need more knife control! Anyone can buy at Walmart w/o background… 
I was riding a horse yesterday and fell off. I almost got killed! Thank Goodness the Walmart greeter saw and and came over to unplug it❤️
Your Mcm do returns at Walmart 🤔😂😂😂❗️
At a Walmart with a McDonald's inside. This is the American Dream
 OwenRiess When you go to walmart and buy a chinese crap, you use dollars. They can save them or spend them. Bonds are just savings at fed.
Spoke to woman today who thought she was buying this Walmart TV for a great price. 📺 Turns out: she was scammed by… 
 Jkjl43Roth  realDonaldTrump attention Walmart shoppers.
Black Friday deals helped these retailers beat last year's sales 
Now y'all are saying this table is  722.00 are you kidding me???  Walmart 
thot you where getting a Walmart shirt 🌚 
Less than 2 wks left! Apply for the National Retail Challenge and your org could win    : 
 _palaciosari I went to HEB and she said they've been out of stock. Walgreens said they don't have it. Didn't find it at walmart 🙃🙃🙃
🌟🌟  Walmart   springfield &  chicopee are ready to sell you waterproof phones  boostmobile  39.64 & stock is loaded… 
 LiamsDirtyDiva did you get them at Walmart? I got a super cute batman pj onsie from there
Walmart Canada: Create Personalized, 3D Printed Christmas Ornaments for  10 
tweeting while shopping for Minnion pajama pants at Walmart. Cant get more Merica than that Liberal sissies!  Trump  RollBackAmerica =  MAGA
 A_FarScape  Walmart they won't. They'll give you a bullshit story that they can't honor and online sale in-store  shoddybusinesspractice
Ringing the bell at Walmart for the next two hours. Somebody please come talk to me
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <3e:I> 
Im really just sitting in Walmart parking lot looking like a full blown creep
 AbbeyNormal_ go to Walmart and buy one
 antbetz  A_FarScape  Walmart  YOU GUYS ROCK!!!  Boycottwalmart 
I've been in Walmart and Target today & didn't pick up any headphones!!!! Uuuugggghhhhh
 Walmart so I ordered this table for  99.99 on Nov.,25,2016 and y'all took the money and now y'all cancelled my ord… 
When you go to Walmart for one thing and you forget cause you bought other stuff 🙄
was in Walmart w/ Dylan and his fake baby...and our old middle school VP saw us & def thought it was real, she look… 
 Walmart just because it's policy doesn't mean it's good business... Going to drive out of my way to start shopping  Target  TargetDeals
Walmart prepares appeal in case awarding drivers back pay for 10-hour-break and non-driving tasks:... 
 shoe0nhead If they bought the cheapest shit that gap would vanish. The only  6 sticks of women's deodorant at Walmart are premium/medical.
Walmart prepares appeal in case awarding drivers back pay for 10-hour-break and non-driving tasks: 
Lmao she took the shower head. I'd laugh for a minute, then go to walmart and buy a new one.
We ain't hiding. We be at Walmart and tabu faithfully every week
 antbetz  Walmart I am going to bring my item to my local Walmart with my receipt and print out and see if they will give me credit for the
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pompano Beach, FL 
Walmart Strikes Once Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
Omfg not even Walmart smh I guess im not meant to have this cddddd
Went to Walmart to pickup my online order and ended up doing more Christmas shopping 😊😂🎁
All of 280 power put down after the Walmart. This looks like a zombie apocalypse
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in New Hudson, MI 
Boycott Walmart! My order was supposed to be here 11/25. Don't have it and Walmart won't respond 😡😡👹
 cheryl_niemeyer Thanks for the update. Please let us know if we can be of further help. -Donna
 Walmart Brian, I already tried that and it didn't work. No help from Walmart. Very disappointed!!
I'm sitting on a bench crying at Walmart.... what a day.
VTech Safe & Sound Digital Video Baby Monitor – Only  54.95 
Used my Walmart Savings Catcher money to get this. Can't wait to play it.  tokyomiragesessionsfe… 
went to walmart to cash a check and stepped in captain crunch puke getting out of my car. fucking love walmart.
Walmart Skateboard Mischief, and My DIY Holiday Snapback with Puffy Paint: via  YouTube
 kinlaw_lauren  m_schmitt29 Walmart!!!!
Ben & Jerry's Coconuts for Caramel Core Ice Cream, 16 oz - 
 Vote4TrumpPrez there's plenty of people who will help her ! She's the Most Beautiful FL ever, she could dress from Walmart and be Amazing!
Bridget: "Lets go to Walmart, I have  5.80!"
Me: "hahahahahaha"
Cheap instruments you buy at Walmart (the purple violin)
 Jenny_lynn24 Walmart 😂😂
I really need to do something with myself and go to Walmart but I just don't wanna do anything. This shitty weather has me like 😴😣
 alyssa_sotooo Walmart girl ! It's at the very bottom row kinda around the Milani makeup
Edy?s Slow Churned Rich & Creamy Light Coffee Ice Cream, 6 oz - 
Walmart didn't have my  redbaronpizza Breakfast Scramblers and I could cry right now   sodisappointed 😩
Too bad the jalapeños at Walmart are trash because I was really craving them
walmart be wilin' 
"Fuck Verizon I'm about to join family taco Walmart" 😂😂😂😭😭😭
Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Coffee, Coffee Buzz Buzz Buzz!, 1.0 PT - 
TOTAL FAIL! The Funniest People at Walmart 
The only other thing I know he wants besides car parts of course is stratego. All the way at Walmart. Ugh
Instead I'm headed to Walmart, bout yo bake me some Tilapia
Smokin in the car outside Walmart b4 I go in, wanna try to make this a quick trip but the higher I am, the longer I stay in there smh
Friendly's® Coffee Cookie Crumble Ice Cream 1.5 qt. Carton - 
I had to FaceTime my mom in Walmart because I didn't know what toilet paper to get😂😂
 Allison_Hopeee did you get Walmart brand or Benadryl brand because you know they're the same  thanksphysicalscience
When you live in a small town and the only place to go hang out is walmart 😂😂
bought a replacement phone for mine as mine was extinct - only to have  walmart defraud me and charge me six... 
Crystal Creamery Humboldt Organic Coffee Ice Cream - 
 NEWS Don’t Forget About Walmart’s Deals This Cyber Monday 
LIVE on  Periscope: Join me in the check out of Walmart 
"We still going to Walmart after this" 
me and kaylie are bringing her dog to walmart. keep you updated
If my kid is ever sitting on the floor of Walmart throwing a tantrum I'm throwing them out the window
 A_FarScape  Walmart Walmart only wants to discuss this matter on their private website, not an open forum in front of thousands.  shoddy
Friendly's® Coffee Ice Cream Bars 6 ct Box - 
It's funny wen people tht work at the walmart or mcdonalds see me chillin n come hating sarcastically saying my jobs so hard, working hard
A man just purchased ALL these dolls. ❤️👏🏼👍🏼 Happy Holidays!  LasVegas  Walmart 
In middle school/high school I was all about wearing name brands & now in college I'm like "yeah got this flannel at Walmart for  8"
whats the british version of walmart vs chanel? lidl vs harrods?
Sam's Choice Coffee & Donuts Ice Cream, 1 qt - 
T B h pearl is how to look at Walmart in case
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist walmart adventure w/ im daddy
 antbetz  Walmart Apparently Walmart hires stupid people both for twitter support and brick store management.
walkin circles round walmart in the fandom we need more ppl like u
Blue Bunny™ Mocha Me Hoppy™ Coffee Ice Cream 46 fl. oz. - 
 taylorenee___ just left Walmart. About to paint my room
Wow, is there a sale at WalMart or something? Baseline WB KINDA A PARKING LOT from Fisher as far as I can see...  otttraffic
Even  Walmart is getting in on  livestreaming for  CyberMonday  TheVerge 
Walmart Strikes Again. WTF Things That You Only See At Walmart 
Walmart Canada: Create Personalized, 3D Printed Christmas Ornaments for  10 - 
walmart is dead af
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25  Walmart GC from  BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Egg  McMuffin®  Extra  Value  Meal  with  medium  coffee - Save  1.50 on Any  Egg... 
 antbetz  Walmart Get 'em Ant!!! I'm right with you!!! 
 Mobile Looms Large  Walmart,the world’s largest retailer, said 60% Black Friday online orders came by mobile,up from 50% last year  WSJ
 A_FarScape  Walmart you shouldn't have to wait. Maybe if we all get the government involved they'll deliver the services they advertised
Magnum Double Caramel Ice Cream Bars, 3 count - 
 Walmart you would think I'm ordering 29 items or some shit.
 A1_Buckwheat  5Pud2  Walmart  WalmartToday absolutely vile
IMO, it's not the end of manufacturing that killed these towns, it's Walmart and big-box stores. No more hardware, grocery, butcher, etc.
 antbetz  Walmart I can't boycott Walmart because they have a monopoly on inexpensive gift items that I get for Christmas.
 ShipMyMoneyDFS yeah me too..from Mitchellville went to college in Virginia been in city of Bowie about 8 years by Walmart & Ruby Tuesday
 Walmart wait til I get a hold of the manager at that store. Someone is getting an ear full from me for all this aggravation over one item
Ben & Jerry's Chunky Monkey Ice Cream, 16 oz - 
I just saw my fucking crush at Walmart and I'm looking bummy af!
 Kelsenadeni54 From reading your tweets I can tell you are mentally disabled. It's ok Walmart will hire you to get shopping carts.
 A_FarScape  Walmart you shouldn't have to, theyare REQUIRED to provide the goods and services that were advertised.  shoddybusinesspractice
I just realized the only person I've talked to today is the cashier at walmart. I have a problem. It's almost 4 p.m.  introvert
 _daiKNOW lmao I can't even find nun smh Walmart ain't got em .
Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Strawberry Cheesecake, 473.0 ML - 
Told my dad I ate at the new place where Chi-Chi's used to be. He said "right by walmart?" 
No dad, that was CiCi's 😂
 yariroldan Item must say "Shipped & Sold by Walmart." Currently we are out of stock. We're working on restocking. Please check back. -Nici
 Walmart funny how the item was available on the website for pick up last night and this morning and now y'all don't have it!
 IamMattDowling Walmart then?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Mount Dora, FL w/  wildflower930 
 KCRG_FirstAlert and will do right now I'm shopping at Walmart and have been watching your tweets for the past 45 minutes
I'm sick, I might have an ear infection, a kid took a bite of my Twix and my Jeep is going to be forever stuck in the Walmart parking lot.
Blue Bunny S'more Please Ice Cream, 46 fl oz - 
 profearroyo Our apologies. Please sahre your experience w/ our feedback team: -Donna
CHANEL X WALMART  abreuxruffo
If you go to a mall, Walmart, or Home depot parking lot there's people that will ask you if you want to smell their perfume dont its laced..
Viagra 100 Mg & Generic Viagra Shipped From Usa & Pfizer Viagra Coupons Walmart & Price Of Viagra 
 A_FarScape  Walmart unsatisfactory  boycottwalmart
 antbetz  Walmart I found you by looking at who Walmart tweeted to. They tweet once every two minutes.
 A1_Buckwheat  OmgDeanyHabibi  Walmart  WalmartToday was it buy one get one free?
Think of how many pairs of walmart khakis that  CoachJim4UM could have bought with that  10,000 
I just tried turning on my imaginary blinker on my grocery cart at Walmart....I don't even do that when I'm driving!!!!!!
 SalvationArmyUS Not to mention, I'm also 5 months pregnant. S. Campbell  Walmart Springfield, MO  notcool 
Dear Walmart ! You r not cool ! Open on thanksgiving to have great deals when I find out today you have the same deals going on!u r a joke!!
 A_FarScape  Walmart they advertised a product, we purchased their product, and now they're unable to fulfill. They should be out of busines
A man describes the moments before police shot and killed a suspect outside a busy Olathe Walmart. More on KCTV5 at… 
 Walmart I can promise you that I will never order anything online from Walmart again. Your store employees are clueless as to how thisworks
Blue Diamond® Almond Breeze® Vanilla Almondmilk 32 fl. oz. Aseptic Carton - 
 antbetz  Walmart Did Walmart on twitter offer you the original prices?
 A_FarScape  Walmart no solution, just to follow their web link and chat with them. That's unsatisfactory, there's nothing to "chat" about.
i'm in this walmart and i saw a white girl with dreads and native american indian boots. fix it jesus! 
Blue Diamond® Almond Breeze® Unsweetened Vanilla Almondmilk 64 fl. oz. Aseptic Carton - 
Thank you  Walmart for my Teach Tote  WalmartTeachTote  brandshareus
Don't ever wear dark blue to Walmart you'll get 50 people asking you where shits at
I need to go to Walmart but I don't feel like getting up
Looks like Madison County picked up a tree at Walmart this year! They won't have a problem decorating this one!!… 
Everyone got mad about the clown sightings. What about these creepy Santa sightings!? THEY'RE EVERYWHERE. Kroger!?… 
me & my momma almost had to bump this women down in walmart 😂
my  10 work shoes from Walmart "mysteriously" and "surprisingly" wore out after 5 months. color me goddamn shocked and appalled.
 charissaraeee Oh how nice. Walmart used to vaccum my car out when they did mine but they must not do it anymore. Fuckers.
 shoe0nhead I noticed, yesterday, at *gag* Walmart, that Dove men's shampoo & conditioner is  1 more per bottle than women's. Blue tax?
 OmgDeanyHabibi  5Pud2 I stopped shopping at  Walmart  WalmartToday when I found out he works there! Telling people to drink bleach
im sittingnin the walmart parking lot waiting for my mom help me pass the time 
 antbetz  Walmart Very frustrating how their twitter customer service works. I said I did and now I have to wait 2 hours for their next twee
Antionette B. of Brookhaven, MS  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
S&apos;mores Essentials: Chocolates, Marshmallows, and Graham Crackers - 
 Walmart the manager on duty will not take my calls. The person answering the desk is an idiot
 Baseball  Cards 2016  Topps Update Walmart Retail  W-7 Blake Snell Tampa Bay  Rays RC 
:  Walmart  CyberMonday2016 - Walmart just revealed its 16 best-selling deals of Cyber Mond… 
If anyone is in Walmart and sees this fabric, we are looking for it.  Cora made harnesses that never made it to... 
If your boyfriend/girlfriend works at Walmart...they cheating on you with they work boo lmaooo
I hate going to Walmart unless im faceass dummy smacked
 Walmart they would not do it last night but said give them til tomorrow. I did and now all of a sudden the item is out of stock
doing special cyber monday orders 
xim 4  30
scuf  40
pizza orders  10-  80 worth of pizza
walmart pickups 50% off
Malt-O-Meal S'mores Cereal, 30 oz - 
 antbetz  Walmart I got one response from Walmart that said "Did I reach out to customer service" and now I have to wait 2 hours for their n
 Walmart  Dbeast80 Same here!!! 
Thank God for my catlike reflexes, those bitches and hoes almost ran me over at Walmart!!!! 🏃🏻🚗😬
 kevinaz Apologies for the inconvenience. Price Match was not in effect through the Black Friday weekend. -Donna
 Faience  Gendou  liopleurodonic I snagged one at my not-quite-local Walmart just now. My local one was sold out...
I don't remember who, but someone was looking for pots and pans 

 Walmart I was told last nigh while in the store that the item I wanted was on a trailer out back and would have to be pulled off
I love when old men in a scooter at Walmart ask me to grab something that's too high or too low for them to reach. Makes my day.
This just in / Esto acaba de salir... 11 Disney Princess Dolls Collection  98.88   Walmart.ca 
i just broke into my house using a walmart giftcard
When u take an ill advised trip to Walmart & the song "Macarena" comes on, ru obligated 2 stop shopping & start doing the dance?
 xmas2016
Don’t Forget About Walmart’s Deals This Cyber Monday - Best bargains on electronics 
 Walmart now I'm being told my order was cancelled and they never had it
 Walmart  Dbeast80 Walmart and Assist shouldn't be used in the same sentence... 
This Walmart is so ghetto
Police shoot, kill man armed with blunt object outside Olathe Walmart 
Wore my scrubs into walmart to buy a bottle of wine and didn't get carded 😅 they obviously knew I had a long hard day
Now playing I Found Jesus At Walmart by Burress Family!
 to listen
Destiny The Collection  35.00   
 antbetz  Walmart I have been watching the Walmart responses they are two hours behind our pleas to them.
Me: "isn't it weird how humans co exist?"
My mom: "why are you getting so deep in the middle of Walmart?" 😂
 Walmart sure. I placed an online order this morning because that's what I was told to do from the store and pick it up today.
FREE Barilla Pesto With Overage At Walmart!  Walmart  barilla
Walmart tries using blockchain to take unsafe food off shelves ->  blockchain, a trust network for food supply chain 
. Walmart owes some 850 truck drivers  55 million in backpay

Walmart is fucking weird
 iRaeee_GoHard every target and Walmart in Oklahoma is sold out.
Gas is still  1.93 at Walmart!
im so tired can i go home and chill and watch criminal minds i hate walmart
 Walmart  A_FarScape  Zoe is a real pisser!! LOL
 antbetz  Walmart I think first we should see what Walmart's response is and how many people have been cheated. Did Walmart offer a solution
 h2balla  Walmart  musicallyapp I will! Love you Hunter!
If we date best believe we fuckin shit up in walmart 😂😂
 Walmart I still have not received an email stating that my item has shipped. I need my order now, or I am contacting my local media & BBB
Kellogg's Pop-Tarts Frosted Strawberry Toaster Pastries, 16 ct 29.3 oz - 
damn my boy wont take me to walmart. i wouldve gotten the 3ds there they had one left
*goes to Walmart and spends  40 on HEALTHY groceries*

*Leaves Walmart and goes to Zaxbys*
 _Thatstootie HOMELESS 💀💀 I remember when she got in the car w/o me. Bihh how you forget your child in Walmart!!??
 IvyHatake  Walmart I will do all the academic assignments/home works for you. Please talk to me
 OriginalFunko  Walmart love this one
Ben & Jerry's Cookies and Cream Cheesecake Ice Cream, 16 oz - 
 Walmart  A_FarScape Of course it should of been honored for you!!
Wearing Walmart sneakers because I forgot all of my workout clothes at home today 🙃🙃
Walmart selling J's now 🤔🤔🤔 
Ben & Jerry's Brownie Batter Core Ice Cream, 16 oz - 
 MeghanMcCain Brandon owns Walmart.
Keep hoping it doesnt rain in the desert LOL and hope they change the walmart wifi password and dont tell you 
 theshoeless  QueenAimee I think she means the NES classic mini. Layton snagged one from Walmart, but you have to be a Ninja.
New on Ebay! Star Wars Black Series 6" WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMTROOPER MISB Lot of 3! 
 Dbeast80 Oh no! We're sorry to hear that. Could you tell us what happened so that we can assist you? -Nici
30 of the Most Hilarious People of Walmart Photos 
Walmart doing the most rn
When  walmart doesn't write you back 🙄
lights done went out in walmart.
Ayy just met a TU lax girl at Walmart and made a friend 👯
 Walmart  A_FarScape  And they did NOTHING for their customer!!! 
KISSES SPECIAL DARK Mildly Sweet Chocolates, 18 oz - midnight kiss  
 Walmart Ordered online, picking up in store. Line is 10 people deep with one person working. 4th in line and I've waited 20 mins so far.
 A_FarScape we all need to submit BBB & FTC claims against  Walmart. There's no reason why we're being cheated and lied to. Spread the word.
 MGoFish  jcshurburtt Guy makes 9 mil per year and buys his clothes from Walmart.. He'll be just fine.
when your older brother works at walmart and can't even bring home an aux cord 🤔 smh..
I just saw youtuber books in Walmart oh god why
Some walmart ranch chicken with spaghetti sound so good right now
The woman who hit me going through the light at Walmart on pianola didn't😭 
Caught a Deputy   Walmart getting diapers & formula for a baby in need. Won't out him by name, he wouldn't want that, proud to serve w/him.
Working on a video in Walmart for musicallyapp make sure you guys Remuse the sound!! musically  muser  comedy  musicallyapp
after midnight at Walmart 
it feels weird to be in the buckeye walmart i feel like im in a different state
DOVE PROMISES Dark Chocolate Candy 8.87-oz. Bag, 8.87 OZ - 
IM FROM THE APARTMENTS THE CRIB BIG LIKE WALMART.
I just found a  100 in Walmart 😭😍
 Walmart Zoe should the  1 price have been honored? Regular price is  3.87.
DOVE PROMISES Dark Chocolate Almond Candy Bag, 7.94 oz - 
 MrsAndreuClass We're happy to have been a part. Thank you. -Nici
 Walmart we are writing career research papers about jobs we want an I'm writing mine about Walmart ❤️❤️❤️
I start panicking when I lose the Bihh in Walmart 💀❤️️❤️️ 
DOVE Dark Chocolate Almond Candy Bag, 5.5 oz - 
Bring your monster truck to work day   walmart :) via /r/funny 
Wanting to punch  Walmart right now. Just send me my gift card so I can order my shit 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 it's been a half hour.... instant not so much.
 Walmart  Italkfunny2U  Doesn't matter even when you CHECK OUT with a CONFIRMATION you will get NOTHING!!!! 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Des Moines, IA 
I returned something at Walmart today that I did not buy at Walmart
Anyone been out shopping today? Had to run to Sams, Walmart and JoAnn's. There is almost no one on the streets,... 
Anyone been out shopping today? Had to run to Sams, Walmart and JoAnn's. There is almost no one on the streets, in… 
Yeah I think it's time for me to quit Walmart for good
Got the job at Texas Roadhouse guess it's bye Walmart. Truly blessed✊🏽💯
Grocery shopping (  Walmart in Edinburg, TX) 
im actually going to walmart like this who am i 
SO Chandler just reminded me of something that happened at walmart yday.
 Walmart There were two employees vesting customers prior to the customer service line. I spoke with them first, and they took me to the ma
Holiday  baking on your mind? These are only  2!  Save  Frugal  ad  mummyonmymind
FREE Frigo Cheese Head Singles at Walmart! 
I use to HATE going to walmart w that bit 😂
 TargetStyle  TargetDeals  TargetNews  AskTarget  Target 

  Walmart , regardless of what you think of store, has n… 
I'm THISCLOSE to a FREE Walmart gift card. You need to download shopkick. --Ashley 
(client)  Walmart is featured in Sacramento Lifestyle for its partnership with Saint John's Program for Real Change 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
Dove Vanilla Ice Cream Bars With Dark Chocolate, 8.67 oz - 
walmart finna make me mad no lie
WALMART CYBER MONDAY Deals - RESTOCKED! -  Cybermonday 
 Walmart I went to Customer Service, was pulled out of line by an employee who took me to the manager and the manager said the price wasn't
My favorite place in Ontario!😊❤️👍 (  Walmart in St Catharines, ON) 
 deborahmc100  maisonvieblog  Walmart we want what was advertised and what our order confirmations are saying we ordered.
walmart instantly gives me a headache
A throwback to my childhood at  walmart today 😂 ate everything from these bowls.   Walmart… 
 A1_Buckwheat  5Pud2 someone's gotta all there is now is leather face, Walmart feet and 
 deborahmc100  maisonvieblog  Walmart I'm having this same issue. It's not right, Walmart is exercising shoddy business practices.
Craving some chicken wings from the Walmart deli
 Walmart Any reason why the auto care center at store  3435 closed at 5 today? Thought it was open until 7
 laneisakeene Walmart!!
LMFAOOO Walmart at y'all caps 💀 
Walmart making holiday season excuses as if their store isn't a cluster fuck every other season of the year 😑
Hide and seek in Walmart 😎
My kids gave me their Christmas list. All it was was the Walmart Christmas Book with the word Walmart circled. They don't want much do they!
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats   ad 
Getting hit on in the rice section of Walmart lmao that's a first.
i need to go to Walmart .
What is the harm in police saying the boynton beach walmart call was a false report?
Wish I would of bought those muffins from Walmart.
oh and i saw ur little ass in walmart u shoulda said sum aw guess u didn't have the time u wheat bread eatin bitch
walmart has some pretty cute fitness clothes
Working on a video in  Walmart for  musicallyapp make sure you guys Remuse the sound!! musically  muser  comedy  musicallyapp
 MikeIsaac since Hillary lost, I don't understand why it's the Trump people staging these public rages & meltdowns at Walmart & everywhere.
 A_FarScape Oh no! Did you reach out to our customer service desk at the store for help? -Zoe
How to Make Quick and Easy Homemade Bagel Pizza Bites with natural ingredients from  Walmart  DiscoverWhatsGood- 
 Italkfunny2U Apologies, This item is high demand & quantities are limited. Please see online cart policy: -Donna
 WWESheamus doing some  Walmart shopping today and look what I found.  Had to buy a copy or 3!!!  tistheseason 
to who ever found  50 at walmart you're welcome
My site with allied not going be ready until January I'm boutta just do security with Walmart n keep the one I have
Mobile sales sky rocket this  holiday season. If you're not on  Amazon  Walmart  eBay to list a few with great apps, then you're missing out
 TylerJRoney Walmart parking lot?  Better not be buying some certain product...
LEGO Classic 1,500-Piece Large Creative Box for  50 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
The power going out in Walmart 🙃
 CrossCelest Walmart, found him on Cyber Monday. Lmao kidding
Admittedly I'veunever been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holiday. + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
I don't feel like going to Walmart right now.
Every Walmart employee is dumb asf idc. And rude 😒
[70315] Nexo Knights - Clay’s Rumble Blade is on sale for  27.99 (30% off from reg. 39.99) 
 packers  dan_bernstein  Walmart  NFL 
for whatever it's worth i fist pumped Mongo  walmart.
very nice guy.
the voice.
knew it w/o looking.
 bitternthensome  Walmart don't accept their generic replies. File a complaint to the Federal Trade Commission and BBB. Walmart doesn't care
If I had a 💵 for everytime l've taught a Walmart employee how to do tax exempt I could get a Starbucks everyday in December  FACSteachprobs
Never go to the Walmart on skyland by yourself. Not a study tip but you can't study if you're dead 
Went to Walmart now the chicken place, just got back and already don't have no money.
Not that we just went to Walmart and got hella cases for free 😂😭💀  Alexis_Gunn_   CindaaEvans  NaridgerP
I hate walmart but they're cheaper but target has my heart
Today I watched a little boy breathe on the bell peppers at walmart for no apparent reason, always wash your produce people
You live in a walmart dressing room stay pressed 
I buy Aubree at least two packs of passies every time I go to Walmart.. know how many I know the location of? 1
Walmart is the best place for people watching.  gotsomedandies
 yrneasy walmart for like  6 or jo-anne's for like  3
 bitternthensome  Walmart it's like taking the groceries out of our hands as we're leaving the grocery store after we already paid
Way to trux it up!  TheAlmostRealHW  ToysRUs  Target  Walmart all carry  dinotrux too.
 TMSboys  kevinkugler  OPDOfcBossman  joelschafer Didn't someone already say Walmart though?
Best 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: Amazon, Apple, Best Buy, Target And Walmart 
"I feel like I need to call the company and tell them: you give people vaginal rashes and you need to stop." - Ashlyn, Walmart 5:30 p.m.
 Ratmvp04 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
"Can you believe I can just walk into Walmart and buy alcohol now??" - Itsmichiee happy 21st bday ugly bihhh love you💕🤑
do y'all not understand you can die while shopping in walmart?
 KingHairlson11  Lauren_Haire15 y'all went to Walmart & didn't even check for me that's crazy
Arrest Made in 2 Clearwater Walmart Robberies 
 packers 
sharper, too.
 dan_bernstein 
 Walmart 
true. 
Blonde I Upskirted In Walmart 
 bitternthensome  Walmart the same happened to me. All of us need to stand together to fight this, it's not right.  boycottwalmart
This is so accurate, except we don't even have a Walmart. 😞 
Go Walmart  😂😂😂 
 AkatsukiArtist I work at Walmart and they aren't even on order here. They were supposed to be available since the 21st.
sonic by walmart so fuckin garbage
 idkill4icecream  dxvid33  Izaakthelegend  TyronePeeple how many x's has Sam Walton founder of of Walmart filed BR along w/many greats?
will be calling Walmart tomorrow.
Every time I go to Walmart I am reminded of why I hate going to Walmart
that Walmart didn't even have them letters 😩
An old man working as a cashier at Walmart was making sure that a little old lady could make it home safe 😭💖
I want to go grocery shopping but like everyone in the world is at Walmart until like 8
Enter to win A  165 Walmart Gift Card! from  SweepWidget
Walmart Black Friday In Pictures 
2 persons of interest are wanted in an aggravated assault incident at the Walmart in Sevierville -  WATE
 Walmart if ud like to come down to customer service for u obvious niggards to your job you should pay me
 EW  JoshMcDermitt "depressed walmart greeter" lmao.
 Walmart im not doing ur fucking job for u 59 murphy area walmart FIX THE SHIT
 WithoutConsequencesIWould grab a bunch of baseballs at Walmart and blow shit sideways with some high heat..
My plan: acquire Rush points, place 2 codes in basket, pricematch at Walmart, then buy a shitton of the  5 for  2. Thoughts? videogamedeals
Listening to people in Walmart talk about these ugly elf outfits and how much they want them and would wear them 😂😂😂😂
HUGE Savings On Rachel Ray Cookware TODAY ONLY! -  Cybermonday  Walmart 
Neither Target or Walmart has fishnets in my size for my Negan Quinn cosplay ugghhh my life is so hard.
The printing lab at the architecture building during finals is like Walmart on blk Friday. I feel bad for the nice man that runs it.
I'm dancing in Walmart 
My roommate,   carlyoliver__ and I went to Walmart just to get Christmas decorations... I spent  40
 WalmartCanada Is there another suggestion, like an answer to my question, you might offer instead?  disapppointed with  Walmart
 OhSoDizzy5 I hope you don't succeed in life and have to work at Walmart
Next time i come to Walmart I'm cominf at 5am
Kim M. of Shawnee, OK  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Chose to do my heavy duty food shopping today and Walmart is out of bags. How nice. 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
The beautiful  officialjoyjah keeps her fierce mane fortified & frizz-free  w/ our  SacredTiare 4-in-1 Combing Crem… 
Selena Gomez - Naturally (Walmart) 
why does walmart have 30 registers if they only use 3?
dang walmart always has the best selection of poptarts
Is there a problem with Walmart's online pricing? How many people have had orders cancelled or sale prices not honored?   walmart
 OriginalFunko  GameStop  I got one of these,they r awesome!! I hope they r not all the same,like  Walmart,I got 3 n was all the same!!Sucks
Lost in Time +  100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway via  SandySandmeyer
Fraud victim's 'brutal' 3-yr battle w Walmart & Equifax over damaged credit!
 cdnpoli… 
 Walmart that was after using the link. I assume it's on the way. I got tired of being treated so bad, I gave up on it.
 wacom it was only for a few minutes that Walmart discounted the grip pens now I'm sad.
Can never go to Walmart alone again. Just got followed around😩😩
Bailea just completely ignored her ex's grandma at Walmart while she was directly speaking to her
Your cookie platters needs these Chocolate Candy Cane  Cookies! 
  ad 
 recipe  walmart… 
Pampers Swaddlers, Only  5.97 at Walmart–Save  3.00!  deal 
 jvcarroll  Walmart Same here..5 orders were cancelled 2 days later due to their pricing error  HonorBlackFridayDeals
Trying to get an Xbox at but they're still charging me shipping. Its over  50!! Wtf  Walmart
To guy walking into Walmart: sorry my horn scared you. To the guy crossing lanes w/o looking & the guy going wrong way: learn to drive
Bundle & Save: Xbox One S Console,  40 Walmart Gift Card & Your Choice of 4k UltraHD Movie- Only  249 (Reg.  308...… 
Mom of the guy at Walmart
Also on tonight’s newscast:  Walmart drivers win overtime pay…
Help Wanted - Walmart Neighborhood Market - Mesa, AZ Job Mesa
I love the Walmart app
 1 for a 2-liter bottle of Blue Fanta at Walmart?? YESSS!!!
 thefapedge  Mikeps78_NFL  mikescriba  HASLEMstan meet me at Walmart on 441 and Atlantic so you can catch these hands TBH
 sydneybavis  codyawyatt you are one of the few nice ones at Walmart
Whats making this 4 hour trip at Walmart a little better, this cute guy buying tires 🤗🙄⌛🚗
 Walmart no thank logistics plus labor? just fx ur own damn water fountain fucking prick
 Steve_Grad  kms167 even Walmart?
S/o to the girl in Walmart yesterday who complemented my eyebrows
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <xdGD> 
Why does he look like a Walmart version of Mike from Breaking Bad??? 
I WALKED INTO WALMART AND WAASFUCKGN LIKE "wait WHY AM I IN FLORIDA"
Walmart is giving Amazon a run for its money during the holidays so far. 
In Walmart, just now:

Dude: Say, are you 21?
Me: Yeah...
Dude: They wouldn't let me buy these bullets, could you get them for me?
Me: ...😐
catch our movie on Cyber Monday Walmart page

I accidentally broke my cat its time to go to Walmart
That video of Beyoncé shopping in Walmart for Christmas a couple years ago.... I would've died😩 laid out there straight on the floor😵😵😵😵
I like to buy my carrier oil from the grocery store, Walmart, or GNC . You'll get more for less .
 Albertsons this line shit is crazy I'm pretty sure I came here cause I didn't want to deal with  Walmart 😒
*overheard at Walmart*

Old Lady: (to Employee) Do you have that thing, Thomas The Train?
Top story: Walmart Canada: Create Personalized, 3D Printed Christmas Ornaments … see more 
 JalynnnBarton i am at walmart 😭😭
 IdreeseOfficial We're sorry to hear about the issues at your local Walmart. Please stop by the customer service desk so we can help. -Zoe
 Walmart  deionwoodson For starters, they are rude thieves... 
Watch This Guy Brilliantly Play 'Pride and Joy' On A Toy Guitar At 3 AM In Walmart via  93xrt
Are dogs a sandwich but the lady at Walmart tonight and cursed her out in front of my mom it was tight i'm feelin real cool
I feel like a productive adult going to Walmart straight after work to buy house stuff. Who do i think i am 😭😭😭?
Don’t Forget About Walmart’s Deals This Cyber Monday 
 OriginalFunko  Walmart Would be nice if the walmarts had the stickr on it. Can't tell which one is the exclusive and which one is not.
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <fQN2> 
Walmart playing  hansonmusic's version of Merry Christmas Baby is making this insanely long line at customer service bearable 💃🏼
 Walmart  jvcarroll  Walmart could care less about its customers!!!! 
My uber driver just asked me to run into Walmart and get him spaghetti
Have half of the workers at walmart looking for eyebrow gel for me
Special investigation team probes police shooting of man at Olathe Walmart 
If you drink 7 5 hour energy drinks and wait behind a Walmart at 2:18 am God will come down and give you dog trust me I did it
the macarena was playing over the store radio at walmart today. i'm a rational person, but for some reason it just pissed me off so much
Yes I did just come to Walmart in my flannel pants and no I have no shame
Don't send your boyfriend to Walmart alone or else he will call 3 times asking where to find everything.
 jasoninquires Nothing at Gamestop. Walmart had the Elven Forest but was already sold out. Ran out of time for TRU. Checking tomorrow.
the Beatles were shit. Only popular bc of their posters at Walmart
I was in Walmart a sec ago and I'm wearing my Melanie merch and I had awkward eye contact with this girl for like 3 seconds+
 CyberMonday is fun cuz you can stay at home, log onto Walmart dot com and when youre about to buy a tv, have your dad punch you in the face
Find someone you can take Walmart trips with and make an adventure out of it
Oh Walmart lol
Also proud and blessed to receive my 1st offer from Latrobe Walmart. Big things coming😈😈😈 
Axe Walmart PC Week Recap: via  YouTube
Sooo

 Walmart  helpdesk actually commented on  Greysweatpantschallenge 

ICU Walmart. Out here changing them tacti… 
 jvcarroll Our Cancellation Policy can be found at Please contact the link above for assistance. Thanks. -Nici
Dearest Mother, on the pickett  Walmart my tent is oiled but still leaks fair. General says to rest as best we can, sales will be good.
5 Priceless Ways Walmart's Investment In Workers Is Paying Off 
Walmart sells a mean bag of greens 
Chanel vs. Walmart  GrowingUpInPennsylvania 
 help a fellow African American out by bringing some black nail polish pls and thx, Theresa ain't got none and walmart is not the move
My face when I walk past my ex & her clan in Walmart and she says… 
Me and  Joezay95 at Walmart always 😂😂😂😂😂 
Are you a health plan pro? Find out and enter to win (2)  100 Walmart gift cards and more! 2 winners total. 
Walmart truckers land  55M settlement for non-driving time pay

just casually going to walmart with emily's mom and siblings as she's at djs 😂😂
found this cute water bottle at walmart 💕💕💕💕 
seem like every since I came back to atmore I been coming to walmart EVERYDAY 🙄
 Walmart With no box just the defective product and reciept? I just want another one, thanks!
 Target  Walmart I'd rather get kicked in the nads each day for the rest of my life than ever shop at your stores again
Encounter today at Walmart  ---met gentleman wearing a WWII+ Korean War cap - he's 98 - his 94-yr old wife was renewing her drive license
Comfortably laying in bed ,about to take my nap and Stephon calls me to go to Walmart with him 😒
 deionwoodson Can you share a few details so we can help? -Donna
 Walmart Purchased a coffee maker care plan, cm broke, Assurion tells me I May be able to return to store still since within 90 days? Can i
 PicklesForScale middle of no where Walmart. They're super cute! I'm looking for the nes link tho
Other stuff I'll be packing/verifying instead of going to walmart today  subunupdates 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Smithfield, NC 
I'm at Walmart and my homestuck is kicking in APPLE JUICE FAYGO
 Walmart please wrk find a way to use  SavingsCatcher savings fr the app. I wait on an email that comes after I leave the store! EVERY TIME
Not even in the valley anymore, and my mom still has me going to Walmart for her 🙄
If I had  1 for everytime someone in Walmart told me my "little girl" was cute...I'd be rich 🙄
 lukerhn  BillyDavid  ShamusJon Walmart has heaps of stuff!
Returning something for Tori (at  Walmart Supercenter in Dayton, OH) 
Senior Systems Engineer, Mac 
 WTVAmatt power off at west main Walmart tupelo no one can enter
 MLB  Cards 2016  Topps WalMart Holiday Baseball Steven Piscotty St. Louis  Cardinals Rookie… 
 OWCPharma  OWCP & EMILIA COSMETICS INK 10 Yr DEAL OWCP Clients Inc… 
what goes on in walmart, stays in walmart 
I had just witnessed someone pee on the black entrance mat, in Walmart. And..it was a lady. Not high, nothing.
So, who iq the genius that thought it would b: wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
Most of the time but if I aint feeling it mf I ain't feeling it .. Walmart runs you will catch me slipping 
 TaeHussein Fasho we gotta swing by Walmart tho , wanna check out these tire prices
Shouts out to the  Walmart employee just sitting there watching me as I wait to pick up something I ordered online.
 Job Alert:  FortWayne  Jobs Help Wanted - Walmart Supercenter - Fort Wayne,… For More Jobs >>> Please Go2 our Page!
Our two favorite  emoji eats now come in plush pillows. Get yours exclusively at  Walmart by  Almar… 
News Public's Help Needed To Identify Walmart-Denver Thieves 
My mother is legit rushing these people at Walmart. 😂
I hate coming to Walmart
walmart really blowing me .
 Walmart please train employees on  vudufans Disc2Digital. 7-8 employees had no idea how to do it. It's very inconvenient to wait this long.
 cindaaaaa lol Walmart has a container of like 51 for  15 that's what I got 😛 but I downgraded to a little tree 😂
 thinkproducts Are these only in certain stores? Haven't seen them at our Walmart where I usually get the peanut butter ones.
 Walmart I don't have more time to waste on this. Please check your software and policies for the sake of others and the cashiers.
ive had my learners for five months and i still haven't driven to walmart😁
 _Sexton will you let it go already?  He's had more comebacks than hillbillies in Walmart.
Special investigation team probes police shooting of man at Olathe Walmart 
FREE Barilla Traditional Basil Pesto at Walmart with Rebate 
 WithoutConsequencesIWould steal a monster truck and go to a Walmart parking lot on black Friday.
Walmart Wireless Sales Associate (Brantford) - OSL Retail Services Inc - Brantford, ON: Generate interest…  hirekw
Currently doing homework in the Walmart break room.
Walmart👋
Tries to be productive and get shopping out of the way, gets stuck in Walmart during tornado 😑
A MASSIVE fight broke out at  Walmart on Black Friday! Who's surprised? No one. Click below to peep the footage. 
Hey  target and  Walmart , the point of customer service is to help customers, not slap them in the face and spit on them
Police shoot and kill a man after he hit cop with a 'blunt object' outside a Walmart 
 mellydizzle Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Also, my Walmart account was hacked... 
When you end up going to Walmart every day of the week bc you keep forgetting something the previous day you went 🙄
Looks like I will have to wait till the 5th to play FF15. Damn 
Going to walmart later ..
I slipped and busted my behind in walmart and this old man started laughing at me 🙄 
 RaymondWPS I hear you I run the Braun over my eyebrows before I go to Walmart
Why tf I'm at Walmart and I was walking inside when I crackhead  came up to me and said change please and I said naw I feel bad now
 EllenWaschka oh my god, us every single time we go to Walmart 
My favorite holiday tradition is our annual trip to Walmart to buy fireplace tools but can't find them and just go all winter without a fire
We've been in Walmart for 3 hours
Get Festive this Holiday Season with Christmas Sweaters from Walmart!  SaveMoneyStyleBetter via  whispersinspire
Bro i hate Walmart lmaooo
 AliciaKENS5  KENS5 - please let us know when the funeral for the Walmart hero will be. My kids and I want to attend and give the fam a hug
if you're feeling sad just go to Walmart get some box dye and fuck your hair up. 10/10 will help you feel better
Tablet> Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can't look a => 
 Walmart good!A shopper tried to cut the line and Arkansas kept a smile on her face the whole time despite the woman getting rude with her.
All the Best Cyber Monday Deals You Should Take Advantage of Today  Thrillist 
Police Investigating Shooting At Walmart Parking Lot In Dallas 
This real ?? 
 _FidelCashFloww Thanks for being part of the team! -Donna
I wish places like Walmart had a drive up!
 rockonmjxo Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 j_waynecampaign ohhhh well that's why im not nobody bae cause I go everywhere but Walmart
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <iPx5> 
Did you score any awesome deals? 
Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can't look away 
Now let me run to Walmart & then clean my room🤗
Guy Refuses To Show Receipt To Walmart Security Guard, Gets Pushed To The Ground 
 Walmart  PeggyWarren Chances are your order will end up like mine...Walmart doesn't care about its customers!!!!! 
They need to make those Walmart greeters useful and start handing out maps of the store
I'll pay someone to go shopping at Walmart for me
 allisonbadely Thanks for your very kinds words! They are much appreciated & will be shared with the team! -Donna
Really need to go to Walmart 😩
Really want to make my nails and everyone seems to be doing the same thing! Cause I have gone to 2 Walmart! And still no glue anywhere tf
 marilyn_segura_ I bought them at Walmart girly!
 tech  The Perfect Father's Day Gift - Make Connecting Easier with Walmart's Best Plans 
 PRT  Specials  Mainstays 8 Tier Over Door Shoe Rack 
Me- omg 4 highlighters for  18, buy them for me 
Him- wtf that's expensive you can buy them for  1 at Walmart wtf 
💀💀
Big 10:  10,000 for your rant against officials.

Harbaugh:  10,000?

Big 10: That's 1250 pairs of WalMart khakis… 
to the woman who flew through Walmart parking lot & splashed water all over me....I hope ya lights go out on ya Christmas tree
Walmart will be the death of me 💀
Walmart low key lit 😅 
Does anyone want to take me to Walmart
70% of  Walmart's Black Friday traffic was from mobile.  mcommerce is here. 
 DawnSantucci Have you tried using an incognito session on your browser? -Donna
  Jason, pls don't turn this Walmart trip to get sloppy joe stuff into an hour affair
 IamShainaJaye Walmart.
Never understood why people spend 400 on belts 200 on jeans etc. and the rich shop on clearance at Walmart
Walking into Walmart in the exit and a lady ran into me with her cart and said "can you read" like bitch can you see?¿
 Walmart  Store greeter asked 2c blk womans cart  I asked Y she did&stated if they have unbagged items Then she did mine  racialprofiling
Walmart gives me anxiety
But I don't want Walmart food or subway I want taco salad 😭😭😭😭
Hold on, Walmart is live-streaming Cyber Monday? !!  eCommerce  Marketing  PR  SocialMedia  Lifestyle  bm
I'm at  Walmart_br in Limeira, SP 
Needed To Go To Walmart,  But I'm Still In Class!  I'm Headed To My Bed When I Leave .
I just got ex machina & Jurassic world for  6 I love Walmart
 mailman_eddie  PostmanPat04  mailmanscott  cheriboop  drew4130  MailmanJames518 
This  1 from walmart works well and only a buck lol
Today   Walmart...some black lady was on the phone and said, and I quote "I'll choke the fuck out of that nigga, kill his ass" WHAT THE HELL
 Walmart how do I mark something as a gift for shipping??
Officers shoot, kill individual they say was armed with a 'blunt object' in parking lot of Olathe Walmart -... 
 Walmart AND1 ty I'll buy more  WalmartToday
I tend to act like I'm in the Walmart at home whenever I'm there here, and then I walk outside and it's completely different
Printed 19 labels today & need to get boxes at walmart but can't bc don't wanna risk someone breaking my windows for stuff  subunupdates
I'll be damned if I'm not on the Walmart website buying a set of Martha Stewart glitters  JeffreeStar  AdoreDelano
 _icze4r When you work at Walmart and fear the rise of the dreaded Seasonal Chipmunks assaulting your ears 
Just what I was waiting for!

 
Staci L. of Apple Valley, CA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
this girl was using a penny board in walmart and ate shit lmaoooo
Really liking the Street Kitchen kits from  passagefoods that I got at  Walmart Tonight I am making Yellow Curry Chicken. Smells  good!
 camlanee21  33 at Walmart if you'd like a set of your own!
 elledub3 Thanks for bringing it to our attention. Please feel free to share directly with our feedback team -Donna
Impress your friends with this drone from  Walmart Save  100 if you buy TODAY! See more deals for  CyberMonday here… 
Big Girls Don't Cry at Walmart is getting to me right now.
I'm here almost everyday. 😆 (at  Walmart in Union City, CA) 
There was ONE pumpkin pie left at Walmart. ALL MINE.
Need to make me out a lil list for walmart nd guess i'll order me a pizza since they half off at dominos ☺️
anyone who's interested u can get a pack of 2 at Walmart for like  3!!!  
. Walmart  Walmart got funky!  for  blackfriday with  JamesBrown 'Get Up Offa That Thang'  Video  nowplaying  
 WalmartNewsroom  Walmart you guys think you are slick getting people on your page with too good to be true ads then canceling them.  U suck
Got myself a couple of movies during the last minute of Walmart's Black Friday sale. 
 Walmart   Great!!!!  Do you have a sugar bowl as well. Living in St. John's, NEWFOUNDLAND
 WalmartLabs  Walmart online pickup: instock, in store price is the same, cancelling order to pick up early should be fixed
Cyber Monday is here! here are some of the best deals.

CYBER MONDAY TV DEAL! 

Get a VIZIO D50u-D1 50" Class 4K Ultra HD 2160p 120Hz LED Smart HDTV for  528!… 
Clay Shelburn & Zac Stokes- Walmart Rockstars - Pride and Joy 
legend
via  YouTube
 Nicolefay609 We are very sorry to hear that you were not satisfied with the resolution provided. We will pass this feedback along. -Jazz
Hosting the holidays is stressful enough! Be prepared with LACTAID®  GetReliefFromTheFeast! Learn more!… 
Walmart open until 12 don't rush me 😂
 phantombloods gucci vs walmart
I Just Got Back In From Walmart & This Is What I Had To Hear Oh My God Please Pray Hard & No Matter What Please  BackTheBlue  WKBN
Walmart is full of shit
 savannah_lynn21 lowkey Walmart has hella cute blanket scarves for cheap
 Walmart  WalmartNewsroom why did you cancel my BF order? Why did you allow it just to cancel it days later when it… 
Holiday Cut-Out Brownies  BakeInTheFun  Walmart [ad] 
 Mikesonbeek  Mrlaflame13  Walmart I can confirm they're legit
anyone who's interested u can get a pack of 2 at Walmart for like  3!!! 
Jury awards Wal-Mart truck drivers  55 million in backpay via  Reuters
TV AD:  …
RADIO AD: MEDIA REVIEW: 
WAL-MART… 
 mailgal4ever  mailmanscott  cheriboop  drew4130  mailman_eddie  MailmanJames518 I bought the energizer one from Walmart. Worth my own money
 ytteb summer was so last season Walmart
This guy is straight up talking Dora the Explorer levels of loud at Walmart rn
 ashleydope2 I was thinking about going to Walmart to get some.🤔
Walmart on a come up let me find out 😂 
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats I love giving cookies as gifts!  ad 
About to take multiple paint swatches from Walmart for an assignment. Does this make me a criminal?😂
Chanel vs Walmart 
 _Perlax1  tylerparks26 😂😂 vs walmart knock off  
These dudes were trynna get at me in Walmart like booooyyyy bye 😂✌🏽️
i hate walmart employees
Walmart Cyber Monday 2016 Deals - IGN 
Cyber Monday TV Deal! 

Get a SAMSUNG 55" 6300 Series - 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV for  597! 


 CNN 

Oh no. That's terrible. Well, off to McDonalds, I have a coupon. Oh, and I need socks at Walmart. I'll drive.
 Walmart I want to believe that, except this pic. Chat rep told me on 26th to stop worrying! It would be rdy for pi… 
all these christmas socks and blankets at walmart make my heart happy
There's 2  WalmartLIVE Twitter Parties today –  CyberMonday deals &  sweepstakes to win  1,000 in gift cards!  ad 
And to continue this horrendous day, a man at Walmart just came up and asked if he could "put me up on his Christmas shelf"
Y'all children playin in Walmart parking lot parents don't cry when they get blown away by this monsoon
 WithoutConsequencesIWould drive one of those little  kids electric power wheels cars through walmart while I get groceries.
Y'all really be gassing me I swear . Everytime I walk In Walmart I be getting them stares like "who is that supermodel" it's just me yall
Huge Winter Clothing Haul + Try-On | Forever 21 Plus, Walmart, Maurice's via  YouTube  plussize  bodypositivity
 mailmanscott  cheriboop  drew4130  PostmanPat04  mailman_eddie  MailmanJames518
Pm said she would buy us lights but didn't  1 walmart 2much
The west side Walmart is everything you'd expect it to be.
i want to go back to walmart and get that galaxy 3DS but i doNT HAVE  200 
 Walmart still waiting for another reply.....
 JimSterling work at Walmart we got a box of 6 and almost 60 people lined up at launch... it was bad. Also not gotten more in at all
CYBER MONDAY TV DEAL!

Get a SAMSUNG 55" 7000 Series - 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV for  847.99! Over  800 off!… 
 SharkDREdo  Wario64  Shipwreck  10 is still good. But if he went just 2 days earlier.... Lots of last gen games were  8 at Target & Walmart
 fdcapassojr You can request products for your local store here: -Donna
When you ride to Walmart with your mom and have no intentions of buying anything but instead you end up buying 4 outfits for Addie Mac.🙃
I'm so lazy, I wanna take this Walmart trip with my bonnet on. 😒
 ChrisCoch11  Walmart got me all the way fucked up
I need to go to Target or Walmart but I don't wanna drive. Anyone going please take me
Police: Pair arrested over phony  100 bills at Walmart 
that awkward moment when i was trying to avoid all day at school the guy i used to talk to and then i bump into him at walmart 😂
It was a bomb threat at Walmart, all the fire trucks was over here 😑
. Walmart is live-streaming Cyber Monday  QVC-style and it is RIVETING. 
Get your holiday tunes before the parties start! 'Tis the SeaSon CD is avail now at Target, Walmart & Amazon:… 
when a Noblesville Walmart worker steals your debit card information so you have no money until you get a new card 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Does anyone know if I could buy a locked AT&T iPhone 6s Plus from Walmart for full price and unlock it for use on… 
Okay but Walmart has some bops in their seasonal apparel
 deborahmc100  Walmart I'm going to be doing the same
 _Lori_Nicole_ I don't like the crowds but Walmart has"errythang"😊😉
To go to walmart tonight or to wait until whenever i really need to go 🤔
This guy has serious talent! Watch him play Stevie Ray Vaughan's "Pride and Joy" on a toy guitar at 3 AM in Walmart. 
Just wanna know why Caitlyn and I are undercover middle aged woman, our idea of a fun night includes vacuuming our cars and going to Walmart
Can't believe this fool in Ohio didn't use a gun! He killed no one with his car or knife. People! Guns can be had by anyone at Walmart!
Cut my first Xmas tree today. Employees were rude. Yelling at me:

Get out of here asshole!

Sir! Those are artificial trees!

Walmart sucks
You Wont Believe This Walmart Surveillance Camera Footage 
 AmyGallop66  Hungryrican68 Lived in Indpls for 19 yrs.Husband is from a small IN town. You're right,except for a WalMart, it hasn't changed
If you're paralyzed like me on Cyber Monday, Here's the BEST GUIDE--> Best 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: via  forbes 
I'm not a heartless person and I know everyone has a hard time but go to McDonalds or Walmart and apply for a JOB!
Walmart has the Pie Face Showdown Game discounted to  16.57, was  24.86.  Has anyone played this game? 
[ 98.88 save 24%] 11 Disney Princess Dolls Collection  98.88   Walmart.ca 
Netflix movie options are the digital equivalent to the  5 movie bins at Walmart.
Ready to lose your lunch? Check this out:  Walmart  WalmartFail
Sorry  whoeveraskedmetositwiththematzaxbys

I was on lunch and I work at Walmart so you can understand I needed sanity for an hour 😂
If you leave your next Walmart eye exam with a smoky eye, that's from me. You're welcome.
😱why? I Love Walmart. Go there every other day. 
Shoes , & go to Walmart get you some panties 😉 
I need Walmart an target boosters hmu asap inbox pls
Walmart: Skylanders Imaginators Starter Packs Just  39 via Couponing to Disney - ... 
 agentpeachyb you can pick up this  lenovo from  walmart and its under your original budget. 
Does anyone know if I could buy a locked AT&T iPhone 6s Plus from Walmart for full price and unlock it for use on T-Mobile?
 xoxo_alondra01 hi new friend lets go to Walmart & look at makeup for an hour
 DavidAllen909 Too bad the "People of Walmart" doesn't publish magazines.  They would fit right in.
 hectormorenco  JamieRJN Walmart is testing RFID chip now. CA testing robot cops. 
Cyber Monday deals 2016: the best deals at Amazon, Walmart, Best Buy and more - 
I'm always eating grapes out the bag in Walmart, they gone get my ass😂😅
i want to eat so many desserts. brownies. pie and whipped cream. hot pies and ice cream. them walmart sugar cookies. chocolate chip cookies.
Chanel vs. Walmart  Selfie 
CYBER MONDAY TV DEAL! 

Get a VIZIO SmartCast M-Series M60-D1 60" 4K Ultra HD 2160p 240Hz for  998.00… 
 KySportsRadio  ryanlemond since you're doing traffic tips, terrible accident just happened in front of Walmart Nicholsville road lex
I hate coming in Walmart
 Keniaa___ got mine at target but you can get in anywhere like Walmart, CVS, Ulta but it's like 6 bucks at Target rn
 Walmart Cyber Monday Deals  moneysaving  cybermondaydeals
My mother in law is having a very heated conversation on the phone in Aramaic, the only word I understood was Walmart
Eco WorkChoice Indoor WiFi Tap Outlet for  19 + pickup at Walmart - 
Both me and my mom walked into Walmart and are like "what are we here for"😂😂
The good news is that we were able to get the same TV at a better price from  BestBuy ! Screw you  Walmart  neveragain  yousuck
 XboxSupport I bought a 3 month Xbox code from Walmart and the code is not working.
The 10 best  CyberMonday  sales of 2016 
 aliishyamegan hahaha that's why I liked the Walmart tims😂
Hahahha I have 4 papers and a speech to write and instead of doing that I'm wandering around Walmart
I'm at  Walmart_br in Itu, SP 
My mom seriously took a vid of a lady in Walmart and sent it to me😭 
I liked a  YouTube video Black Friday Adventure in Walmart // Lisa and Sabryna
WALMART:  Madden 17 for XBox One and PS4 ONLY  28 (reg.  59.99!) - 
 ChrisMWilliams he buys his pants at Walmart!   I bet he uses the Sears and Roebuck catalog!
I just entered Jade Whispers Low Entry Giveaway for a  50 Walmart Giftcard and you can too! 
 prisonforbush  realDonaldTrump he's looking for a job with the OrangeHaired Asshole, evidently Walmart isn't hiring greeters.
 creativitybooster: Cross-post cycle embed codes at Walmart. TOP 10 ideas:  growthhacking  Traction
CYBER MONDAY TV DEAL! 

Get a Refurbished VIZIO M60-C3 60" 4K Ultra HD 2160p 240Hz Class LED Smart HDTV for  800!… 
 DBorbbbs something fishy is going on at Walmart
Furry Trash courtesy of  Walmart 
Wouldn't it be just great to randomly meet  shanedawson at Walmart 😂
Head to my  blog to see my  Unboxing &  FirstImpressions of Fall's  WalmartBeautyBox ❤ Link in bio!  Walmart… 
My face when the cashier at Walmart said the mount for my new TV was  50 less on Black Friday 
Walmart may have had a special on TVs for Black Friday, but Moore Insurance Group can save you money all year round… 
 CoolGuySir yeah agreed I don't have a real use for one *gets off 
Cyber Monday deals 2016: the best deals at Amazon, Walmart, Best Buy and more 
Jungle Animals Bulk, Assorted  [ Save 79% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
 rachwill__ Auntie Anne's pretzels! There's a small one in Walmart on Perkins!
Walmart loses pay fight with truck drivers - By Marianne Wilson A lawsuit dating back to 2008 has ended in a fe... 
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs INTENSE GAME OF BOTTLE FLIP IN WALMART! (Ryan Bracken Inspired)
. Walmart have maintained an average discount of 33% across all promotions on  BlackFriday vs. No 24th and this rose to 36% on  CyberMonday
Fraud victim has 'brutal' 3-year battle with Walmart and Equifax over damaged credit Presumed guilty, yet innocent!
Walmart: Hamilton Beach Power Deluxe 4-Quart Stand Mixer Only  19.96 (Reg.  45) -
 Walmart took my money and canceled my order!
Walmart: **HOT**Bundle & Save: Xbox One S Console,  40 Walmart Gift Card & Choice of 4k UltraHD Movie

ERES Holiday Drive! Donate new, unwrapped toys and gift cards to Kohls, Kroger & Walmart. Donate today through December 14.  kisdgivesback
Retail is location, location, location, but location is no longer a "restriction" 
 e-commerce via  Forbes  
I honestly surprised  we were able to get people to believe Zach got his ass beat by a black guy named Tyrone in the Walmart parking lot
. Good thing about it or its horrid history. Now excuse me while I step into Walmart 😉 
Since it's 2016, Walmart is live-streaming Cyber Monday via  mashable 
SAMSUNG 48" 5200 Series - Full HD Smart LED TV  898.29  cybermonday  deals 
True life : I'm a fat ass ft. I shouldn't be allowed in Walmart while I'm stoned 
Stevie Ray Vaughan - Pride and Joy [Rock] covered with a toy guitar in walmart in 3am 
Walmart remembers mother and daughter  ROC
 Blockchain is picking up enterprise steam as  Walmart
tests it to improve food safety. 
 parndt  searls It still shocks me when I see hand guns on sale at local Walmart and sporting goods stores.
If we went to HS together, haven't spoken in a while and u see me in Walmart, leave me alone.
I need to go Walmart when I get off😩
I passed the same loud asshole kid in Walmart twice. What is the probability of that?
it's sad that I have to go to a coffee house to get my fix of christmas music cause walmart is hardly playing any
LEGO Classic 1,500-Piece Large Creative Box for  50 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  CNET  Gaming  Tech  News
 Walmart is so depressed. Cheer up everybody!
Never order a piece of furniture from  Walmart unless you're in a particularly masochistic mood.
The best Cyber Monday deals from Amazon, Walmart, Target, Kohl’s and more 
Atari wrote Walmart's Sanik  amiibo at their house
Walmart greeter said "welcome to Walmart" and I said "you too"  😣🔫
 ad Don't forget to grab  Oreo for  1.98 NOW  walmarrt using the IRC & Ibotta coupon: 
Certainly the case at Walmart 
 Mrlaflame13  Walmart copped
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <qXF=> 
just witnessed a car chase through the walmart parking lot.... keep it classy
 iamLaToyaG me too....I am waiting on Walmart to send me an email when it is in stock
Police: Odessa teen arrested after stabbing two women in Walmart parking lot.  CBS7


I'm really not hard to please surprise me w a 3  bracelet from Walmart and I'm happy
Cause if you pull up to aldis on some quarterless shit you're gonna  skrrt and take ya ass down to Walmart.
There's something wrong with a country when a guy has to work 100 hours at Walmart to pay for one root canal.

 USA
I'm bored & Walmart so bs
Check out my secret for the perfect ice cream sandwiches!  BakingwithBetty AD -->
 SonofLiberty357 right, it's readily available at Walmart--no background check required!Somebody call the Libs cause this ain't gonna fly!
Went Walmart and got my baby all type of baby food , juice and snacks 😭
Stranded at Walmart getting my tire fixed...3 hour wait...
Amazon saw incomparable sales growth in the third quarter. Can it beat those numbers for Q4?… 
 Galaxy_Junkyard Walmart on 535 has Jyn and Deathtrooper 3 3/4 black series 
/  NES Classic  Edition now in stock for  Walmart’s lucky few 
When u see your 5th grade teacher at Walmart and he remembers you
Best ' CyberMonday' 2016 Deals:  amazon,  Apple,  BestBuy,  Target And  Walmart  
Walmart CA launches custom 3D printed ornaments for Christmas... 
LEGO Classic 1,500-Piece Large Creative Box for  50 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
When Walmart Got It Onna Jordans 😂😭😎 
Got a big surprise, went to H.E.B instead of Walmart and got more food for less.
Lol walmart 
Walmart lights keep cutting off 😂
Solange is the bootleg Walmart version of Beyonce.
just woke up in walmart parking lot with my car running, I been out here sleep for bout a hr never even made it in the store smh lol
 90syears Ya can get Surge at Walmart now!!! Best news ever!!
Every time I stop into Walmart ... I remember why I don't shop at Walmart.
 cman5654  Walmart I think we all should! Maybe they'll start taking their customers seriously.  boycottwalmart
I AM ON THE FLOOR DYING OF LAUGHTER! Who would pay  103.35 or even  87.85 ON A SPORTS BRA!!! I GOT 2 FOR  10 AT WAL… 
 MakeWayForTay  triplezmom  NurseRatchets That's pretty funny,I actually have a M.S. in Computer Science.Do you fold sweaters at Walmart?
Walmart not playing wit you niggas man !! 
Really hate eating at the dining hall , hate spending money on fast food really needa go to Walmart tomorrow
Walmart’s Investment in Employees Looks to Be Paying Off 
Walked into the Walmart bathroom and a guy is combing his long beard telling himself, "The ladies like it fluffy and magnificent." 

😂😂😂
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  McChicken®  Extra  Value  Meal  with  medium  coffee - Save  1.50 on Any  Extra... 
I just checked in  Walmart with  CricketRewards Download today!  
 darrenrovell Do you know how many pairs of Walmart slacks he could've bought with that? 
These were a great treat. Thanks  Walmart and  ClemmonsES PTA. 
LEGO Classic 1,500-Piece Large Creative Box for  50 + pickup at Walmart Deal

 Coupons

Read more: 
 PeggyWarren Thanks for reaching out. Please contact us at or call (800) 966-6546 so we can look into this. -Isa
 TheTumblrPosts omg I want this idc if it's all from Walmart 😭💖  CountdownTo25DaysOfChristmas
 GingerOP_  TseVen_ Xbox one 175 dollars at GameStop in cleveland by new Walmart go grab it
 GhoulRachel that's AIDS. Last week, I had someone try to empty my checking account at Walmart. Too bad for them, I'm a broke student.
 Techzkul here in Lubbock bro! I went to Plainview and I saw you at Walmart, but I was in a rush and you were like 50 yards away. 😂
About to go to Walmart and buy my own Christmas tree and ornaments since my mom is lame and won't put ours up yet😭
WE NEED TO BoeingN ALL ASSAULT STYLE MACHETE'S IMMEDIATELY. WHAT KIND OF WORLD CAN GO INTO WALMART AND BUY AN ASSAULT STYLE MACHETTE?
 lesbian squirt sex videos real walmart girls porn 
Walmart head ass 😂😂😂 
Chia Trump
Chia Hillary
Chia Bernie
NO chia Stein or chia Rubio
WTF Walmart?!?!?

Market economy not working,
we need moar  Socialism
I really don't want to go to Walmart..
Walmart Cyber Monday 2016 and Cyber Week Deals: Cameras, TVs, video games and more 
so unfortunately I went to Walmart and they didn't have the Drone I wanted so then I went to a gun shop and I just put an AK-47 on layaway
 lalalaaura_  _veronicagmz or Walmart lol
 lukerhn  ShamusJon  NickJMB I found Tim Tams at Walmart! 😛
OMG. This is great, look at her. 
 foxymulder1993  rawchia guys the Walmart is right next to my college campus and there is a man yodeling at the top of it
CYBER MONDAY TV DEAL! 

Get a Sceptre 50" - 4K Ultra HD, LED TV - 2160p for  279! 


 PRT  BabyFood  Gerber 2nd Foods Chicken and Chicken Gravy Baby Food 2.5 oz 
 Adam_D819 so does Walmart. It's the only ketchup I eat 😬
 Walmart store in concord Nc is ratchet as hell!
As if today wasnt already weird enough, some old dude at walmart just broke the law if sound by somehow sneezing and coughing simultaneously
Walmart  shopping cart 
 AlexBussard24 pretty sure Walmart has a 50 inch 4k uhd for like 370
RCA 37″ Sound Bar with Wired Subwoofer -  37.00: Walmart offers RCA 37" Sound Bar with Wired Subwoofer for  39.00.… 
 jrobin83 Thank you for letting us know about the bagels. Please contact 888-658-6325 so we can take care of this for you. -Ris
Kentabot found 2 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Jewelry to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
I just saw everyone I've ever met at Walmart.
 Walmart I need your help because your stores are a joke do not have a clue how to run a business! And the customer service is wack
 __destinyking Walmart 🙌🏼🙌🏼
 freshwood_  they screen printing Walmart tees you gone be mad   the quality
I took all the soap and toothpaste. It made me happy that he had to go to Walmart to re-buy everything unshowered w… 
I always see the same guy at Walmart 😂
New Walmart Exclusives Hitting Stores | 
Worked my last shift at Walmart, thankful to be out of that shit hole.
As the nation's largest grocer Walmart is committed to fighting hunger.  Thanks to  NYGovCuomo for helping feed 35,000 New Yorkers last week
 BobSter19  MudderLori Best Buy, Walmart, and EB Games all have them, but not cheap at  329 with Mario Kart 8
Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream via  Verge
 neko13_3 question concerning your Walmart Buck . Have a great day. ^Naomi
 Apisadmirer the best they'll get is a Chinese takeaway and some Christmas lights on sale from Walmart! 😂😂😂
flonase over the counter walgreens & flonase cost at walmart & generic flonase 
 _Lori_Nicole_ I love walmart lol
5 Ways Walmart Grocery Pickup is Life Changing  ad  GroceryHero 
 lilli_jewel I'm making Cris stop by Walmart and get some 😂
Store pick up orders placed through Walmart's app jumped 150% this  CyberMonday via  WalmartNewsroom
 NataliaChareese this coming from the same cracka that chased me in Walmart yelling nigger 🤔🤔🤔🤔😑
 900 in Walmart in the last two months ... We gotta do better
 Walmart what if I wanted to get Walmart prices as in store online? How would a customer do that??? I don't want to buy off a seller.
When I have to do grocery shopping at Walmart I become homicidal all of sudden.
Walmart became GameStop's Greninja  amiibo during  PaxPrime
Hurry and grab a 60-pack of Play-Doh for just  9.94!! 
gonna be   the walmart in linda til 7:30pm 🙃
 RealJohnnyZ  mvolterano First it's WalMart, now it's Maccas. Get ur story straight LOL
steven j. of Birmingham, AL  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 KaylanneNielsen Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
“This helps a lot because you can’t find stuff like this in Walmart or K-Mart or wherever people shop." 
 an_Piobaire  Could you tell us what happened so that we can assist you better? -Isa
Well this guy cane up to me in Walmart and he knew my name and I've never met him Bc when I meet people out I give them a fake name....
So pissed bc Walmart didn't have fucken glue
 Walmart so the website is like an Amazon not a store??? That's a little misleading
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? SLEEP BETTER!!!
Since when does Walmart start charging for bags? Let alone make us put our items in bags ourselves? Or did I just have a lazy cashier?
 somechink lol I don't think walmart does midnight release shit
yall come visit me at walmart ill be on one of the cash registers from 4:30 - 10
The jury found that Walmart violated California minimum wage laws. 
Shout out to the guy in Walmart who took off with my cart mid shop. Yer a peach.
HOLY SHIT my dad and brother had no chess club and they were gone for like 45 mins so I got worried 😓 (they're safe lol they went to Walmart
 nolanolegal Iman and Black Opal are readily available in Walmart and Target. Also: Shea Moisture sells makeup in Walgreens and CVS.
The. Again. I cant shop... id go walmart and pickup munchy food alone. And done it in 3 days max
 PinkPinupGurl oh yea, you can always find a Walmart. And it's always packed.
 McTrumpDonald try Walmart
 FafnirDota  ckimbrell3 I was able to snag my kid one on Thursday from Walmart. Just showed up today. Should've ordered 2 :(
Texas man who helped woman in Walmart parking lot beating shot dead: Isidro Zarate had just watched his wife walk… 
Never going to this Westbank Walmart again, I seen like 5 people I graduated with here. 
Duckin the fuck out them hoes 😭😭
 NickyDew0 A broken screen is never good. Good news CyberMonday  Walmart has many great deals on cell phones: -Jazz
FACT: race and gender are social constructs created by corporations to make us buy from mcdonalds and walmart. also my fave color is clear
I wondered how walmart was going to pay for that extra help... People have LOST THEIR MINDS ! ! ! 
 DrewSkinnerjr but racist walmart everywhere a super center and a regular walmart... probably within 10mins from each other.
 lore91012  _veronicagmz Walmart got some real ugly ones
Has eanyone else just wanted to go to Walmart just to ride on the carts 
 RoddOfYurLife hey! check these out 
Lol so with that being said they're selling them at Walmart (by my house) in the gardening department where all the… 
One thing was playing at Walmart today
 BadNewsMarzo party city and charlotte ruse. Walmart too
Walmart 🍎🍔🍟🌮 
 Walmart  Pls advise the package dimensions for the Graco PacknPlay Playard with TwinBassinet (Vance) as needed for shipping quote
 itsanessa_  pippermcgey they got some at walmart
 riccoja But the rural WWC has taken shitty service jobs, like working for Walmart...
Kentabot found 3 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Seasonal to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
 wheetaes jellal. angsty. ugly. walmart sasuke. even his tattoo is uglier. why is he even around? erza's a lesbian… 
When U c ROBLOX Card At Walmart

 ROBLOX
Just went to Walmart for one item and had to sing "you don't need it" throughout the whole store... I ended up leaving with five things.🙃
If you don't hit Walmart with a long stride and a mean mug you'll be trapped in that evil place all day.
Tons of fun working on ARLO with  TheRealMorrison &  jenniferBTaylor Lots of laughs for the whole family! 
Availabl… 
Thank you Youngfield Walmart shoppers, WR Optimists, Troop  65541. Operation Blue Santa collected 800 toys &  670 for Wheat Ridge families.
Some Italian lady stopped me in walmart for 15 mins convincing me why I should marry her son
 FafnirDota nope. BestBuy and WalMart both sold out within 15 mins. So now Christmas :(
  people I see in Walmart 
Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can't look away  thexeon
 swin24  squishable  ENBrown GO BIG OR GO BoeingCK TO MEXICO 
Enter to Win a  250 Walmart Gift Card from Whole Heart & Home 
& I love going to Walmart buying new cleaning products & going to bath & body works & buying candles & plug it ins .
 FatKidDealsCA  Walmart Thanks!
 jalnaaa Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
in walmart this chick was being rude and hit me with her basket and said "oh i'm so sorry" i glared back & said "bitch i don't give a fuck"
 LilMissBoojiee right there by Walmart !!
 TeaPartyOrg  Good.  It's about time China stops running us over. Ppl shopping Walmart will b shocked until deal gets settled.  Yea
UPDATED: 6 FREE Products Available NOW at Walmart! 
Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can't look away - 
It's that time of year the Salvation Army makes me feel bad about myself every time I go to Walmart again
Shit I only got the account so I wouldn't have to look around for a bank or Walmart to cash it
 AudraVanhooser just saw you at Walmart ...
Or your twin sister, it looked slightly not like you but maybe that's cause I haven't seen you?¿
 _ManYouSLEEP walmart money center
After living in Kennesaw for 4 months, I finally found a Walmart today lol
 machminer You buy jewellery from Walmart for Mrs Lee, you'll be in the basement with the cat for the remainder of the holiday season!
👏🏻 WE MADE OUR WALMART RUN 🏃🏽‍♀️ 💯
they sell anti freeze at Walmart, I think it would be a great choice of beverage for u 
They're playing Mistletoe at Walmart 😍💖
Sooo They Got The BIG BEARS At Walmart For 20 Dollars
Chanel Vs. Walmart 
 courtneeeylynnn these girls walking into walmart lmao
 BIGHOMIEMARKIE Walmart, target. Anywhere foreal.
 KingNavo93 Please share the display issue with the customer service team at the Middletown store so this can be addressed. Thank you. -Ris
 _ManYouSLEEP a gas station or Walmart
shoutout to the dude at subway in walmart who looks exactly like Steve Carrel
I'm too salty about being stuck at this Walmart
I go to walmart & go nuts in the grocery part.
LastChanceEbay: Spin Master WalMart Exclusive HATCHIMALS Purple/Teal BURTLE Hatching Egg NEW  ebay  deals  toys  g…
 _ManYouSLEEP Walmart
ICYMI: Police shoot, kill man armed with blunt object outside Olathe Walmart - 
 Jenny_sunshine_ my GF had cold feet when I proposed. Well she wasn't my GFbut a Walmart cashier I had a crush on
There was a girl   walmart w a ridge hoodie or t-shirt and she fleeky so if you're on my twitter then hi 😛
Remington Lithium All-In-One Grooming Kit for  13 + pickup at Walmart - 
I used to love  Walmart  now it is beyond terrible ugh! Sad
 AlexxxCoal walmart space heater   return it when heat is turned on
Walmart’s Cyber Monday sale kicks off right now – here are Sunday’s best deals via  YahooTech
Can Amazon's new 'dream team' fix the company's sustainability reputation? 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Fort Myers, FL, FL 
 perfecttwo101 I've seen some strange shit in Walmart
The B1G is just taking money out of Walmart's pockets on this one... Why do they hate big business!? 
Walmart’s new environmental plan includes greener private brand products: via  Store_Brands… 
 EchoesErrant  Pappiness 
And, don't forget the Walmart knife loophole.
We did an undercover, purchased 3 on same day w/o ID.
 knifesense
 yariroldan Thanks for reaching out.The higher priced item might be offered by a Market Place seller and they set their own prices.  -Isa
Ugh went to 3 stores looking for Morgan's bday gift and no luck. So Walmart after class it is. I despise Walmart.
y the fuck are shoes  800 at walmart........ fuck y'all honestly
i can't believe barry is gonna bring kara into this mess when she deserved to never meet walmart-green arrow batman-wannabe
You won't find better cookies that are THIS Easy! ad  BettyCrocker  BakeWithBetty  HolidaysAreComing   xmas2016 >>>… 
I went to Walmart for two things.... 1 hour and  200 later, still didn't buy those two things 😩
 phonzoe Right here 
When your friend hurts her knee and doesn't want to be the only one rolling around walmart after leaving comicon... 
 walmart can i buy my own MC-40 to scan? Instead of hunting one down every morning from 3rd shift?
Spin Master WalMart Exclusive HATCHIMALS Purple/Teal BURTLE Hatching Egg NEW  ebay  deals  toys  games
 BlazeXFire a few bucks under retail 
Ewwww... I just walked in Walmart.. smells like I walked right behind somebody who farted. 😷😷😫😫
 Shatterstar_03 We suggest contacting your local Walmart store directly.
 DailyMail  MailOnline Could have been but NO Legal proof. Next Scam Jill? Hey maybe Walmart over charged for Safety Pins?
Just went go walmart and got tomorrow night off to "go help my aunt in camden." 

Lies, spinny and I are going to  Smackdown in columbia.
LEGO Classic 1,500-Piece Large Creative Box for  50 + pickup at Walmart - 
Just screamed at the greeter at Walmart, not because I'm mad or anything just because I have no volume control 🙄
 goodie4pj They sell jewelry at Walmart don't they?
When you're at Walmart and ice ice baby starts playing  whydidicomehere
Came to walmart & saw like 6 people right off the back that I knew.. now I know why I don't come here
remember when going to Walmart was something to do? not even buying anything, just being hooligans
 dmcmillon17 so sad Walmart has disappointed and angered hundreds of customers by not honoring it's advertised prices on black Friday
Hey  walmart, it's not  CyberMonday if you offer no shipping and make me go to NJ from Brooklyn  Walmart  fail
 MitchellPiepho I bought the four mirrors from Walmart and they were  15 each! Then I bought velcro command strips to hang them with ☺️
Tell me why academy only has 2 lines open? It's just as bad as Walmart
 Wilmington  NC  Job Help Wanted - Walmart - Wilmington, NC Find this Job&More  
Cyber Monday Deal: New Furby Connect Toy only  49 (Reg  99) TODAY ONLY via Price Match at Walmart, ... 
New TopCashBack Members Get a FREE Elsa Doll! (Ends 11/29) via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
Funko PoP! DC Superheroes Killer Croc Impopster Walmart Exclusive  
For 2017 I'm buying 365 Bazinga Walmart T-shirts.  NewYearNewBazinga 
 SeymaShabbir Glad you asked. We are very excited about this camera deal: Don't miss out! -Jazz
Market Value Nov 2008 (  Billions):
—Walmart  210
—Amazon  22

Market Value Nov 2016 (  Billions):
—Amazon  355
—Walmart  220 — JonErlichman
Walmart be having a nigga here all day
💣 threat   Walmart somebody come get me out this mother🙊
 Conrad_Swanson It started at Walmart, I think.
If anyone wants to get me a Christmas present, I'd like the book Milk and Honey. It's about  10 including tax at B&N and online Walmart.
Molasses Cheesecake Bars that are perfect for Christmas and almost too cute to eat! 
I've been in Walmart for almost and hour and my grandma is still in the food section, and she's not even half way through it.
hey  Walmart u gon explain this? 
I saw  TaylerKSmith at Walmart and she's so sweet 😇💕
 Joosseeph_ Check here: 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oshkosh, WI 
 Walmart can't. Bought day after xmas last yr. just opened and put in yard Saturday. 
I bet myself 10 bucks it was at a Walmart. Turns out it was in a Modesto mall - close enough. I, both, win and lose! 
 Nicci_Rose  Walmart 
WTF Walmart?? 😵
 Retweet  EyebrowPencil  2PCS Black Eyeliner Lip Eyebrow Liner Pencil Makeup 
Girllllll 👀 you need my bank info? Moneygram? Walmart to Walmart? Western union? Or just refer a friend. I'll take… 
So I was at Walmart  and this little girl who looks like she is about 3 years old was sitting in a basket. She... 
It starts raining the second I get down at Walmart
Mom: Where r u?
Me: Walmart, Y?
Mom: u were supposed to be here at 9
Me: what time is it?
Mom: 1 am 
LOOK WHAT I FOUND AT WALMART! 
I think I'd rather do  CyberMonday than  Blackfriday. Shopping from the comfort of my couch is better than the Walmart down the street
 yak_face  jeradchil Lots of Rogue One Wave 2 and Walmart Exclusives (including the new 3 pack) at Fremont, CA 
 antbetz  Walmart same exact thing happened to me. Filed a nice claim with the Federal Trade Commission.
 Walmart Thanks Ris but that's online and I needed them in store since I'm only visiting! =(
going to Walmart !
 iPurpleHaze  Walmart You won't get anything from them but a dumb poorly scripted generic response!!! 
 PanaMALAL2 yup. A few places have them at  40, like GameStop/Walmart, and so does Amazon, but they have the white one & the blue 1 for 34.
Walmart sells these little popcorn chickens and i swearrrrr they are my fav
Walmart: Play-Doh 60th Anniversary Celebration 60 Pack Just  9.94 via Couponing to Disney - ... 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Fort Worth, TX 
I liked a  YouTube video Cops Overwhelmed By Walmart Fights: 'There Are Days I Run Out of Handcuffs'
Not even kidding a cashier at Walmart asked me once if one of these was real 😂🙃 
Cyber Monday  Post Black Friday Deals  blogger  Walmart  Target  BestBuy  Walmart  Amazon 
Thanks a lot  Walmart ordered a TV for Black Friday, was mailed the wrong one, then told that they are out of stock.  yousuck  neveragain
Walmart's resell game is ridiculous 👀🔥 
 swainsangel only 6.68 at walmart
 machminer Walmart? Noooooo, You meant Tiffany's, don't you? 😉
We have a bomb threat in Walmart in Greenville Mississippi, I ran a 4 flat to the car
there a super cute girl at this walmart i cannot believe
 ChrisTanasoff I'm sure that you did. The Walmart crowd is laughing at you behind your back, they already know that you are a dick head.
 women nude in walmart girl stripping naked on webcam 
 BofA_Help yeah you could start by waving the  5 money order fee to your members. Walmart only charges  2!! I should have gone there.
Pc genius will this run h1z1 
So unhappy with walmart. They sent me the wrong tv from black friday. All out of stock now. & they say just return it. GG that will help
 DavidDbear the one by Walmart
Looky how the Walmart-shopping, card-punching Red Stater, who felt sooo oppressed, now rejoices in being the oppressor. Want a war?
It's time for sensible Knife Control Laws.  Let's close the Walmart Loophole while we have the momentum.  FoxNews… 
I should go fall at Walmart or Chase Bank!!!! I just wanna relax for 10 years and do as I please.
Went to Walmart & forgot to buy what I went there for 🙄
 ReTweet  CleanWater  2 Pcs Green White Base Water Purify Filter for Faucet 
Mega Bloks Block Scooping Wagon - Thumb Score: 0 Walmart has the Mega Bloks Block Scooping Wagon for only  18.9... 
There is a naked person in front of the Summerville Walmart on the south side entrance  ChattoogaScanner
 goodie4pj I know, I'll wind up at Walmart Xmas eve!
3 employees standing around well people are waiting to pick up stuff at  Walmart one employee actually working....
Chainstore Age - Walmart loses pay fight with truck drivers 
 hotkyannpepper  Walmart of DVD scanners. I can see if they wanted their   back but they were exchanging it for one that wasn't scratched
Lights going off everywhere BUT Walmart 🙄
Walmart loses pay fight with truck drivers 
Hate going to Walmart😑
 jrivera64  NRA macy's, target, walmart must now check backgrounds in kitchenwares. 3 day waiting period for cutlery.
 Bayer  Walmart Here's what a display looks like in Middletown Ny. I need insoles bad.. But I'm not stepping on tha… 
I really don't want to go to Walmart by myself ...
Our setup (with our Grey fabric backdrop and social media kiosks) from Day 1 of Walmart's… 
Walmart loses pay fight with truck drivers 
Walmart has the DEALS 
Son of God (With Christmas Edition O-Ring) (Widescreen)  [ Save 79% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
 hotkyannpepper  Walmart I saw someone try to exchange a DVD that was scratched when they opened it & they wouldn't let them because
- E-commerce won Black Friday weekend. Now ...  ecommerce  tec2day  tech  technews… 
Walmart’s private fleet ordered to pay drivers  55M in back pay, carrier plans to appeal  trucking
Our Realtree collection is a hit! Get a closer look over at  Walmart : 
 Luke_CurlyFries what happened to Walmart
HOT* Play Doh 60 Pack Only  9.94 at Walmart (Originally  19.94) 

 Queenib25 lol at Walmart they have the prepackaged ones , it comes w/ everything in it ..
Give yourself a little something nice this holiday season. The AMD powered  Dell Inspiron is our  AMDDeals pick:… 
 antbetz  Walmart let me know if you need me to join you
 HarmonyCares  HSI_ElPaso  HSAElPaso  NHS join us this Sat. Dec.3 11-7pm  Walmart (Saul Kleinfeld)  ringthebell… 
SAVE  400 on this segway on  amazon NOW. See more deals for  CyberMonday here: 
 chinagomez12 with a car? And knife he can buy at Walmart?
4 more pallets of blessings from Walmart. Jesus fed the 5000. I think we are too. Today. BTW, no booters. Just... 
Yodobashi was like a Super Walmart times four -- and then 9 floors of that.

This isn't a mall. It's one store.

Ho… 
Enter To Win A  250 Walmart Gift Card 
New Walmart Exclusive Rogue One Three-Pack Found! 
 hotkyannpepper  Walmart Ugh! They really are the worst. The phone people are not much better. Had a terrible experience w/them in April
My husband and I came across this lotion at walmart. He has psoriasis and was looking for... 
New report card on toxics:  Walmart &  Target get B’s,  amazon &  Costco get F’s. More at:  MindTheStore
 I_luv_my_Braves  Walmart in store... one of the dvds in the set doesn't work. I just wanted to exchange for same item.
 WalmartCanada Is there an ETA on when we can expect to see these on the shelves in the Greater Toronto Area? 
Found my favorite anime at Walmart.😄  ghostintheshell 
 Ormaga9 We'd like to help. We have a selection of swim trunks including those on clearance and rollback: -Ris
Walmart October-January Sweepstakes
Puchase a gift for a child in crisis December 10 and 11, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. at the Callalen Walmart at Five... 
. WaterWipesUSA Chemical-Free WaterWipes at  IC  AD  WaterWipesWalmart… 
 1st if ELIA meant: "do whatever they want for work" then these kids college educated parents wouldn't be starving… 
 antbetz  Walmart  I emailed the CEO Doug.McMillon wal-mart.com
Win a  200 Walmart Gift Card  slickdeals  giveaway by  bssweeper via  c0nvey
 cockorok  xanderfucker68 stores especially walmart (where i got it from) are cancelling them walmart is being an ass & lots of scalpers
Have a great  BlackFriday? Nothing says  HappyHolidays like fat Americans duking it out over a microwave at Walmart​ 
I need to go to Walmart I need some face mask..
 supermom2422 We still have many Cyber Monday specials on laptops, like this one: Don't miss out! -Jazz
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <mSA9> 
 I_luv_my_Braves  Walmart I have wasted yet another hour in Walmart over something that is their fault. Still no resolution.
 Walmart They helped however I am still annoyed that I couldn't buy it off the shelf at the price on the site. It was 32 more!
 patelgamer90 That's great! Thanks for shopping with us. -Isa
 iPurpleHaze In the event of a pricing error, may refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. 2/2 -Zoe
Come home excited to use the new tv, unpack it only to realize  Walmart doesn't know how to ship items. 
I just can't shop at Walmart. My conscience won't let me 😂
If you don't like  target's policies regarding Restroom usage
feel free to shop at  Walmart with all of the other Neanderthals.
 ByeFelicia
. CocaCola at  Walmart is helping give half a million coats through  onewarmcoat 
 hotkyannpepper  Walmart Did you try to call & return it or return it in store?
Walmart Cyber Monday Sale  cybermonday 
 Walmart ...Save Money. Live Better. is your new slogan...DON'T CANCEL MY ORDERS  HonorBlackFridayDeals
 Walmart I was getting emails saying my account was changed so I called the 800 number and they said to transfer me and the phone dropped
 iPurpleHaze Holds placed by your bank are usually refunded within 5 business days. 1/2 -Zoe
 hotkyannpepper  Walmart They almost didn't let me return a kitchen set we bought on Thursday that was dirty & all in packaging. So gross.
 Aimz_nicole yeah.. there's one on n second that I don't think even IDs 💁🏼 but I feel like Walmart or other stores will give you troubles
Walmart: Propel Fitness Water Only  0.75! on  bloglovin
 PepperidgeFarm why does the bread aisle at my Walmart have none of your product? 
 Aledia_  SpinMaster  slapartist_406  Walmart idk Y ev Xmas companies do this. releasing new   Xmas shd only sell in store&limit 1-2 per ID
I feel so bad for this guy behind me in Walmart his girlfriend keeps screaming at him "you need to stop replying" over and over again 💀😂
 PRT  Specials  Thermos The Rock Beverage Bottle 
The people who work at Verizon by Walmart literally suck and are so rude
. CocaCola at  Walmart is helping give half a million coats through  onewarmcoat  LayerOnLove  ad 
 HokoriBP yes and now for Walmart
If you were ever once a cashier or bagger. Watching people at Walmart self checkout is painful.
walmart is just shitty overall people and products
I Went To Walmart At 1AM Lastnight To Get A Pattie Pie And Now I'm Mad Because I Should've Gotten 2
I liked a  YouTube video from  ods_twatter 24 HOUR WALMART CHALLENGE - KICKED OUT
Wait but why is going to Walmart a treat in college 😭
 tommykiker Walmart! Ten dollars off first order too! I've heard only great things! Excited for 1st pick-up tomorrow!
I drove to Walmart and didn't bother to park. Going to Target.
Just spent  125 at Walmart fml
Got a buggy that works on the first try at Walmart today.  The Lord is moving.
anxiety attacks in the walmart parking lot are Fun
 Ad I have a sensitive skin toddler. I am so happy to try  WaterWipesUSA  Enter to win… 
Thank you Walmart 
"Jury awards Wal-Mart truck drivers  55 million in backpay"  Trucker Read on: 
My half lit Christmas tree because I'm too lazy to go to Walmart. I love being festive 
 JkLee73 Walmart! Ten dollars off first order too! I've heard only great things! Excited for 1st pick-up tomorrow!
 Gingy_Blakes11 go to Walmart
Walmart on Perkins 
 Dubachoad walmart has a decent pioneer 1000w for cheap what i have isn't designed for subs
The clash of future vs present  Forbes  Walmart  amazon  Competition  business  future  Present  past  
Chink 2 in relation to 2 - walmart linguistic community state of affairs: qHxlfhydV
the video will be out late tonight or early tomorrow morning i cleaned up at walmart
 FunMoneyMom  ABTBSRS1  Walmart Thank you Lisa ,now following ,enjoy your day
Walmart 😂😂😂 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <4hiJ> 
walmart version of blogan is trying to trash talk me holy shit i'm weeeaaaak 
EVERYTIME we go shopping in Walmart I walk out with nothing less then 60 . Hate it
Mm Walmart
Need to go to Walmart tonight
Good Samaritan  IsidroZarate  shot and killed at  Walmart identified  domesticviolence 
New strategy: a church within a block of every Walmart = Reached. 
 MyEngland2016  ABTBSRS1  Walmart Thanks! :-)
out of all the places seagulls could be why are they always at Walmart smh
 clairehltt  RTorFAV_1  deadargent stelena is walmart too
 Walmart where can I go for live support for placing an order, I tried to DM but could not
 Walmart atta boy. Be there shortly
Kentabot found 13 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Pets to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
 slapartist_406  SpinMaster  Aledia_  Walmart me too 😕
 ASchallenberger We accept returns without a receipt. Return it to the store with the packaging so we can help. -Isa
 __camaro__ check Walmart? Lol
lacey j. of Sandy Hook, KY  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
HAJAJJAAA! That one dier, it's easy. Midnight run to WalMart for the  5.88 clearance special. 
What do I need from Walmart so I can get free shipping.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <tZP > 
Go 2  Walmart & buy specially marked 7UP, Canada Dry & Squirt 2 give back  .10 to  salvationarmy &  .05 when you use/share  BUYDRINKGIVE  ad
*walk past the Salvation Army in front of Walmart* 
Maddy: "don't ring your bell at me I'm a broke college kid"
I'll give up my guns when Walmart stops selling propane to Muslims !
 MAGA
 TrumpTrain 
Dear Walmart thank you for your constant emails about my package needing to be collected. I live in the UK...Asda maybes...🖕🏽
FIFA is only  28 at Walmart
 VETTED  Somalia  Somali  DejaVu A Somali walks into  Walmart/Mall/University with a knife...  RefugeesWelcome so u… 
Walmart is the worst ever I fucn hate them
Its old but its still funny - People of Walmart Music Video 
 taylorxharwood lmfao  mattxkalbaugh remember that little ass kid hitting on me aggressively in Walmart
Coupon Cialis & 40 mg Cialis Reviews & Generic Cialis at Walmart & Cialis 20mg & Cialis 40 mg Dangers 
I just heard my moms name thru the speaker thing at Walmart 😟
Only I manage to buy two bags of groceries at Walmart and still leave one
Still confused as to why Walmart still open.. it's raining horses out here!
 ITSHoTTa518 Asda is the uk version of Walmart
 Walmart checking to see the status of my complaint
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Chubbuck, ID 
Gearing up for the CP holiday train tonight, train arrives at 7pm St.Clair and Runnymede behind the walmart- 
How to quiet down a Walmart 
walmart is literally the coldest store in the world
Yes I've done it on the floor. But the best was in the bathroom of Walmart
 hectormorenco good idea.....we can have them processed at Walmart and McDonalds so as not to inconvenience anyone.
real walmart hours
 C_VanTimmeren  wwmtnews Looks like he shops at Walmart, in his pajama pants. Should not be hard to find this rocket scientist.
Hey Amazon how can Walmart sell Golds Gym Kettlebells for  6.99 and you lowest cost 10lb starts st  11.99?
 Walmart I actually figured it out. The website didn't work on google chrome but I was able to purchase the tablet using safari.
I asked a guy if he would donate  5 Walmart card to help me do a secret Santa 4 sum families and he said no, nah humbug. please comment...
 caitorade  jason_sweeten "sometimes i'm in a walmart."
Am I being punked??    nicekicks


"There is nothing on Walmart worth getting trampled for" - Bill Burr  miaumiaugluglu 
 mwsuccess02 We encourage you to take the snowman back to the store so our customer service team can take care of this for you. -Ris
why did online walmart say a new 3DS xl was over  300 wtf..
in case you wanted to know, walmart does NOT sell pepper spray. surprised tbh.
 RTorFAV_1  deadargent Chanel vs Walmart
Walmart hosted a four-hour-long, QVC-style  livestream to support its  CyberMonday sales: 
"Walmart" 
 yacura We believe in open communication. Please have him use the Open Door policy at his store to speak with his supervisor. -Zoe
interview with Walmart Wednesday😈💸
Walmart application be so freaking long literally lol.
The Walmart subreddit is so funny
 Shaanonshubby  OriginalFunko  Walmart That is true.
I only date Walmart 10's
Who's "we" BTW? You didn't win anything. You worked at Walmart before your Orange Fuhrer won & you'll be working th… 
 BigYaeYo Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I do not be feeling like going in walmart but you can't beat their prices so......
Also I forgot my swim trunks and  Walmart isn't selling them because they are "out of season" in 80° Texas.
I was just at Walmart picking up a prescription. I think that place is an interstellar hub for alien life forms.
 alyssereneee there's this spray they sell at Walmart that will take it away real quick lol
That's why I stay our the mall, walmart, cornerstone, etc. Fr bruh like I can't leave the store without them something 😂😂😂
Spent A LOT of   in the last week so I punished myself by going 2 Walmart & buyin groceries w dads debit card so I dont spend   eatin out😀😂
"i like that tattoo..it reminds me of walmart" - GettaCloo
I was walking through Walmart and a stranger turned to me and said "you kinda look like taylor swift"
i'm too mad my mama made me come to walmart looking like this 😑
Fucking Walgreens,... not Walmart or target or some shit.
 arhourigan you gotta stay hip for the kids. If Redesigning was a cologne then it would be in the 5  bin at Walmart and 100  at Apple.
i go to walmart
 ROBLOX
It was nice to hear merry Christmas as I walked into Walmart vs. happy holidays 😌
 Know but it got worse when walmart offered her a  998,325 bill back for her change
Enter to win  250 Walmart gift card  
My life consists of Walmart and having nightmares about Walmart 
 DarrinGermany  bpolitics He just fucked Walmart...Which IS fucking over his voters. HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!
How the Pentagon Became Walmart | Foreign Policy 
When you get super excited about  1.96 movies at Walmart ✊
 lauraannsport  Our apologies. Please contact us at so we assist. -Isa
 timberkmbrly I love walmart can't wait until I can go Thursday so did you block that Para Police account
Who wants to ride to Walmart with me
 CyberMonday deal on award winning  lean to  read  game for  kids  Walmart buy now at 
 TheLifeofJulz stop. You don't need no more. Buy ya mom a 🎁from Walmart  instead
 Walmart  WalmartcomUS It's day 4. It's not much money, but I could use it. It could've been over  100. I want my money back. 💰💰💰💰😤
I spent  116 in Walmart today....a bottle of wine may have contributed to that. 🍾
 diawara26 seriously Walmart. Maybe at the bank. she didn't think of that huh! 😑bête la
I forgot the cardinal rule: Never shop Walmart. I'm in pickup line purgatory for my sins.
 KickingWKelly  TheItMom  Walmart Oh!  Have just put on 1kg looking at these deliciously beautiful sweets!
 Walmart No. I'm voicing my concern here as a warning for all potential Walmart customers to see. You have my info, process my transaction.
I will drive to Edmond Walmart before I go to Belle  Aisle any day
Amazon shits on Walmart
 treycurtisphoto I have a sweatshirt from Walmart that I got in 9th grade that's still a good work shirt
 Walmart I purchased it in the store. 😢
 Walmart  Cween_ Sorry to say they will do absolutely NOTHING but ignore you like they did me and many others....… 
One time I dreamed I was being chased by a dinosaur at Walmart
 M3_N_0nly_M3 I work for Walmart in ACC but ik yal dress code lol
I almost lost my religion in Walmart twice today ...
Last chance  Deal on  OREO Cookies!  ad HERE --> It's time to  SnackandSave  Walmart… 
I miss when they had the lobsters in the tanks at Walmart
 excessharry  Lucas_Castel chanel vs walmart ahre
 deborahmc100  Walmart They should discontinue business if they can't honor their own pricing. I'm opening cases on both of them.
 realDonaldTrump using Stein is the only way to reneg on the election nite concession without renegging. H has more storefronts than Walmart
List of top Walmart Cyber Monday Deals 
 pourthethistle CAN I TELL U
well first, LMFAO   walmart disney
and second, I AHVENT SEEN THAT CINDERELLA.....
Texas man who helped woman in Walmart parking lot beating shot dead
                            
                 … 
"Brittni you are as beautiful as every Chi Omega is supposed to be." -Random man whom I've never met at Walmart
 mwsuccess02 We're sorry that this happened with the snowman. Did you purchase in the store or online? -Ris
Or at Walmart 🤔
Walmart might be cheap, but the customer service is too.
Been in a walmart parking lot for fifteen minutes because i want a fucking ditto in pokemon go
 kayleehuskey  laurenalyssac Walmart is the connect for the All Dressed.
IdahoStatesman: Oregon couple stole from Walmart to give Christmas to their kids, police say
… 
 Retweet  CarSeat  Summer Infant Elite Duomat Protect Car Upholstery 
Like how come dairy milk is so cheap at drug stores and non dairy costs more than at like Walmart???🤔🤔🤔
 PetitBonBons :) I also loved Target when we had it, even Walmart sometimes has some nice glass ones for good prices.
gives Amazon stronger holiday competition  ecommerce
On Google: Cyber Monday 2016: Best Cyber Monday Deals, Cyber Monday, Cyber Monday deals, Cyber Monday Sales, Amazon Cyber Monday, Walmart…
Oregon couple stole from Walmart to give Christmas to their kids, police say

Christmas Performance in Fort Worth Dec 4,7,9, 10  party  Longhorn  Horse  christmascarols  Xmas  sears  walmart… 
What it mean if a dude take a woman to Walmart at night to buy a game for them to play? 🤔
Couple accused of stealing Christmas presents for children at Meridian Walmart: 
 thepioneerwoman can we buy this paper at Walmart?  beaver dams fan
Nobody's figured out that everything in WalMart comes from China?  via  bpolitics
 HenryToClean Walmart & qt
EPIC WATER BOTTLE FLIPS ONTO FAMOUS SIGNS!! *WALMART*: via  YouTube
I Know Walmart Cashiers Be Mad When These Food Stamp Having Females Come In They Line W/ 2 Carts Full Of Junk 😂😂
Best Walmart Cyber Monday Deals include  199 iPad min 2 32GB 
With more people holiday shopping online these days, Walmart, in the spirit of the home shopping network and QVC,... 
 yacura Thanks for your support! Click to learn more about our commitment to hire veterans. -Zoe
Easy  Holiday dessert to bake with the kids!   Baking  ad  mummy_mindful
Suspect gets refund from  Walmart for stolen items; other  policereports  Sherman_Police… 
BoeingTTLE BREWING: between Amazon + Walmart: will  PR Agencies need to choose sides?  business… 
Except the restaurant is Mexican because the Chinese one closed, and we aren't big enough to have a Walmart. 😂 
The  best  Cyber Monday deals from Amazon, Walmart, Target, Kohl's and more - Nov 28   4:09 PM ET  
Walmart is playing Schools Out rn... Not saying that it's a bad song, but c'mon why so soon!?
 Cween_  We're sorry to hear this. Please contact us at    so we can help. -Isa
 trainwreckCM  AeTBench paper towel packages/Walmart/tonight
 HenryTheMonarch  Fuck you  Walmart and your  WalmartCareers
And note that while Garanimals is a quality brand, it's not a luxury brand—most of its sales are to Walmart.
Thank you  Walmart for your generous donation to support the Academy students and help us to go  beyondexpectations for our students!
So I bought a grip of old VHS tapes from a thrift this weekend and I looked up prices for a VCR and this what Walma… 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <Fxv\> 
Someone give me a reason why I don’t need 60 containers of Play-Doh. 
chanel vs. walmart 
Kentabot found 70 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Electronics to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
Drawing a penis on a pillow at Walmart with  _ktipp 
Running to Walmart when I get off..today gon be real chill 4 me 🤗
Walmart, you at thot 
 Dillon4Joshua  Acota09 Yeah! Just Do The pick Up In Store Shit And Then Just pull To Walmart Or GameStop To pick It Up...
"target is a lot cleaner than walmart" don't you ever say this to me again, that is an illusion
 AkatsukiArtist Thank you, have you found the Walmart Mystery Funko box?
Did some holiday shopping this weekend at Walmart!  ACTintentionally  MDavisAndSons  WBENCLive
Lmaoooo I was so rude to ole boy who was assisting me at Walmart...my apologies
Me going to Walmart is realizing half way thru the adventure, I did in fact need a cart and am not a god damn pack mule. EVERY SINGLE TIME
 Walmart thanks, I just thought it was a wicked cheap deal haha.
Hey  AmiiboNews look what my Walmart put up early 
 deadpooliskind  hoot_86 Walmart has been putting them up on their website. But it's pre order only
 ThatGuyNate11 I THINK Walmart, cause radio shack over with
Walmart makes yu wanna hate Christmas
catch me at your local walmart asleep in the Ball Cage gripping onto my titties for dear life
Walmart’s private fleet ordered to pay drivers  55M in back pay, carrier plans to appeal 
 TheeCurrentYear Just started a new job at Walmart.  Was finding Jesus.
Walmart: Play-Doh 60-Pack:  9.94 (Reg.  19.94!) via Fabulessly Frugal - Celebrate Play-Doh's 60th ... 
Walmart: Aroma Rice Cooker  9.97 (Reg  29) via Fabulessly Frugal - A rice cooker is a perfect ... 
*RARE* ENO Hammocks Cyber Monday Deal! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money ... 
Best Items on Amazon Pantry to Get FREE Shipping via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, ... 
Jurassic Park Collection ONLY  19.99! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
 Sharp_tK Look on Amazon and Walmart if u want a badass TV
the man who is over all the walmart's in louisiana is in my walmart store..
Wit my people!!!!   Walmart Alexandria - N Mall Dr 
 A_FarScape  Walmart BINGO!!! Media will catch on to this soon!!! 
 B_E_E_Z_ that's good & score! My Walmart that I service wasn't packed this morning like I thought it would be. Guess people are shopped out
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Edinburg, TX 
They know me by name in Walmart shit sad
False advertising Walmart  Walmart 
 Mrlaflame13  Walmart those are third party sellers on the Walmart site I think
 KCTemeChan jet the hawk
-meet me in the Walmart parking lot you fuqing quack
- you're feathers are stupid
- super… 
I've been standing at the fabric station in walmart for almost 10 minutes and 3 employees have walked by and saw me and did nothing ☺
Waiting on an email from Walmart so I can go pick up my game, so that means we might be Returning to Arkham tonight!
And, now I'm hurting.. I just want to go to walmart.
Walmart has also ruined my whole entire day
 Walmart disgusting that you allow these prices on your website and no care that your customers are being ripped of… 
 JamieWalton how many  Walmart employees does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
 PonikvarMatt  ScottPresler and if they don't have a gun they will build a couple bombs from Walmart and still kill many
Pres Elect  realDonaldTrump called walmart today, finally had to go thru 7 humans, none of whom spoke American English. Please  MAGA
Happy  CyberMonday! Find the best deals & why some companies are doing better than others here: via  Forbes
 bitternthensome  Walmart do it anyway.
 newmismatist41 So we can help you with the transfer of the Walmart bucks. Please call the number on the back of your card. ^R
 Kaiitt__  ItsFoodPorn they're at walmart
 andraea_niekole Walmart got some fireeeee, I still rock my faded glory green jacket
Nah, ain't no Keri Hilsons working in walmart. This movie bullshit
 brinaalee lmaooo when we went to Walmart 
 Walmart is doing a  CyberMonday live stream, and I can't look away. 
[Walmart] Soundbar JBL SB350 2.1 Canais 320W Bluetooth Subwoofer Wireless - R  1.799,00 9x  Walmart_BR  TOP
Replenishment Mgr  job in  nwark. Need 10+yrs Replenishment, GRS, & CPFR exp. on  walmart acct.  cpg  
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <T;oj> 
Walmart selfies ✨ 
 deborahmc100  Walmart I've actually considered it but seeing how they're a corporate giant, I'll probably get laughed at
What I need: someone to go to Taco Bell and Walmart with                  What I have: not that
Samsung 49" 1080p Smart Curved LED HDTV  447.99 ...

 Deals

Read more: 
Cute guy that works at walmart, date me!🙃
 dpshow Yeah, U got paid, but Walmart Ad VERY BoeingD! Hurts your brand Stick to sports, ur not actors. Paulie's stache bad.
me:*hears christmas music*
also me: ITS NOVEMBER
walmart: disturbance in isle three
the man who is over all the walmart's in louisiana is in my walmart store.. 😅
 GracefulNatalie We'd like to know more about the avocados. Please call 888-658-6325 to so we can check this further. -Ris
when i guest with  itssnowhimself 
me: hey
snow: laggy
snow: walmart wifi
me: ik
snow: this wifi is trash
snow: potato wifi
snow: *drops*
I got to go all out the way since they wanted to close Walmart on MLK
Meeting vegan guys in the neighborhood Walmart 😂 > 
Why a midget running across Walmart 😂😂
Walmart hires all these bum ass niggas but won't hire me. Fuck y'all.
 Walmart Decor my lawn yest 4 xmas today pop up snowmn broken? Metal pipe broke? Really? Poor qualty! 1st use horriblequality  justoutofbox
Bob the unattractive red elephant from Walmart,
you will meet the most interesting people in the cat food aisle in walmart
HELP ME! I'm at Walmart!!!😱
You Will Not Believe This Walmart Surveillance Camera Footage 
Best 'Cyber Monday 2016' Deals: Cameras From Amazon, eBay and Walmart - Forbes 
Walmart employees when they walk to their register and see a full line 
Samsung 60 inch at walmart for 900 for cyber monday. I want that shit sooo bad
Walmart tries using  blockchain to take unsafe food off shelves  foodsafety  foodtech
Honestly I'm so lost and confused on how to grow up and do life. Every day I feel like an eight year old who lost their mom in Walmart
"He's like Walmart on Instagram, but Gucci in real life. He is fiiinnneee" ~ angelicadude
Hint hint friends 😁  astral_luis  Lucky_Chanel  iguess2death  d_chin_chilla  luislololol 

 walmart  target and  amazon rebates now available on ebates  ebates promo code 
Walmart cashier informed me he was one of the "lucky" 50 to score the limited Burger King cologne. What a time to be alive.🍔
 Walmart is livestreaming cybermonday: 
 Walmart  antbetz BINGO!!! Media will catch on to this soon!!! 
 MarioLongoriaJR every time we go to Walmart 😂 
U.S. Retail Alliance Led By  Walmart Approved Bangladesh Factories, Even When They Ignored Safety Problems... 
Never shopping online again!. Walmart scammed me and I'm not getting my TV today.
 Christina_tigg Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
We love spending  holidayswithbetty!  bettycrocker 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <=nVS> 
[Walmart] Soundbar JBL SB350 2.1 Canais 320W Bluetooth Subwoofer Wireless - R  1.799,00 9x 
 bitternthensome  Walmart me too. File a complaint with the BBB.
 ToysForTots_USA continues this week with events today at  Target, tomorrow at  Kmart, and Wednesday at  Walmart.… 
Spent 500 years trying to find the food  Tiarriioo wanted at Walmart
There was a flyaway Walmart bag caught in our tree. I took it down and replaced it with a Victorias Secret bag so we don't look trashy.
made it thru a Walmart trip without killing anyone.... and scored the Gdaughters present too!  SCORE!
How do you prepare for the holidays? I stock up on IMODIUM®, LACTAID® and PEPCID® to  GetReliefFromTheFeast.  ad
this is amazing. Everything, mall, cinema, resturants, walmart clothing store... EVERYTHING is less than 10 minutes from my parents house.
The Verge: Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can't look away 
lol super weird bt i had a dream last night cin & i were shopping at walmart then i saw  taylor_hamlin walked into to look for  koltokol14
Walmart is doing a  CyberMonday live stream, and I can't look away 
I rock shit from walmart. Men an womens department fuck what yah heard 😌😂😂😂 
 Walmart  Black  Friday  Samsung  Savings  Event w/  Savings Up to  60%  Off  (Online  Only)  Sale  
 AMDDeals alert! There's still time left for  CyberMonday! The  Lenovo Ideapad will help you get ahead:… 
 br0wnskvn_ and she chose walmart out of ALL stores to go buy stuff with them on her head, she bold asf 😴😂
Final days to  save on  Oreo with this  coupon at  Walmart  snackandsave  walmart  OREOcookies  ad 
 Walmart:  39.00 Skylander Imaginators Starter Pack ( 75 Value)  sywr  kmart  deals
Walmart employees are trained to not assist people
Swingline 79174 TOT Mini Stapler, 12-Sheet Capacity, Pink  [ Save 80% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Offers 
TECH: Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can't look away 
 Kiepaige143 girl Walmart has where you can order your groceries online and literally drive through to get them, I haven't done it yet tho 😳
Walmart: FREE Barilla Traditional Basil Pesto Sauce!!!  walmart  free  dinner  couponcommunity 
 GWorkman52  SpinMaster  slapartist_406  Walmart Best solution is to keep them off dotcom for now and limit in store purchases
Walmart: Propel Fitness Water Only  0.75! 
 antbetz  Walmart in my case they're blaming OJ Commerce LLC. I already filed a complaint with them now I shall do it for Walmart as well
 Walmart I am calmed down now from my drive and confrontation with Walmart but why isn't this price honored? 
This weird girl from the epping Walmart subway messaged me on facebook on Saturday but I still haven't replied..
Today you can save  129 on an  iRobot Roomba Vacuum Cleaner! See more deals for  CyberMonday here:… 
Big names, big deals! The 10 best Cyber Monday sales of 2016: 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
eBay: 1997 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake TEDDY BEAR White Boy 22"…  usa  teddybears… 
I love going to Walmart with  stxrmys 😂😂😂💀
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 11/28/2016 3:59:58 PM
My 3-yr-old asks, "Where are we going?" My wife answers, "Crazy." 3-yr-old, "Mom, I think we're almost there." She IDs Walmart as Crazy
 antbetz  Walmart yep. Me too. File a complaint with the Better Business Bureau you can also contact the media. They should honor prices!
 aprylerskine085  SteveStfler  vine  meganvickerss_  _Amberpeters I PLAYED THIS IN THE MIDDLE OF WALMART WITH MY MOM AND UR DAD
I had a dream someone go to Walmart and get me a Patti Labelle sweet potato pie thank you.
"For most people, the  Amazon Prime vs.  Walmart ShippingPass isn’t much of a debate." 
 SoonerBeerSnob  Your children need this. Yes the boy too, he is going to love it.
Everybody get me Walmart/Target gift cards for Christmas! If you're getting me something tell me so I can add you to my list as well 😊
Not sure if I want to buy a yoga mat from like Walmart or order one off amazon.
Check out  WaterWipesUSA ! Diaper days are over, but I still use them for so many things!  IC  ad  WaterWipesWalmart 
me and  HunterKington08 just caused a scene in Walmart then paid for everything in change. Pretty sure they hate us.
 directvnow launch event. Major shift coming in pay TV from high costs & margins to low costs & margins. Think of what Walmart did to Sears.
 __Mvvmx Walmart
Why is Walmart playing depressing ass songs b
There should be a Mix and match candy cane section at Walmart of all the brands out there.  revolutionary
Grocery shopping in America  Walmart 
Now that I copped mine (lol).  Battlefield1 is on sale at Walmart for  27.
Just walked into Walmart and some dude is yelling at the greeter about the college football playoff selection committee.  tistheseason
Not that I need it but thought this was lovely sofa 
Update; the medicine I got didn't work so I'm going to Walmart to get another kind 😭😂
Fraud victim has 'brutal' 3-year battle with Walmart and Equifax over damaged credit - Manitoba - CBC News  
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Woodbury, NJ 
 Dillon4Joshua 2k And GTA 30 Hot Is Online Walmart Or GameStop Cuh.
 AwkwardHandle you don't remember the whole deal with pattie labelle pies at Walmart last year?
I received  3 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Who leaves packages in an unlocked door?! Who? Why? And delivered it a day early! With no notice?!?  FedEx  Walmart
Tidewater Walmart customer service 🚮
free download ppt slides for walmart Powerpoint Presentation -   free  download  ppt  slides  for  walmart
Hanna talking about all her MK purses and I'm sitting over here with a  15 purse from Walmart lmao
Lowkey didn't know Walmart was open 24/7 😂
 3 Feck college! Nothing but commie trash teachin, we can verify this cause we taped every lecture sellin BS for  5… 
Who tf is gonna replace my baby's  200+ christmas gift?!  FedEx  Walmart
News Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can’t look away 
 hon3ychild damn you're house trippin too? Try walmart
Shopping at Walmart is so much better when they play Ice Ice Baby.
i have to go to walmart for the 2nd time in two days rip
Never order from to do an onsite pickup... don't do it to yourselves.
smoking near the walmart petrol station becaus im a true rebel 
Walmart is straight up playing the Macarena
Why would  Walmart ship a fuckin iPad and not request signature at delivery and why would  FedEx leave it in an unlocked door?!
 PRT  BabyFood  Sprout Organic Fruit and Veggie Blend Pear Kiwi and 
 easybardot We understand. We can also give you the number of your store location to contact them directly. -Ris
 YoshiGorgeous fr 😂 working at Walmart and McDonalds they whole life.
Our detectives have charged Amer Tayeh with two counts of robbery for crimes committed recently at two different… 
So my baby's iPad was delivered a day early and was stolen from my porch  fedex  Walmart
 antbetz please follow and direct message us so we can assist you further. -Tammi
Walmart taps artificial intelligence to deliver the next-gen of personal shoppers  Wired  CA_Rewrite… 
Only at Walmart will u see a bum bitch with underware on her fucking head smh 
I have calculated the number of times I go to Walmart during 1 week & I've discovered that I go to Walmart more than I wash my hair
me and maria just almost ran over an old lady with a shopping car in walmart
Walmart in mid afternoon is kinda surreal like it just consists of soccer moms who look vaguely pissed off
UPDATE-
The subject in the accident that occurred at Walmart this weekend has been identified.  Thank you for your help.
Them females that was in Walmart fine
Instead of splurging like I had planned on, I spent  140 at Walmart on food 😂
 LilRemi_ThickAF I'm finna come to Walmart and get them
 Walmart  Mrlaflame13  Wow Tammi, how RUDE are you? Laughable since you guys don't have a "crystal clear" way of DE… 
As Labor Activists Organize Against  Walmart In China, Government Refuses To Crack Down... 
New: Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can’t look away 
On my way to Walmart to stock up on milk and bread!! 
 antbetz  Walmart I drove farther out to a store that still had them which makes it more frustrating.
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Sutton, WV 
I go to Walmart so much lol especially with my mom.
Is this on your Christmas shopping list?

Walmart: Skylanders Imaginators Starter Packs Just  39… 
 stegman_katelyn is pushing me in a cart around Walmart and I can honestly say I'm terrified for my life.
But most Americans can't afford to shop other than Walmart, etc.  BernieSanders how do counterbalance  minimumwages… 
There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
 GotItFree There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 maisonvieblog  deborahmc100  Walmart  btw we all thought we had gotten the item so missed out on any other discounts we might have gotten!
Is this a good price for this? And, shipping is free?  shoppingoverload 
 zjhunn also, I wore that sweatshirt yesterday.  not to brag - but that's the best  5 I've ever spent at walmart.
 AnnetteLBC We give the uneducated people of walmart more power than the ones smart enough to get the fuck out.
What if? Then what?   Walmart Supercenter Jacksonville - Collins Rd 
 carolinekbarham hmu also HURRY up we gotta go to walmart
 lhfang They spied on CAP or TP, right? And then CAP still solicited money from them: 
It beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Find our easy trick for getting into the holiday spirit here:    ad
Its too bad retail pays such shit. Ppl at walmart get treated better than i do.
 TIME don't shop at Walmart. They have a financial advantage because they don't pay and use welfare system for benefit program.  JUST DON'T
:D OurWalmart Activist Group Designs Chat App For Workers To Organize  :D PLEASE SHARE W I D E L Y... 
Protesting on a college campus is a lot like going to Walmart and asking people to buy your mix tape.
patiently waiting for  stephanieraie to come back to Walmart so i can get a good laugh
I hate running into people I know at Walmart. Stopping in the middle of an aisle to have a conversation makes me feel old
i hate having to go in walmart...
 GWorkman52  SpinMaster  Aledia_  Walmart makes mensick
U kno what dey should sell at walmart... 
whatever dude is responsible for upping walmart's frozen pizza game to stratospheric levels s/o to you
 WaltonFamilyFdn  WFFKaren  WFFMarc
 Walmart  YOU ARE A DISGRACE to SAM WALTON'S legacy!!!! 
 Walmart Walmart doesn't sale Jordan's
 News  pinterest  sweepstakes See whats new in November  contests win   250  Walmart Gift Card from  SweepsInvasion
my entire life I walked through Walmart and I didn't even know they sold clothes 😭😭😭 IM OBLIVIOUS
we deadass skipped 4th period to come see fish at Walmart 😂😩
this fucking guy taking a shit in the street and after i being silly at walmart lol
 SpikesJanette  albornoz_cora He dissed Trump, lost his Walmart contract and cant afford to eat. Nothing newsworthy here.  MAGA
Fraud victim has 'brutal' 3-year battle with Walmart and Equifax over damaged credit

I can't believe Walmart finessed me like that.
 A_FarScape  Walmart I smell a SCAM. Imagine how many other customers are being screwed like we are.  boycottwalmart  shoddybusinesspractice
can't come to walmart w/o oomf being here
 kanebrown look Kane Walmart is getting ready for u!!! Coming out December 2nd ya'll 
.  poise Impressa Bladder Supports can give you the confidence to  LivePadFree every day-Find them at  Walmart …  ad
Best 'Cyber Monday' 2016 Deals: Amazon, Apple, Best Buy, Target And Walmart via  forbes 
I buy  handsofstone on DVD last night at  Walmart for the low price of  12.96 and  HandsofStoneMov is my favorite b… 
What are my chances Walmart won't be a nightmare tonight?  I have an in-store pick up to get
i love walmart lol.
 Walmart your web link does not provide me with assistance. I can provide you with my confirmation   on this open forum, and you can fulfill
 LacieAnnistyn that time we went into walmart & they said "welcome to walmart" & you said "welcome" 
In other news,  Walmart market needs to get it together because their avocados are disgraceful 🙅🏽😷
Some Scalper predicted Walmart's Charizard  amiibo at their house
 Mrlaflame13 No need to be confused about the Jordans, Van-Poppel. How can we help make things crystal clear for you? -Tammi
 The1NamedErica You're welcome! We're always happy to help. -Zoe
Fox 2 News: The best Cyber Monday deals from Amazon, Walmart, Target, Kohl’s and more 
PLUG, but still:  Ragan's power leadership shindig  Facebook features biggies  EdelmanPR,  Walmart,  WeberShandwick 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <q]8=> 
Look like Walmart 😂😂😂😂 
Like damn it's just Walmart what you got to be so difficult for 😂
Walmart just revealed its 16 best-selling deals of Cyber Monday 2016 so far 
Walmart Canada: Create Personalized, 3D Printed Christmas Ornaments for  10  3dprinting 
Ok but a Walmart commercial just made me smile and laugh a lot
 antbetz  Walmart The manager said that is the online price but the advertisement says for in store purchase only.
timverge Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can't look away 
I go into Walmart excepting to only get Hershey kisses and  40 later I walk out with Hershey kisses and 5 movies 😂😅
If anyone wants to go insane today,  I suggest going to Walmart 🙃
walmart sells stuff at like way more than other sites do titans returns deluxe class toys are usually around  20 at walmart theyre almost 30
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 11/28/2016 3:47:42 PM
Wal-Mart selling  18,000 Cartier watch on Cyber Monday: 
Kettle bell ringing at West Rome Walmart 3-8pm!  salvationarmy   Walmart Rome - Redmond Circle NW 
Cyber Monday Sale at Walmart 
 Kissyyyyyyyyy never heard of GCU? Then again I'm going into Walmart and my brain is already dead lol
me: walks into walmart
me: walks out with a book, a movie, a doll, a shirt, and stackable disney figurines
 News Walmart is doing a Cyber Monday live stream, and I can't look away 
If you want your television to last more than two years don't buy a Funai  Walmart  WPXI  CBSPittsburgh  USATODAY
Sharing the latest  news in  tech and  entertainment from  TheVerge 
 Walmart are u sure they will refund me? i dont want them to think i am lying :(
 OriginalFunko  Walmart sweet
You can't make me feel guilty Salvation Army guy outside of Walmart, I'm broke too.
Chey has a weird obsession with Walmart
 TwiKraina: Walmart is live-streaming Cyber Monday see more 
Glen Ellyn Walmart Fails Tobacco Compliance Check 
 _syddalexis thank you hun! & I moved to the one in walmart🤕..
Catch Mr. Scott killin it on the piano outside Walmart
 antbetz  Walmart And they had no explanation. They wouldn't even look it up on a computer.
I wonder if Ashley going to Walmart tonight?
Best Walmart Cyber Monday Deals include  199 iPad min 2 32GB: Walmart bets big on Cyber Monday. The retailer even… 
 easybardot Oh no! Please return to the store with your receipt and speak with customer service so this can be addressed for you. -Ris
 Walmart s Nightmare circle, be ready to be sued if I end up with nothing.
Nothing interesting happened but in the beginning I felt like I was at walmart on black friday cuz they opened the doors like CHARGE
 Battlefield1  PS4 (at  Walmart Supercenter in St Petersburg, FL) 
 Walmart and i would like to know the songs u played before i consider it sound torture then deprival of customer
 timberkmbrly So not fair I don't get paid until the first so want to see if Walmart has paranormal stuff like they showed in ad.
I live close to that Walmart I really wanted to meet you guys so much I love you guys so much 
Damn this lady said she has her whole social security paying into Walmart sorry lady that's pretty fuckin stupid lol
 thomashaffey Thanks again for bringing this to our attention! -Zoe
It's crazy how many mindless sheep flocked to the internet to bitch about gun violence today when the guy had a machete he bought at Walmart
This Monday, easily earn instant gift cards! Amazon, Best Buy, Starbucks, Walmart  freestu… 
Walmart sells a bunch of fun face masks this size for only  1! 😊 
 Walmart No email from them, don't pick up the call, don't call back, went to the store, they said call or check your email, it's a circle
 rushlimbaugh Cuba your plan u would be crying zero dif in 60 yrs Dems plan u would be crying that  7.50 hr 4 the 9 new Walmart's is to much
Almost passed out in Walmart? So that was fun🙃👌🏻
We have articles on the magic of Instant Pot Experience it yourself with 46% off TODAY!… 
.  amazon offered the lowest prices for 35% of its sample assortment of  toys on  CyberMonday followed by  Walmart… 
 Walmart  Wal-Mart loses pay fight with California truck drivers, ordered to pay  54 million. Read more:  Walmart
Cyber Monday - The day to do the majority of your online Christmas Shopping! No matter who you have left on your... 
check this out There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
i need to go to walmart and the outlets still 😩
FUCKING FIX IT U NIGGARD WALMART
If you want your television to last more than two years don't buy a Funai  Walmart
Walmart Envisions the Shopping Cart of the Future 
 faitdetoiles im not 😂i can see y u would think so. When i worked at walmart i once was scheduled til midnite and start at 5 am the next day
well theres always walmart... 
 TheyLoveMira 😂😂 we need to do a discount trip together 😭 you can use my Walmart & belks lmbo
 antbetz  Walmart I just got back from Walmart and they would not sell this item at the advertised price. 
 IdreeseOfficial  Walmart WELL IF U DONT HAVE PLAYLIST INFO ATLEAST FIX YOUR WATER FOUNTAIN 59 NEAR MURPHY BY CHICK FIL A
 SpinMaster  slapartist_406  Aledia_  Walmart guess they're using similar bots 4hatchimals too😕 sad some kids won't… 
I've just read online that Hatchimals are at Walmart in cole harbour. 
Call ahead to be sure but for those of you... 
Walmart is Doing A Cyber Monday Live Stream and | |  ColdHardLight 
the fact i memorize my credit card number is really bad, how do i forget so i can stop shopping?  CR  mandee  kohls  vape  timbs  walmart
 Walmart let my info so they would call me back, 5 hours have passed still haven't received their call. I know nothing about my objects..
I am never, never, ever, ever going to Walmart again. I only go once a year or so because of desperation but I left shaking today....
On November 13th, 2016, an unknown female suspect committed a theft of store merchandise from the WALMART,... 
spend a check and get it right back 🤑   Walmart Portsmouth -… 
 Kobe0802 who the fuck has a Walmart app on their phone. Oh hold up  Kobe0802 does.
i just wanna put it out there that I got the cup at walmart for like 3 
YO WE ARE WATCHING THIS THING ABOUT WALMART IN MY GLOBoeingL STUDIES CLASS AND THEY SHOWED A HUGE CROWD DOING THE WALMART CHANT I'M TRIGGERED
 waldvogelk We're sorry to hear that. Was it Savings Catcher you contacted or another contact area? -Zoe
chanel vs walmart 
 truebrandguru Same here!! BOYCOTT WALMART!!!!! 
Best Walmart Cyber Monday Deals include  199 iPad min 2 32GB  CyberMonday  Walmart 
You can purchase my new album editions and DVDs at  Walmart! 💟 💟 still discounted, for this week only!
 vegalentine Because of Obama I ran into a huge man in a dress with long fingernails in the ladies at walmart last week. TERRIFIED ME
Walmart 11pm-3am 
Walmart had to check my ID so I could buy Magic Mike😂
 Walmart  25 dollars gift card to make up the inconvenience, I called 3 times today, all lines busy with a waiting time of about 45 minutes
10 Items for  10 or Less at Walmart.. Related Articles: 
BOYCOTT WALMART!!!!! 
 Walmart why are ur baby alive dolls so expensive on the site and in stores it's cheaper?The site says it about  100 more.  retailscam
 antbetz Hi Anthony. Please contact us at so we can assist you further. -Tammi
Every time I go to Walmart I all the sudden need so many things
 primalnacl  TekThing Bummer, though some stores DID have them - re: Canada: 
I hate when I try to go to Walmart for one thing & make a wrong turn and end up at the mall. And four big shopping bags later 🙄
 Walmart Worst thing, Deals will be gone when they email me that there was an error. I'll end up with nothing, not even a ridiculous...
Walmart Cyber Monday Sales Have Begun! 
Retailers Heavily Discount Video Games To Drive Sales  EA  ATVI  Walmart  MSFT  TTWO  GME  NTDOY 
 IYR Last Price Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 6:15:20 PM  Walmart  UNH  IVOV  XRX 
 Walmart  AMZN:

Wal-Mart’s Online Sales Get Some Jet Fuel:


 Walmart Wal-Mart is Upping the Ante in Online Fight (Walmart, TGT) 
Walmart covered call  Walmart 
 Walmart chart: Walmart covered call. 
Retailers Heavily Discount Video Games To Drive Sales:  Walmart  EA  MSFT  TTWO  ATVI  SNE  NTDOY  GME
And the early  CyberMonday winners are...  Walmart  AMZN  TGT & more 
 XGTI Percent Change Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 4:15:20 PM  IKGH  IVOO  Walmart  MT 
 Walmart Holiday Shopping Outlook Cut As In-Store Spending, Traffic Fall 
Hey  walmart, it's not  CyberMonday if you offer no shipping and make me go to NJ from Brooklyn  Walmart  fail
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart: Progress, But Is It Enough?:


Wal-Mart: Progress, But Is It Enough?  Walmart
 Walmart Sadove: Amazon's the gold standard everyone has to delive... 
Retailers looking to cash in on  CyberMonday better win dads with kids  TGT  BBY  Walmart  Apple… 
Here's Why  CyberMonday Has Become Bigger Than Ever  AMZN  TGT  Walmart  Apple  MSFT 
 Walmart  Wal-Mart loses pay fight with California truck drivers, ordered to pay  54 million. Read more:  Walmart
Was He Implying  Walmart for  TWTR to Gain  onlineshopping Presence ?  Macys  SaraEisen  BillGriffeth  AMZN Has Huge Lead In The Space  outofbox
 Walmart Retailers Heavily Discount Video Games To Drive Sales 
 UUP Stock Forum Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 3:15:21 PM  MNKD  Walmart  TBT  NKE 
 CyberMonday deals are here:  Amazon  Walmart  Target  Kohls  Gap  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  KSS  GPS
 AMZN If  Amazon goes down more tomorrow, will be a good time to sell weekly OTM put spreads on this one.  options  stocks  Walmart  QQQ  SPY  V
bot cat food on black friday - and it WASN'T on fkkin sale.
usu buy anything else some other time. don't u?  
 wmt… 
 Walmart Don't Shop for These 4 Retail Stocks 
Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Has  20,117,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Does  cybermonday still matter? The early numbers are in  AMZN  Walmart  TGT WATCH our take here -->… 
Black Friday strikes again!  M  KSS  JWN and  Walmart lost 241bps in '12; 53 in '13; 215 in '14; 206 in '15 on Mon after. Today: -144... so far
It's  CyberMonday!  Walmart and  BBY are beating sales forecasts, so their deals probably won't be as good as other pla… 
 SMH News Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 2:15:20 PM  XLV  XOP  Walmart  ON 
 Walmart The Winner and Loser Stocks From Black Friday Weekend 
Holiday price war intensifies as  WalMart and  Target pursue  Amazon via  business  Walmart  AMZN
Black Friday Sales Momentum Carries Into Cyber Monday  AMZN  Walmart  Apple  BlackFriday  CyberMonday
Black Friday Sales Momentum Carries Into Cyber Monday:  ADBE  MSFT  SNE  Apple  AMZN  Walmart  T  BoeingBoeing  M  COST
Love the note on Walmart. Cap ex is key especially now that CEOs are finally more optimistic  Walmart 
Bottom line? We really like Walmart.  Walmart 
Won't be surprised to see  BBY and  Walmart make a run against  AMZN here for a bit 
Peak Amazon? It May Begin With A Bang, Not A Whimper  CSCO  FB  Google  NFLX  TGT  Walmart  YHOO  GOOG  AMZN
YahooFinance: Wal-Mart, Best Buy winners as holiday shopping season kicks off  Walmart  BBY 
 Rock_Rogers  Walmart delivering the TV wood Trump hater  AMZN no sale, keeping my  100 gift card from complaint lodged, free a fair price.
The Hottest Gift This Christmas |  NTDOY  AMZN  Walmart  BBY  GME  TGT | 
YahooFinance: Wal-Mart, Best Buy winners as holiday shopping season kicks off  Walmart  BBY  …
Wal-Mart, Best Buy winners as holiday shopping season kicks off  Walmart  BBY 
 Walmart Key Trends In Online Shopping This Holiday Season  AMZN  TGT  SPY  stocks  stockmarket  finance  investing  DIA
Business LOTP update: FoxBusiness: Retail stocks over the past week. 
 Walmart 
 LOW 
 TGT 
 M  busniess  news
 XRIM  MONEY : FoxBusiness : Retail stocks over the past week. 
 Walmart 
 LOW 
 TGT 
 M … 
Retail stocks over the past week. 
 Walmart 
 LOW 
 TGT 
 M  business
Retail stocks over the past week. 
 Walmart 
 LOW 
 TGT 
 M 
Cyber Monday promotions run wild as retailers battle mighty Amazon  AMZN   Walmart  TGT  BBY 
 BBY  Walmart  AMZN  TGT:

Ex-Best Buy CEO urges big-box chains to make Amazon-type …:


CyberMonday met MomentumMonday. Discussed:  AMZN,  Walmart,  TGT,  UNP,  S,  ZAYO,  LNG,  OKE,  MAT,  DIS  investools
 EBoeingY  AMZN  Walmart  ADBE:

Cyber Monday’s Reign as Top Online Spending Day Threatened:


 Walmart  KSS  AMZN:

Cyber Monday works to keep its crown after blockbuster Black …:


Wal-Mart, Best Buy winners as holiday shopping season kicks off  Walmart 
"There's something going on at  BricksandMortar - I'm not sure how  AMZN is doing this year"  jimcramer  HalftimeReport 

 BBY  TGT  Walmart
Stock  ETFs Pause With Retail & Tech Sectors In Spotlight On  CyberMonday  AMZN  BBUY  Walmart  JWN via  IBDinvestors 
 Walmart Wal-Mart, Best Buy winners as holiday shopping season kicks off 
 Walmart:

Valuation Analysis Of Marks & Spencer And Wal-Mart To Determine …:


This is the bold kind of claim one of my thought leaders Warren Buffet probably doesn't like  M  Walmart  NRD
Valuation Analysis Of Marks & Spencer And Wal-Mart To Determine Upside Potential  MRWSY  Walmart  MAKSY
Benzinga: How Amazon Wins Black Friday  AMZN  TIF  Walmart via MotifInvesting
 Amazon  Disruption - Sell  WalMart,  Target As Soon As You Can...  4ir  tech  innovation  amzn  wmt  tgt  ecommerce 
The e-commerce giant has its own network effect.  AMZN  Walmart  TGT 
How Amazon Wins Black Friday  AMZN  TIF  Walmart via  MotifInvesting
Amazon, et al. Black Friday a ‘Dud’ For Wal-Mart, Says MKM - Tech Trader Daily - Barron's  AMZN  Walmart  URBN  LULU 
Smartphones Conquer Black Friday, Analysts Say 'Never Seen Crowds This Soft'  HAS  MAT  SNE  TGT  VZ  Walmart  NTDOY ... 
 Walmart Stock Price Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 11:15:20 AM  ILF  X  Apple  VALE 
 AMD Stock Forum Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 11:15:20 AM  JNK  XOM  Walmart  MTG 
 SCO Company Info Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 11:15:20 AM  AMAT  RHT  PMCB  Walmart 
 TGT  AMZN  Walmart  COST  MA:

6 tricks to keep your holiday bills under control:


Benzinga: Dollar General Less Immune Than Other Discounters To The Wal-Mart Effect  DG  DLTR  Walmart
 AMZN  Walmart:

How Amazon Wins Black Friday:


Dollar General Less Immune Than Other Discounters To The Wal-Mart Effect  DG  DLTR  Walmart
Adobe:  mobile big impact on  Thanksgiving/ BlackFriday sales -  TGT  Walmart  EBoeingY  AMZN  Apple  GOOG  mcommerce 
 iOS drove larger sales than  Android (but not much) dur  Thanksgiving/ BlackFriday -  AMZN  Apple  GOOG  EBoeingY  Walmart 
Amazon and Walmart are each other's biggest competition in the war for  CyberMonday:   Walmart… 
Small loss on  NFLX  NVDA  SBUX but was able to cover it all with  200++  TSLA &  Walmart Profits! Thanks  yinhosan for… 
 CyberMonday To Keep  AMZN  Amazon ,  Walmart  Walmart Busy - 
Asswipes slammed  wmt down.
Volume tells you  SNE  SONY is becoming  takeover target who will buy it?   Apple  FB  MSFT  AMZN  Google  CMCSA  BBY  Walmart  COST  TGT  FOXA  T
 Walmart a slow driver but driving.
 Walmart Stock Forum Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 10:15:21 AM  MTSL  DNR  Apple  GM 
 SCON Financials Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 10:15:21 AM  Walmart  HYG  TLT  NFLX 
Retail sales fall on Black Friday, Cyber Monday hopes tempered for big box retailers.  TGT  Walmart  XRT  XLY  M  SHLD  JCP
 AMZN can't be down on  CyberMonday don't they have the best prices?  Umm don't they??   ehh

 BBY  TGT  Walmart  COST  jimcramer  JeffBezos
 Walmart  AMZN:

Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Amazon:


 AMZN  Amazon Shareholders, This Shopping Season Should Have You Worried  Walmart  stockmarket  stocks  investing  SPY
 AMZN  Walmart  BBY  ULTA:

Black Friday Store Traffic Softer Than Prior Years, Says KeyBanc …:


Black Friday Store Traffic Softer Than Prior Years, Says KeyBanc/Pacific Crest ................  AMZN  Walmart  BBY
Black Friday Store Traffic Softer Than Prior Years, Says KeyBanc/Pacific Crest  AMZN  Walmart  BBY ... 
TIL: This Thanksgiving, Walmart sold 150 million pounds of turkey and ham.  Walmart
Black Friday disappointed--will this mean a fall in retail  stocks?  KSS  TGT  Walmart  M  COST 
Even more traditional retailers like Walmart and Target expect bigger sales to come today: 
 EXPE News Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 08:15:20 AM  TOPS  ABX  TRQ  Walmart 
 XLV Stock Forum Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 08:15:20 AM  EA  GDXJ  Walmart  TWTR 
Early movers:  AMZN,  M,  Walmart,  TGT,  JWN,  Boeing,  Merck,  DIS,  WFC,  T & more 
It's Cyber Monday, Millions of Americans Expected to Shop Online via  TheStreet  Walmart  TGT
Some Early movers ...

 AMZN  M  Walmart  TGT  JWN
 Boeing  Merck  DIS  WFC  T  PNRA
 ATVI  COP  RHI  EW  CME  HAS

(more)
EARLY MOVERS:  AMZN  HAS  CME  EW  RHI  COP  ATVI  T  PNRA  WFC  DIS  Merck  Boeing  M  JWN  TGT  Walmart - CNBC 
 AMZN  M  Walmart  TGT  JWN:

Early movers: AMZN, M, Walmart, TGT, JWN, Boeing, Merck, DIS, WFC, T …:


Early movers:  AMZN,  M,  Walmart,  TGT,  JWN,  Boeing,  Merck,  DIS,  WFC,  T & more  
 AMZN is bigger online than the next 10 retailers combined. The goal is becoming a strong 2nd place player.  Walmart… 
Many losers from Black Friday weekend  Apple  Walmart  TGT  AMZN  M  JCP  SHLD  HAS  MAT   
DATA : Retail Visits Decline and eCommerce Up : Retail wars continue on Cyber Monday  Walmart  TGT  XLY  XRT
 AMZN  Walmart  TGT:

Brick-and-mortar retailers face key test in battle versus Amazon:


Welcome Back!  News You Can Use to Start your Week:  OPEC  Oil  BlackFriday  Recount  SPY  AMZN  Walmart --… 
There is no on vs offline anymore. It's all just retail and sales are strong.  Walmart  AMZN
100 Baggers: Stocks That Return 100-to-1 and How To Find Them:  Apple  MCD  Walmart  TSLA  MSFT  KO  HD  AMZN  IBM  GE
Weekly S&P100  Stocks Performance  TXN  VZ  T  BoeingC  LOW  Walmart  GM  CAT  GD  TGT  DD  COF  SBUX  FB  MO  EXC more  
Weekly Dow  Stocks Trend  DD  Boeing  UTX  CAT  AXP  GE  UNH  JPM  MCD  DIS  IBM  CVX  Apple  GS  MSFT  Walmart  HD  VZ    
If you follow  TNP This is a must join site! ----> 
 ZEUS  Walmart  CACQ  PFGC
 Walmart Stock Message Board Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 05:15:20 AM  MOS  UTX  CCJ  BoeingBoeing 
 CLF Filings Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 05:15:20 AM  Walmart  GOOG  NLY  XLB 
 Walmart Financials Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 05:15:20 AM  CELG  AKS  UGAZ  TRTC 
Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 
 validate  organic  strategies at stay  focused on  success  iyr  aig  xbi  xly  wmt  xlp  MondayMotivation
 ICE  Walmart:

Clothes Exports to U.S. Fuel Kenya Plans for Cotton Revival:


 Walmart Percent Change Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 04:15:20 AM  AMPE  UVXY  VXX  SYMC 
 XRX News Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 04:15:20 AM  Walmart  BoeingBoeing  HES  UGA 
Insider Selling: Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart CEO Sells  5,185,352.04 in Stock 
 Walmart Pot. consolid in Uptrend LONGERTERM Wly-Dly-Hly combo chart  trading  stocks 
 Walmart News Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 03:15:20 AM  DNR  HOLX  EA  XRX 
 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:0.56% Weekly:3.92% YTD:18.72% Trend:70 / 100  
Btw, Estimated  Earnings Per Share for  Walmart is  1.33 it's 1.87% of the current price 
 Walmart Recent News Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 00:15:20 AM  X  CYTR  IEP  SKLN 
 KTOV Short Sales Updated Monday, November 28, 2016 00:15:20 AM  BoeingC  Walmart  SKLN  GS 
Black Friday Limps Toward Oblivion as Online Shopping Takes Over  BlackFriday  AMZN  Walmart 
Not sure what to do with  Walmart? Explore our  fundamental pros and cons.  
 BIDU Company Info Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 11:15:21 PM  CSCO  Walmart  WFC  DNR 
The  largest companies on  earth  inspire us -  wmt  xom  cvx  brk-a  aapl  mdt  axp  dow  MondayMotivation
 Options  maxpain chart for  Walmart. Free stock station app  iTunes 
Sam Walton and Building a Business Empire:  Walmart  walmart  entrepreneurship  business  innovation  empirebuilding
Wondering about risks of  Walmart? The 21-day volatility is 5.04% 
 latimes shocking.  libtards support made in China and have no clue.  Wake the 4uck up.   Walmart   AMZN   TGT
Read our daily analysis on  Walmart at  Stockmarket  smm 
On The Fly: Top five weekend stock stories  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  Boeing  UTX  DIS  TWX  VIA  VIAB  BHI  MGM  TRCO  CLC  AXP… 
If you follow  UTHR What do you think about it? ----> 
 PQ  PFE  DUK  Walmart
'Apple is Dead'... Lol

Cash from Operations
-
1  Apple
2  T
3  MSFT
6  BRK.A
7  BoeingC
4  Google
7  Walmart
17  AMZN
22  FB… 
Walmart is pretty relentless this Cyber Monday/ Black Friday. They probably got a combination of email unsubscribers and sales.  Walmart
Marijuana Millionaires? You Bet!  MDCL - best in class!  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS… 
 Walmart Recent News Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 8:15:20 PM  IKGH  AKS  APA  NAK 
Why is  XRT at 52 wk highs when discounting is bigger than ever &  blackfriday sales are DOWN yoy?

 SPY  Walmart  TGT


A Beginner's Guide to Day Trading Online by Toni Turner:  Apple  SPY  UWTI  DWTI  IBM  Walmart
Retail wars continue on Cyber Monday  Walmart  TGT  XLY  XRT
 Walmart is in Ichimoku Cloud Breakout Above winning 68.00% in the past. 
MarketCurrents: Retail wars continue on Cyber Monday  Walmart  TGT  XLY  XRT
 Walmart  TGT:

Retail wars continue on Cyber Monday:


