👌 Walmart AutoOrdering® now works even when the Walmart website is broken.

JUST IN: Surveillance video shows missing Quinlan man at Walmart before he disappeared. Investigators say he bought… 
Lifetime Kodiak 13-Foot Canoe w/ 2 Paddles for  448 + pickup at Walmart

 donttrythis I would have more confidence in a walmart delivered basic care system than a govt system. See "VA" ....
Les Mis Flash Mob at Walmart 
It is a damn ghost town up here in South Dakota, closest Walmart 200 miles, closest airport 300 miles! Where tf am I
FART SPRAY PRANK AT WALMART! (SECURITY CALLED) 
I just saw a guy in the Athens Walmart wearing a Spooky Black tshirt and it was probably the strangest thing I've seen all day
Tired of people telling you won't make it or u will work at Walmart like ur mom well I'm going to do me and make my mum proud of me
Crazy Lady on Meth at WalMart- Dont Do Drugs 😂😂😂This is hilarious!
Ethyn is definitely like me: I don't see why Ryan wants to go out to eat. We can just go to Walmart and buy food to cook at the condo.
Customer Service Manager - Walmart Canada - Pickering, ON 
 amanfr01 I found this one at a Walmart out in the middle of nowhere
Armstrong Cheese Bars  armstrong  cheese  walmart
Currently napping in Walmart's automotive center
Ugh every time I go into Walmart, I forget to grab a new pair of leggings 🙄
I need to hit up Walmart to get another pair of earbuds or 2... I love skull candy but they go out so fast on me >:(
well that was weird. Walmart cashier just way over-shared w/ me. In the span of 35 secs I know more than I could ever want to about her life
BoeingBY ALIVE Walmart Haul! - Baby Alive dol and Toy 
Wet n wild Photofocus Foundation must be insanely popular. The shade I got at Walmart was too dark & they're sold out of any lighter shade😭
I do this every time I go to Walmart or target, I'm glad to see someone else has the same hobby 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
 BuckBunheirao Always. I constantly keep my son just about lock and key. Ex lost him in Walmart for an hour. Glad I don't own a gun lol
"I was so high I was walking around Walmart for an hour in circles because I couldn't find the front entrance" -Tony
... every cent, plus my own money for new purchases.Made the fastest impulse buy ever for a single speed bike at Walmart, too bad ...
how i know my period is abt to start: came dangerously close to crying at walmart yesterday when we couldnt find where the popcorn was
Go to Walmart for diapers, 200  later 🙄🤦🏻‍♀️
 donttrythis  ReynardWaltz Consider purchasing power of Walmart vs individual buyer
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs 80 YEAR OLD WALMART EMPLOYEE TRIES TO FIGHT US (CAUGHT ON VIDEO)
 SarahKSilverman can't believe he smuggled an entire Thanksgiving dinner out of Walmart in his Khakis!
I buy my clothes from goodwill, Walmart, Calvin Klein, urban outfitters, Ralph Lauren, etc. no matter what you spend if it's cute it's cute
 shanedawson i saw a group of girls at walmart buying ingredients for the unicorn shake you made today and talking about you,, interesting
Yoplait Whole Milk Yogurt  checkout51  walmart  wholemilkyogurt
take me back to when champion sweatshirts were  10 at walmart
i'm never going into walmart by myself ever again
"We have to go grocery shopping" "Should we go to publix or Walmart" "well Publix is a grocery store" "Hmm so Walmart?"-  lisadrehmann
Cause why these little girls dancing in Walmart
 coveryoursnacks It's  60 at Walmart 😩
Thanks  Walmart for putting this in our bag of groceries... Thank God he didn't cut his hand too bad & the kids unl… 
Not to brag, but I'm the smartest person in this Walmart frozen food aisle.
I forgot how much I love target. They have coupons Walmart don't ever have.
This reminded me of when I couldn't talk to the worker at Walmart on my birthday and I kept asking you to talk💀… 
Productive day today, bought up stuff with good returns ...  58 Target 28 Walmart... either defects or unused, and handed back ...
That feel when u walk into Walmart wearing a shirt, pants, & shoes that you bought from Walmart 😩😩🙌🏼🙌🏼😌😌💥💥
Enter to win  25 Walmart gift Card  SpartaprimeWow  Dvidgamehunter  utsadeli   retweet  LuckyClover  contest 
I'm about to kill a bitch in Walmart
costco & walmart still sell mirrors - easy fix 
 _xchantee yea but she get lazy but we about to go to Walmart and get some products and she gone do it
 JarodMisciskia hahaha v true, also could be that being in walmart at night makes u be an extra big weirdo
Stuck outside my bf apartment bc  Walmart gave him a key that doesn't work yikess, at least we can sit on his porch
Found over  1,611.91 in potential profit from Walmart/Patio & Garden to sell on Amazon!  OA
lines   walmart are RIDICULOUS
Green Ave is backed up all the way from S to N. It's going to take longer to get from Walmart to Lexington than from Texas to Purcell.
 Ayye_Arri14 lmao did you check in pico next to Walmart ?
FREE!!! Truvia Nectar   Walmart!  couponcommunity  walmartcouponing  truvia 
 stoneduckman  Duck_Commander  Walmart OK ,thank you!
6 TERRIFYING WALMART Facts: 130000-Man ARMY, Omar Mateen Connection, Mas... via  YouTube
Ava acted a foo in Walmart 😩
 DeeeYonceee congrats😘😘😘I saw your mommy in Walmart the other day
New  UltimateWarrior retro figure is awesome. Any updates on store availability? I've been in&out of Walmart so much they think I'm stealing
Just got kicked of of Walmart for not wearing my pajamas. 
 PROcast  UFCONFOX  TWooodley  your last fight sacked just like this fucking movie....  I'm out. Mr Walmart bitch ass....
The greeter at Walmart literally said welcome back to Walmart again like exCUUSEME??? And he always gives me dirty looks screw him
Gonna fall asleep sitting on a bench in walmart waiting on my sister.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Walmart TESTIMONY (words of knowledge & Healing)
I hate rude ass cashiers at Walmart
During my last Walmart visit I copped I bottle of sauvignon n a spiced n orange clove candle
This is so Awesome! I found a J&J BOGO offer in the paper this morning! I'm headed to  walmart to redeem in the morning!  JohnsonsBeautyHack
 courierjournal What's clear: Ray Jones=hero; Rob't Stivers didn't attend Walmart Planning Commission hearing if thinks people were heard.
 __whitechyna this old man like 80 on god followed me around walmart because he called me pretty hella times n i said thank you each time
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART 4 (INTERCOM PRANK, DODGE BoeingLL)
Just dropped  350+ at Walmart!  WelcomeToATX
 _Kimahhx3  zakiraahhh_ Walmart , hair stores . Walgreens ....
Find out why the Nutrition Table Matters + enter to win a  100 Walmart gc 3/15  giveaway  canwin  FocusontheFacts 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist KIDS CLOTHING HAUL WALMART
All I ever want for my birthday is money and cake from WalMart.
 ice_chip a second ago I thought you tweeted about Walmart playing hockey and now I see  Nordstrom
My sister and I are at Walmart talking in a pretend language and I'm not lying when I say I just peed my pants from laughing so hard. 😂😳😭
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
 emmatheawkward_ if I can memorize an entire map of a mall you can find a way to the pie at Walmart
myAppliances->Roxbury adding kitchen, bathrooms to Hurlburt Park pavilion - Danbury News…… 
ENTER HERE! & Win a   1000 Walmart Gift Card 
en walmart
Need To Go To Walmart & Get Her All This Batman Shit 😂😂
What is wrong with People today?!
 Florida Dead shark found in shopping cart at  Walmart


I don't think anybody in the world hates Walmart more than I do. 🙄
me " where are you" 
mom " leaving walmart" 
me "nvm i wanted you to get me headphones" *sigh* 
mom "oh ok bye" 
& she come home w some 😇😇
 DFletch_18 you can get them from Walmart
 KyPrep that one time you went to Walmart in pj's
Ricky from Walmart doesn't get the praise he deserves
Walmart let me down so I gotta go to target tomorrow
 CNNPolitics walmart crowd cant afford it
Chillin at Walmart smelling like dank.
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  400 -walmart gift card  GiftCards  Gifts 
i'm at walmart rn and all the registers in the store aren't working LOL my luck
Walked in Walmart 2 seconds ago and I've already seen 3 bonnets smh
⚠️⚠️THE NEW WALMART IS A SAFE ZONE TOMORROW MORNING UNTIL NOON ⚠️⚠️
I just watched a FB Live of the band "Chicago" stuck somewhere in PA near a Walmart due to the storm. Freakin'... 
"You seen Walmart has a new tower" -gmaAso "why would they need a tower" -Me "Se the bath towers" -gmaAso.....she was talking about towels 💀
We get bored in Walmart 
 lodom21 now we are into a safe. Good safes are not cheap and there are videos of a kid opening Walmart level safes.
 BlizzardCS I don't think it's on your end but more on cox' end, It wouldn't allow me to go online through steams client either nor walmart.
Walmart Gift Card -  78.44 - Ships Free With Tracking  
Walmart here I come 🚗💨
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries.  u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Marshall PD searching for two Walmart robbery suspects:
"What are you gonna buy with your big boy money Hoppe?".... "I'll probably just go to Walmart and buy some name-brand cereal" 😂😂😂
Walmart TESTIMONY (words of knowledge & Healing): via  YouTube
If a nigga walk out Walmart with no bags, he stealing😂😂
Really about to hit up Walmart 🤦🏽‍♂️
 Walmart Also, they did not reset the "change oil" light either, when they changed my oil.  Frustrating.
 videogamedeals I've seen this controller at every GameStop/Walmart I've been to
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael FART SPRAY PRANK AT WALMART! (SECURITY CALLED)
*goes to hometown walmart*
Me: Please God, if you're listening, don't let me run into anyone from high school
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Ugh I do not feel like going up Walmart at all man
 cookster_g probably wouldve taken more energy to walk to walmart than to just do your laundry
Guy totally wrote off a Black Friday tv deal at Walmart 
Maximize Your Tax Return with Walmart Family Mobile Plus  YourTaxCash  FamilyMobile via  odouglass11
The cashier at walmart really asked if my 12 year old sister was my daughter LMFAO 😂😂😂
 jtmillum same, same. fuck walmart lmao
 yeemglo_ walmart bby.
It's a Walmart bag btw
I liked a  YouTube video WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY TARGET?! - BUYING POKEMON CARDS AT WALMART AND TARGET!
TopCashBack: Kerr Mason Jars from Walmart 
 infamyreborn92  DbAshby  Walmart in action 😡
Tens of Thousands Live in Walmart Carparks via  YouTube
I'm at Walmart in Puerto Vallarta, JAL 
Nothing pisses me off more than standing in line at walmart
 RileyNicole_143 Oh ok! Gotcha! I was actually picturing "eyelashes"😳😂😂😂😂 or a feathery bra of some sort bc I hv 2 of those from Walmart
chanel vs walmart 
Not sure yet, but it's currently available on itunes in Canada and  Walmart in Canada and the US. :) 
I'm at Walmart in Tomball, TX 
 Walmart not one to complain; but I ordered pants on Friday the 3rd, got them Monday 6th, opened the package they came with a hole in them
I love how most people have the 'screw it I don't care how I look I'm just going to Walmart' mentality😂
 shockproofbeats My first thought was a tatty semi-legible Walmart receipt.
Whom has the walmart parking lot smelling so Loud? 💀
I liked a  YouTube video from  thedaletribe DIABETIC KID HAS SHAKY LOW BLOOD SUGAR IN WALMART!!! 💉
Tomorrow's "Driving with Dave" commentary takes place in Benton County Arkansas. Will be visiting Walmart country and hipster bars...Oh boy!
I Don't Work At Walmart No More Yesss Move How Tf I Wanna Now 👌🏽☺️
This shit used to be in Walmart and now they sell them at Urban Outfitters 
If you can't go to Walmart and still shit on niggas you in the wrong lane. 
From Walmart to... "Downton Abbey"? 
 jtmillum freaking hate walmart lol
Get the fuck outta my face with that.
Did you notice the BOGO FREE  johnsonsbaby  coupon in the Sunday paper? Head to  walmart to redeem it!  JohnsonsBeautyHack  ad
That can't be good (outside of Walmart). Might want to pick up some coolant there bud....and a thermostat maybe.... 
New on Ebay!Star Wars in the USA Star Wars Black Series Walmart Exclusive 3.75" Ahsoka Tan… 
I will be doing my SXSW showcasing at my RV in the Walmart parking lot. Not to be pretentious, but I am expecting... 
Commercial comes on tv*
Me: wtf they have a Walmart academy now!?
Austin: ...and you said I would never go to college..😏
Cashier at Walmart had to ask me what if what I was buying were cucumbers.  cityslicker
If the snow piles are this big in town, I can't even imagine how big they are at a Walmart parking lot
I really spent  70 at Walmart on like 15 things 🤦🏾‍♀️ I need some food stamps or something
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
I liked a  YouTube video from  domtracyy TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART! *SO FUNNY*
Why do I always run into mama Tasha at Walmart 🙄😂🤦🏻‍♀️  wittleawyssa  typicvl_tvylxr
Don't fucking come at me bruh.
The book i'm reading called Walmart the "Godzilla of Retail" and i couldn't agree more
Western Digital Elements 1TB Portable External Hard Drive, Black  39.99 at  
"Bruce Weber is a GOOD guy!"

"Okay, let him be a greeter at Walmart." 

 shitmydadsays
 Walmart Your company changed my oil today & this is what your worker does to my car's clean, door frame today.  Gr… 
I need to go to Walmart but it's really too cold
 kennamaile theres a lotion that's a pain reliever at Walmart next to like the bath salts and stuff. Forgot what it's called tho
Sure did just get in a fight with tyler in Walmart because he won't buy eggs here because it's non union
 macklynnnh why am i laughing in the middle of walmart 😩
Off to Walmart tho 😂😂😂
Heading to  Walmart for noooooo reason!
 RapidRundowns saw these at Walmart and tru 
.. NEVER can I go in Walmart & only get what I came for 😒
I get compliments on my organized groceries at Walmart in the checkout lane 😎😎
worry about the nudes you sent your walmart employees today, then think about me! 
*sees infant* I want 6 little boys and a 2 story house 😍 *goes to Walmart, sees toddlers* I can I get a hysterectomy already??
i go pearl city walmart… 
I'm in a North Carolina Walmart and I've never seen so much camo in my life
WHEN YOU'RE IN WALMART AND EVERYONE'S EMERGENCY ALERT GOES OFF AT ONCE 😂😂😂
I just had to argue with a rude ass old lady at Walmart because she tried to say I'm under 21 AFTER she looked at my ID?????
My nail tech moved from Silver nails to Walmart, you know my loyal ass gone follow.
I wanna go to Walmart but I don't feel like leaving back out.
I'm watching people getting caught stealing at Walmart and getting pissed about it on YouTube
 JanekKayley I c you live n IN, I bet it is like WV, like 85% Trump supporters,u should c when my husband& I wear Hillary shirts 2 Walmart!
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to put th. back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 Walmart  Grocery - 24 Hour Grocery Pickup TV Commercial advert 2017 
"Loving what you do" is no excuse for  PovertyWages! Way too many  startups acting cool & trendy but really… 
I thought Carolina had a player named Walmart till I realized it's Lucas Wallmark
The pajama people are in full force tonight at Walmart!! 😳
Club Walmart on wheatland dont got em I looked last night lmaoo 
 yottapoint  rdreynola it's the Walmart philosophy. Don't we all love cheap shit. Especially in health care.
 StarWars STAR WARS BLACK SERIES ROGUE ONE SCARIF STORMTROOPER WALMART EXC 6" INCH FIGURE 
That's like saying Walmart or Gucci obv Gaga 
 Walmart Best Birthday Surprise Ever -  Celebrate TV Commercial Ad Advertisement 2017 
Shout out to  amazon for being WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY cheaper than  Walmart when it comes to getting a camera bundle!!!
why tf walmart got 32 registers and only 5 open im finna report them
 pussy_patron  come at me we at Walmart
 Impeach_D_Trump  KellyannePolls They don't own a microwave. They're headed to their local Walmart to stare at one on sale.
I gotta stop at Walmart at least 3 times a week it's crazy😩
Emailed computer arrives 3/11 Walmart next email shipped on 3/11 arrives 3/14.  Only 4inches  walmartfail
Kingsford Charcoal Water Smoker - Clearance at Walmart -  9.00 
Walmart: Hot Wheels Mystery Models  0.98 + Free Store Pick Up 
Must be why we never have any cute guys in our Walmart 🤷🏽‍♀️ 
 CuntryCounselor nothing because if you can walk barefoot in a Walmart, you can kill me with your bare hands and i don't want no trouble.
Ever wonder if your supplements are making a difference?   HealthTips  ChooseBetter  whyIshaklee 
Recognized him from WALMART and INTEL commercial. Yea hope he gets more shine in season 2 much deserved. 
 taeeeej let's get some from Walmart friday ?
just saw my ex girlfriend from 10th grade at walmart LMAO 
Bitches don't even be having dick me down outfits. They getting dick outfits be Walmart at 2am looks.
 ronclarkacademy Thank you for speaking at the Walmart YBM. Your speech has impacted so many associates. Again thank you!
I refuse to go to Walmart 😩
Today I did not uphold the first rule about living in Alabama-never ever ever go to Walmart when snow is mentioned in the forecast.
Surprisingly last night was the first time I've thrown up in a Walmart parking lot. Guess I shouldn't have shotgunned a four loko  NoRagrets
 Best  Toy  Spiderman 3 Limited Edition Black Suit  Spiderman  Figure (Walmart Exclusive) 
Kleenex Tissue 2-Ply White - 210 CT [ Save 94% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
lil whores tryna get me in walmart 😂😂😂
mum: r u tired to go to walmart
me, remembering theres bsd magazine there: uh, no we can go if u want
mum: nah its ok nvm
me:WE CANGO IF U W
Just posted a video   Walmart Visalia - E Noble Ave 
Manila paper was on clearance or 25¢ at Walmart. I spent two bucks.  littleartists  clearance… 
Walmart first point
I need to go to Walmart .. I need a new journal & a lock for work 🤦🏻‍♀️ let me get up
If you know me you know Walmart is my favorite store😂🤷🏽‍♀️ 
I'm at  Walmart Pharmacy in Williamsburg, KY 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Williamsburg, KY 
I honestly hate working at Walmart but I love my coworkers though so they make it okay
I try to hop in self check out as much as possible but this is hilarious!!Be honest. It's only in WalMart!!😂😂 
 5 leggings from Walmart were one of my best investments tbh
Just spent hella money in Walmart on snacks🤦🏾‍♀️
I'm trynna go to Walmart
 Saradoodlebug i've only found it at walmart!!
That moment when you come out of Walmart and there are Girl Scouts selling cookies....I only… 
 Strangest_Guru On day one when I couldn't find any, Walmart had one going for  600. Everyone became scalpers
Found over  3,064.20 in potential profit from Walmart/Home to sell on Amazon!  OA
 yungjaejang fuk u fam😤😤😤😤🚮🤢🤢🤢🚮🚮🚮😩😩😩😆😆😆 walmart be higher class 🙄🙄🙄🙄💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯‼️‼️
I've been in this Walmart line for half an hour already 🙄
 morgueshmorgue okay!! If u get her before like 9 (I think..) we could go to publix or we can go to Walmart whenever cus it's open 24/7 !
You can enjoy free movie nights w/ Tyson +  redbox at  Walmart! See how:  TysonFreeMovieNights  AD
Shid they got them niggas at Walmart too 
In 10 items or less like at Walmart, and this lady easily has 20 items. 🙄
We're  hiring! Read about our latest  job opening here: Customer Business Manager- Walmart -  Bentonville, AR
 RealHankCarter  SWFLBeachBabe ...BUMMER, clowns...Did NOT work...see ya at Walmart
I saw this chicc at Walmart and she was THICC 😫😫 HECKA big thighs... 🍆🍆 I proceeded to put a slice of pineapple on her ass.. 🙈🙈😏😥 (1)
 Everledger helping eliminate "blood diamonds" |  Walmart optimizing their 'meat'​ supply chain -  blockchain ledger 
Walmart got em.... Publix got em... they good 
Police search for suspects who used pepper spray during fight in Walmart - --
I can't believe Walmart & Target stopped selling Aveeno bath oil in stores.
How tf is Walmart out of broccoli

 Watch available at Walmart. Gotta go fast!
 LunaticsFringe1  FemaleTexts 7.44 at walmart. Exactly lile the vs eyelash bra 
 yak_face as if the walgreens and Walmart pops weren't bad enough.  Greeeaaatttt.
My face at every incoming Walmart customer tonight 
How the hell do  DollarGeneral prices exceed  Walmart prices lol
 Rachell_20 we didn't go to target. We went to Walmart and ended up in the baby section 😂😂😂
So many of my coworkers at Walmart are pregnant. It's the cutest thing.😭😭🙏🏼💙💜
 PawPrintAndrew  squiddlesbeats walmart is my weakness 
. Walmart Fabric Donation Changes Thousands of Young Lives 
People continue to speak out against  WalmartDoubleStandards!  Walmart, do the right thing and go 100 percent cage-free in Latin America.
Checkin out at walmart and this guy asked if i wanted everything in a bag.. 👀
Like.. Aint that what yall supposed to do😂
sell a man a Walmart, he eats for a day, teach a man how to fish, you ruin a groaning antique 😗
So 1 of the berrien county sheriffs lost their job for shoplifting in Niles Walmart huh?  🤔
Man’s plan to sue Walmart over falling ‘P’ sign goes viral - 
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART 5 (GALLON SMASH NEAR WORKER!)
Walmart: FREE Teddy Grahams + CHEAP Juice & Makeup! 
Story of the day..
Went to Walmart for 2 things:
Chicken and a lint roller.
I thought to myself, "that's a weird combo, I look like a freak"
companies with homosexual agendas walmart ford 
Groceries (at  Walmart Supercenter in Tampa, FL) 
 summer_galvez You must be at Whole Foods? They were  .22 at WalMart this morning
i was smoking a cigarette in the walmart parking lot and this old fat dude walked up to me and told me to praise the lord
This guy at Walmart literally only had bread in his cart... like at least 8 loaves of breath
 women nude in walmart female porno stars 
SOS someone take meg and i to walmart pleaseeeeee
 hubhikaris  squiddlesbeats not Walmart!
You know it's real when WalMart closes  Stella
 Walmart did my oil change, definitely messed up my car mat smh. Great job.  neverAgain
 Carrrlos22 😂😂 I'll bring you to Walmart later
Anchor Hocking 5"x9" glass  bread pan  3.97 at  walmart today :) now I can bake loaf of bread… 
I gotta go to Walmart right now bruh I can't live like this
I have been in Walmart with my dad for 10 minutes and he has told me 5 times to slap F out of him😂😂
I'm at  Walmart_br in Belo Horizonte, MG 
Walmart just tried to play my ass..
this girl in walmart talking so damn loud for no reason.
 NICKIMINAJ  MYXFusions welp I finally see you in old national Walmart 😂😫 
Walmart has a commitment to American manufacturing?  Uh, yeah, right. Since when?  I suggest since a commercial saying so is evidence enough
 SaltFusion or they could walk into a gun store or Walmart.
Where did you say you're from?
Maybe a moss oak one. Whatever Walmart or Academy has in stock TBH
if someone could bless and come take jess and me to walmart
I waiting for  Walmart to start selling  porn.  They sell everything else.
I been in Walmart barefoot. I ain't scared of K
Picked up these beauties for my bathroom 😍😍😍  flowers  walmart  bathroom  bathroomdecor… 
when I say I HATE WALMART WITH A PASSION 🙄🙄🙄 I HATE THIS DAMN STORE !
"accident south bound 127th street close to the Albany Walmart. Stay right"  YEGtraffic
 Get_jiggy_iggy Walmart out Towson
 isassSara thank you dear! I will let you know what I see in my local Walmart!
The essentials when you go to Walmart in a snow storm 
Walmart has cami's for  1.68. I grab a bunch every time I go in there
 lodom21 they also promote usage of safes and try to get people DISCOUNTS to afford good safes not the Walmart POS
fleejack: Best  Birthday Ever!!  Check out latest savings from Walmart  
To be fair, I think many cops probably have 100-105 IQs

They probably couldn't be welders or plumbers, but could b… 
 aaronnnbadd this guy! You go to a store I'm going to Walmart!
I'm at  Walmart_br in Osasco, SP 
Just entered 2  win a  25 Walmart GC  Giveaway Ends 3/15  KappaVelvit  FeelinLucky 
Walking through Walmart and an older lady hits me with her buggy and knocks me to my knees... happy Tuesday
Just heard bout 42 phones go off in Walmart for an amber alert
Doesn't matter how bad it is outside, Walmart doesn't care at all! Risking the safety of their staff 😒😒
Country Crush is exclusively at  walmart today! Add it to your collection by visiting a store or ordering at… 
Chicken Broccoli Alfredo- all ingredients purchased at my local  Walmart. Their rotisserie 🍗saved me time & money!… 
Your microwave cost me 17 at Walmart 20 years ago, there's no camera in it.
This dirtball was trying to take a picture of me at Walmart so I posed for her 😂🤷‍♀️
I just wanna go to Walmart once and not leave with unnecessary stuff
 isassSara too much, I will check Walmart this weekend!! 
And I need to go get him some more they have the avent bottles at Walmart that are blue w/fishes
 annna_stevens  We're glad you enjoyed the strawberries. Thanks for the feedback! -Isa
 aeasley5 Walmart, this woman that works with my mom has him and he was on his lil leash, he's on my snap story
SHE TRIED TO LEAVE STEALING TWO CARTS FULL OF THINGS FROM WALMART !!
Best  Birthday Ever!!  Check out latest savings from  Walmart  
 xenonsisyphus like Walmart. It smells of meth and despair.
I liked a  YouTube video from  thefreylife GERM CONVENTION AT WALMART! (3.13.17)
 Aak3_ WALMART 
Apparently, there's a "Leave consideration of others and politeness at the door" sign at  Walmart entrances!  rudecrudeandnohometraining
myAppliances->Columbia High Students Will Raise Funds To Study Art In Spain -…… 
I need to go to Target or Walmart so I can start my baby scrapbook & get these pictures printed out. 💕
 Muslic96  Cody4cindy PT jobs and need Medicare and food assistance. So essentially taxes are paying for Walmart's It responsibility, greed.
 Retweet  Coffee  MJB Premium Coffee 26 oz 
 Chris_Utah3DS  SpinelessOyster walmart lol
 trnrtips Everytime you GO somewhere like a nature preserve or big Bear there's NOTHING. Go out? Where? Walmart? Starbucks?
Diamond City??? more like cheap scratched 1  plastic gemstone from Walmart City
I love when I've got my retail clothes, go to other stores and get asked to help people..
Susan I don't work at Walmart
My mom is literally trying out dog beds at Walmart because it "has to be comfortable" for Kratos
 ScienzaPiccola  pmarshwx They sell QuikTrip coffee in Walmart but we can't freaking get an actual QuikTrip!
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART! (DOING YOUR DARES)
It's Pi Day, so we hit Walmart.  piday 
every time me and my momma go in walmart we fuss!
when jinyoung finally gives me the ring he bought me from walmart 
Get yours now. Amazon. Walmart. Barnes and Noble. 
I'm at  Walmart in Philadelphia, PA 
 312chrischin Not sure, I pick it up at Walmart. How much is it?
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Beaverton, OR 
Bought three good movies at Walmart today, but I also have three billion things to do tonight. Tomorrow night will be movie night.
 chixtumanitue  I won't buy canned tuna from in or around China a anymore, but people in the US do every day at Walmart
Wal-Mart doubles down on ‘big boxes’ in Brazil despite sluggish sales  Walmart  Brazil  Retail 
 Walmart Walmart in Hudson, MA is so disorganized. They always had problems finding my online order.
Like Walmart never closes lady! It's 7:14 and no one has said it was closing
At Walmart and I actually found a close parking spot idk why I'm so happy
Leaping and turning down the aisles of Walmart because I'm having dance withdrawals already
 Muslic96  Cody4cindy  wry well said RW. If you've been to Appalachia you've seen beautiful little towns boarded up bc a Walmart moved in up
I'm going to Walmart 
how can these college kids afford to go travel for spring break?? My spring break trips used to be to walmart for more ramen
 Best  Toy  Marvel Legends Ultimate  Spiderman Walmart version  Toys  Kid 
Katie: Idk why I should spend a ton of money on prom shoes...I'll just wear crocs from Walmart 
Mom: Walmart doesn't have "crocs"
😂😂😂
HATE when I notice Snook needs something at the last min... 😡 Walmart run... 🙄🏃🏾‍♀️
Walking through Walmart and this lady was following... prob in her mid 30's and straight up said "you'll be a dilf when you get older" 😂😂🤔
Looking good   Walmart 2427... We have the BEST value in wireless... Virgin  35/mth 5gb data w/ ULT&T or UL everyth… 
I was getting out of my car in Walmart's parking lot and a lady goes "they close at 7 today" and my facial expression probably said it all 😅
So I went to the good old Walmart today...bought some grocery items...one bunch of cilantro...I was charged  11... 
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift Walmart Gift Card  GiftCards  Gifts
And I ain't seen nothing cold down here yet it def was some cool shake it booty bitches in Walmart tho 😂
Guess I'll go to target?? Idk or maybe Walmart.
Walmart looking to more acquisitions to build up its online assortment 
DON'T GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART!  VLOG 
 kmramos  Our apologies. Have you tried clearing cache and cookies? -Isa
 Walmart why is savings catcher not working? I've missed out on several receipts bcuz of it
Treat yourself to a  100  Walmart Gift Card from  ParentsChoice Sweeps  AD 
Earlier this month, Walmart also closed a neighborhood market store at of Sheridan Blvd. 
Need to go to walmart, worried I'm gonna run into that direct tv guy again
After a foot of snow in Eastern Pennsylvania, the roads are now clear for my Walmart run 😯
 snow… 
 shutupchristie I bought a fish at Walmart once and my mom got milk, it literally died a week later  ripsteve
Somebody come to Walmart with me 😩
I get a lot of comments on my Mortal Kombat shirt...best  8 I ever spent in Walmart. Lol
Chanel Vs. Walmart 
These and Walmart want 300 more today 900 in all by tomorrow.....somebody say overtime.… 
 FatKidDeals wait I got this for 6  at Walmart lol
 emmatheawkward_ go back to the all mighty Walmart
Whenever I go to Walmart, I don't get a cart because then I'll just buy fucking everything. You can't spend money on shit you can't carry!!!
 vandylisad I know it cause I don't need a lot of cake. We bought 1 pizza and 2 pieces of pie at Walmart. Nothing left over
i'm melting my last cube of cherry limeade wax and it's truly upsetting. 2 bucks at walmart. i'll take sixteen bricks.
KIDS CLOTHING HAUL WALMART: via  YouTube
GUCCI             VS            WALMART

OVERLOAD                     ROADTRIP

 OnlyHereForFovvs
Always get extra stuff when I go in Walmart
Don't judge me by what I look like in Walmart 😭😭😭😭😂
I just witnessed a 4 y.o. boy get his groove on in the Walmart parking lot...I don't think I've ever been so amused or have laughed so hard😂
Shop Thousands of  Clearance  Items for as little as  1.47 +  Walmart ( )  macys  kmart  walmart  amazon  ebay
I Got 4mins To Get Out My Car, Walk Inside Walmart And Clock In But Instead I'm Still Sitting In My Car Prolonging 😩
Walmart announces  1.6 million in employee bonuses in Massachusetts. 
 kristengordonn hey if you're dumb enough to buy a 3-pack of boxers from Walmart thinking they're athletic shorts that's whatcha get lmao
Oh the looks you get when in Walmart and Bo says "stop touching Mr. Dinkles"😳😳😳.....Mr. Dinkles is his toy from the movie Trolls...
 SB6 HAVE YOU SEEN THE FREAKS AT WALMART? Why do you even care. They're already using the stall next to you.
Walmart: Get 1TB USB 3.0 Portable Hard Drive for Only  39.99 + Free Shipping! 
 halfdozenred what new walmart thing
Sent Roosevelt to Walmart with the kids 😂😂😂
Walmart has not found a replacement for their CEO
Gold Bond Ultimate Healing Cream Just  3.97 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Gold Bond ... 
 realJeffreyLord  jdforward The world alredy know where u stand  Old Crusty Dirty Lukn Wizzard. Walmart can't keep gas or gas cans b/c of u!
mad bc walmart didn't have popcorn chicken.
So my Uber driver swore to me in the car last night that Walmart was sold to China, he shared this article... 
Things I will NOT buy at Walmart - Money Savvy Momma -  savemoney  shopping  moneysavvy 
You know you're back in Port Lavaca when your friends ask if you wanna walk around Walmart for fun
Baby Trend Activity Walker ONLY  26.88!! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money ... 
 fxckyeah_bands As long as the store has the CD in stock, the defective item can be exchanged for the same title. -Isa
 Walmart as an associate at 125 I feel we need a code for the register, Code 976 aka "Rocky", for when your customers are about to fight.
 Walmart he he
Malena just tried to make me go in Walmart after the gym knowing I got these grey leggings on 😐😂😂
 Walmart, why do you still allow suppliers to cram hens into cages in Latin America? Animal cruelty is bad business.  Walmart
Facilitating reentry: A look at a campus give to support female veterans:  WalmartGiving… 
I have odor fatigue from smelling so many deodorants in Walmart :')
Cheap foods w high level of  chemicals n heavy metals imported from China 2 US n 100M ppl visit  WalMart every week 
Dont say you were born and raised in NWI if you didn't go to Walmart at 1:00am for fun
Walmart: Hot Wheels Mystery Models Car Only 98¢ (reg.  3.88) 
fyi fuck my local walmart for only selling the cheap generic cereal in 3 lb monstrosities that are bigger than my entire freezer
I liked a  YouTube video from  fazeadapt HE PLAYED MY VIDEOS IN WALMART (KICKED OUT)
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 4/30/2017 
Where do you guys find new friends? Walmart? Food Lion??
 Win a  100 Walmart Gift Card! Ends in 17 days!  giveaway  competition  free  new 
I wonder if this prime one-day shipping is in response to stinky Walmart's new thing.
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
This is what Walmart looks like right before the winter storm... 
Let me tell y'all, they LOVVVVEE trump down here in Mississippi.. I get starred at like crazy just walkin around Walmart tryina but NyQuil
Never shop 'Walmart' if you can help it. The people who work there are lovely, the folks that control and own it ar… 
 0nlinePersona do you have a bag? No. Oh come on, not even a Walmart bag??
r/n: Some jackass robbed some Girl Scouts at a WalMart. 
Walmart online​ 
Went to  Walmart cs. Cashier said it was closed was walking out kinda p'd stopped by Qaseem on badge he helped & was great U need 2 no this
Coffee Mozart Single-Serve Coffee Maker  50 at Walmart B&M YMMV 
I was bored so i went to walmart & brought a bunch of makeup.
 Shanah_Cachet the one on cedar moving by walmart
 Bryystixx thank you!!!😘 and Walmart!
I still gotta run to Walmart
instocknow: AAAAAAAAAA
me: ODGH
walmart: we have nothing
me:
instocknow: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
walmart:
me:
My cousin and I fought in Walmart about Sasuke and Sakura 

I said they weren't originally supposed to be together, he thinks otherwise.
 2kidsandtired Sorry to hear Holly! Have you tried looking for them on AmazonFresh, Target, Walmart or other online vendors?
When ur in the middle of Walmart and the edibles hit 
 girls of walmart nude free disgusting porn videos 
 ad Goldfish® Crackers & A DIY Outdoor Memory Game!  Walmart  GoldfishSmiles 
the only place you can be and a Nigga roll up on you in a charger .asking where Walmart is he gotta get some pampers he 3yrs old  314Day
Walmart ad promoting their investment  in US manufacturing. 
Score card: 
 250M US spend. COGS FY 2017 =  361B. Total US spend roughly 6.9%
I bet  100 would go a long way at Walmart 
Found over  302.93 in potential profit from Walmart/Household Essentials to sell on Amazon!  OA
You're welcome  Walmart 
 velvet_chainsaw The border tax will start a trade war and will cause prices to rise substantially at ALL retailers, including WalMart.
THIS IS FINE. I DIDN'T WANT TO GIVE WALMART MY MONEY ANYWAY. FUCK WALMART.
I hate when I have to come into Walmart 😩
- Western Digital 1TB Portable External Hard Drive  39.99 (
Deals: Western Digital 1TB Portable External Hard Drive  39.99 (
 Latenci_  IkariNetwork i have a damn walmart mouse man.
Before You Head Out to Walmart for that Shamrock Shake | lindaseccaspina 
 Anon_Mafioso sure her biz Mgr UBT agreed that porn career will help custody case and better than working   Walmart?🤑
 frankcifaldi  ClydeMandelin Ah, dang! Yeah I just built 2 Billys and the magazine holders I found at Walmart (white cardboard) fit well
TV Ad: Media: Site: 
Walmart:… 
 hawkgrrls I love the parallels between Chanel and the dumpster behind Walmart
- Walmart Sales and discounts page check out all their sales updated daily!
Febreze Mediterranean Lavender Fabric Refresher, 16.9 fl oz [ Save 94% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Offers 
Nothing like a trip to Walmart to remind you of how thankful you are to not kids yet.
 Walmart dress code via 
Final day of their Division 1 Store being open! (at  Walmart in Ames, IA) 
 karlssontierney he looks like he's a manager at a walmart
Thought my day couldn't get any worse but oh it did!! Just saw an old lady throw up in the Walmart parking lot. Freakin Fantastic
 Deals Lifetime Kodiak 13-Foot Canoe w/ 2 Paddles for  448 + pickup at Walmart 
Johnson City NY Walmart; never been so empty. 
 Walmart CEO cites growing importance of private label  MarkHamstra   Walmart via  SN_news 
 jennaputala true should of went to the redneck superstore Walmart
Walmart: Simple Green All Purpose Cleaner Only  0.47! 
 legalshield MAKE A PAYMENT NOW BY 3PM TOMO  WaltDisneyCo  IgerBobDisney  Disney  Walmart  SteveEasterbrk… 
Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp: Worst grossest Walmart ever. And if you're trying to save yourself from spending time… 
IM SO PISSED I WALKED TO WALMART TO EXCHANGE SOMETHING AND MY DUMB ASS THREW THE RECEIPT AWAY WALKING OUT OF 5TH PERIOD 😤
I dislike Walmart employees
Pinhead Larry just walked in Walmart
Is champion still sold at Walmart or is that a figment of my imagination?
 Walmart I get this message 
Candy Crate Nostalgic Candy 1-lb. Gift Box for  18 + pickup at Walmart

 knifedaughter like what are they crying about? leaving walmart without a new toy? them crying makes me want to cry
 Walmart no the pint size for  8.47 those are half pint . I believe many pages on your site are down
 rodclark22  L_Bell26  anthonytbroome those shoes will be in the discount section at Walmart 😂😂
AU greengrocers incorrectly charge shoppers | Walmart invests in Brazil

 Walmart Just saw a manager fuss   a customer for his emotional support dogs in a cart (on cardboard and wrapped in blanket) Bad form
 StormChase35611  CNN Walmart
 fnsman81  DIRECTV  BoilerBall  lew_jack  JaJuanJohnson yeah that's a  Walmart commercial.  PurdueSports are on a commercial roll.
 DavidSchwalen i thought that too, but i found that Walmart socks last about 3 months whereas my stance have been going for well over a year
 fenharelsThighs  lncee u remember when u said people think ur a walmart employee? this isnt helping
Couple baddies in this walmart
*does drug deal via walmart 2 Walmart money transfer*
At Walmart:  All-Bran - Save  2.50   onlinecoupons  printablecoupons  save.ca  save.ca  walmart -... 
The Walmart dress code 
Most up to date, 3rd ed. NEW research, home cures, recipes,  vinegar past eds. sold 1/4 million--page 1 bestselling… 
Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video 💈 WALMART CLIPPER CHALLENGE | SELF-CUT EDITION
When your sister wants to bikini shop at Walmart in march
 lncee i just screamed in Walmart
 mistaryte It's Walmart in today's world I guess
Premium Racks now in the Walmart Marketplace! 
Illuminati store {Walmart} has "Think 6" in the center of all triangular bagging stations -->can form All Seeing Ey… 
This ain't Chanel vs. Walmart it's Chanel vs. Gucci y'all trippin 
 kasper851  Have you tried clearing your cache and cookies or switched to a different browser? -Isa
Goes to Walmart to buy hair ties, buys a fish instead🙂I'm ridiculous😂
TryVeg: peterframpton We uncovered abuse   Cincinnati-based kroger's lamb supplier Pls si… 
TryVeg: WALKTHEMOONband We found abuse   Cincinnati-based kroger's lamb supplier Pls sign… 
TryVeg: SJP We uncovered abuse at Cincinnati-based kroger's lamb supplier: Please sign&sh… 
 Flatts_17  Shareblue  IvankaTrump  owillis and Walmart
I hate Walmart.
Walmart Winter Beauty Box 
 SkinnygirlBrand  Walmart Noooo!!! It's the only one that I really enjoy! 😭
im emo in the middle of walmart bc i love jackson and jooheon so much
I make less than people at walmart, target, & mcdonalds...and on top of that I'm "part-time" but work at least 40hrs a week.
 KansasJobs  KSjobs  jobs Help Wanted - Walmart Tire & Lube - Olathe, KS see➔ 
Coming to a Walmart parkinglot near you!  WakeTheHellUp   ShiriaLaw 
Dear  Walmart , your strawberries are the greatest of all time 😍 And yes, those are strawberry eyes.
Just got kicked ot of Walmart for not wearing my pajamas.
 walmart I am tired of you claiming one date to ship an item and then changing that date after I place the order online.
 lelelek8  Walmart   x0francine what do you mean you ain't got no soup
Someone take me to Walmart in ur car :-) plz
Going to Walmart in my hometown without makeup on is the bravest thing I'll do today.   socialepicenter  seeeveeyoneiknow
 VTStrick  SenSanders Are you saying we in the trenches don't deserve a living wage? Bernie talks about Walmart all the time, about how
There you go. The Walmart Amazon Go "alternative" 
Walmart finally called me back after all this time... cause I surely was going bring this uniform back today.
Other than that she ain't shit tho I swear on Walmart
 acarbone33 Walmart!
 coleg Senate doesn't like  Walmart or Target selling more booze. It may be OK with some liquor stores expanding: 
At least  bradypowell and I are standing in Walmart arguing about air fresheners
I hate coming in the Walmart i used to work in 😒
Walmart run
Deported for selling tamales in front of Walmart? via  YouTube
Yay! Finally used my giftcard for Walmart. Now all I need is Mordo! And why is there no Wong?!  DoctorStrange 
 finiarel24 they're transitioning to become princess cuz it was 2014 wwww real pauper era is like walmart 2011-2013
all DO where don't   me good walmart skirt
Walmart Online: Recommendations (81) 
Liquor store owners react to Surdyk's Sunday stunt  target and  Walmart will put them out of business.
Come and Join Hair 911 for the Official Hair 911 Product Launch at Hwy 85 Walmart on April 8th… 
 Walmart  y'all beat most prices but y'all hire retards & robots to run your stores!
WALMART
Finally made it to Walmart and decided to buy a new plasma tv 📺😭
So I gets out at Walmart and this man says "how it feels to be a teen" 😒 nigga I'm grown af 😂😂😂🙄
Found over  501.05 in potential profit from Walmart/Home Improvement to sell on Amazon!  OA
Walmart U.S. employees earn an average of  184.70 in quarterly bonuses 
Dawg  Walmart  so fucking ghetto! I hate Meijer but I'd for sure shop there b/c customer service matters & shit just be all around better!
I say boycotts Walmart 
And I say that cause I was in line at Walmart and there was this beautiful chocolate man that stood behind me... instantly got goosebumps
Valdosta is so great for this neighborhood Walmart. 😭
Thanks  Walmart and  tacobell ...I can't wait to have taco salad tonight.  Second time in a row this has happened. 
i need to go to walmart too
March Break excursion to the local laundromat since my washer is on the fritz and Walmart for frozen pizzas.  MomOfTheYear
For the first time in my life I bought condoms at Walmart, it had to be the most awkward experience. Worst part they aren't even for me 😂🙃
Still looking fantastic at  WalMart 3785 with full pegs ready for  TaxSeason customers to purchase!  todd_margavio… 
Walmart got me fucked up
 xobrittanyox91 Plus walmart has it on video
Headlights
Just shredded through the old Walmart parking lot in 2 wheel drive
 HikingInCompton Please let us know the store number &  share your experience at -Isa
 peterframpton We uncovered abuse   Cincinnati-based  kroger's lamb supplier Pls sign&share! 
Just a few items. Can't be that bad, right? (  Walmart) on  Yelp 
 WALKTHEMOONband We found abuse   Cincinnati-based  kroger's lamb supplier Pls sign&share! 
Anxiety is mentally preparing and praying before going into Walmart
CHANEL vs WALMART 
 karis_ripple "the facebook quiz didn't give me the result of the dog i should adopt, but i did win a free  1,000 walmart gift card!"
stopped at sonic after Walmart to get Caleb a raspberry tea just bc he likes them. I love him💘🤷🏻‍♀️
Walmart really need to fire the dread headed security guy everybody know his face by now
worked twice at walmart never had this. iowa city or cedar rapids 
This one time I was so lazy that I walked 10 minutes to Walmart to buy boxers just so I didn't have to do my laundry🙄  noshame
Check out the art car.   Walmart Friendswood 
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael WALMART SHENANIGANS! (ULTIMATE INTERCOM PRANK)
*stares at my walmart Switch order like a hawk* 
Please don't cancel o-o;;;;
 SJP We uncovered abuse at Cincinnati-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Please sign&share! 
TryVeg: jhutch1992 We uncovered abuse at Cincinnati-based kroger's lamb supplier: Pls sig… 
TryVeg: trent_reznor We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign… 
TryVeg: johnlegend We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&s… 
TryVeg: AlysonStoner We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign… 
TryVeg: HalSparks We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&sh… 
TryVeg: JoshRadnor We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&s… 
TryVeg: RobLowe We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&shar… 
TryVeg: ChrissieHynde We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sig… 
TryVeg: WoodyHarrelson We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you si… 
TryVeg: carmenelectra We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sig… 
 MayHaruka6 I can give you a Gift Card for Walmart, they sell web cams too
 newschannelnine Taken from Walmart looking up towards Signal Mountain 
 kickclifford i'm at walmart but hopefully i get back in time 😵 they're playing the caps?
 jhutch1992 We uncovered abuse at Cincinnati-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Pls sign&share! 
Bad females LOVE going to the neighborhood Walmart by la
in bourgeois society filter is independent and has individuality, while the bonnie Walmart is dependent and has no individuality
Hot Wheels Mystery Model Car Only 98¢ (Great For Easter Baskets) 
Kroger.. You offer the BEST fried chicken in your deli area!! Don't change the recipe. Hands down better than Meije… 
I love Walmart, I don't love their customers. If people parent like that in public, what do they do behind closed d… 
I will not kill myself...I will not kill myself...I will not kill myself...dammit Walmart why do you give me suicidal tendencies!?
 trent_reznor We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
anyone you run into at the quick check in Washington is 10x worse than anyone you'd ever run into at Walmart
Marvel Legends 14" Giantman Giant-Man Toybiz Walmart BoeingF Complete Avengers 
myAppliances->The best place to store bread + 7 more kitchen myths, busted -…… 
 johnlegend We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
 Walmart Got a call in response today. The preorder duration varies by game/console, but the Switches will be available after 4/1. Thanks!
Only me and  YoungPhish randomly go to Walmart and buy fishes ❤🐠 yup we are best friend goals ❤ 
New high-value  2/1 EcoTools printable coupon ***NO SIZE RESTRICTIONS*** = Walmart/Target FREEBIES!  coupon
I liked a  YouTube video from  lance210 DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART (INTERCOM PRANK, EATING LIVE WORMS, AND
 KayleeLikesCake did you went to Walmart yet ? 💕
Can you say delish twist on a BLT?

Turkey & Avocado BLT recipe from  Walmart

More  MealInspirations at… 
I'm tired of confused white dads walking in my way at walmart
 AndreaChalupa DId he try Walmart or Target? They may be hiring.
 StarWars star wars the black series 6" lot of 4 with walmart exclusive new rogue one 
Who tryna go to Walmart with me?
Lakewood crime blotter: Bathroom brawl: On Feb. 28, Lakewood police responded to Walmart, 7455 W. Colfax Ave., on a… 
It is socially acceptable to cry in Walmart I have no shame bc my stress levels are through the roof
So today I found out that Walmart has a kitty just hanging out in the backroom lmao no one can catch it
.Walmart Doug Plz make a public statemt against Muslim Ban  CEOsAgainstTheBan wall-of-us … 
 _victoriamireya walmart
The cutest vinyl tablecloths! 🌵🍍😍 Only  3.48! By Mainstays {on end cap in home dept}  whoawaitwalmart  walmart… 
 AlysonStoner We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
I was saying this since yesterday, super markers & walmart to come up on the last week of winter 
 Chloe_Fearless Dunkin is sooooo much better! But I buy the big bottles of Starbucks from Walmart but the unflavored ones are nasty 😷
 Walmart Thanks for rectifying the situation with the giftcard!
Yo is walmart open
MY BROTHER HAD A NOSE BLEED AND I HAD TO RUN ACROSS WALMART TO GO GET TISSUE GHJJF
 FBTello im at The House Rn But I gotta Be At Walmart For 6
Real nigga Walmart cart... 
 HalSparks We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
 Bluesplinter "Went In Walmart, Came Out Drenched" is by far the worst Brad Paisley/Tony Keith duet by a country mile.
 Walmart give your employees health insurance so we the taxpayers don't have to pay for it!!😡😡😡
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Chandler, AZ w/  bwebb56 
When you finally find your mom in Walmart 
 JoshRadnor We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
i will leave this world the way i entered it: lost and alone in a louisiana walmart
The average customer at the Seward Walmart starter pack. 
Graco 2-In-1 Convertible High Chair Just  59.93! PLUS FREE Shipping!  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals  Graco
 JimLemken Sorry to hear that. Have you checked out our Savings Catcher? Visit  for more info. -Isa
 RobLowe We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
If I let you cross the cross walk at Walmart and your rude ass doesn't wave.. I'm running you over 😤
 flumetrack when the shout out at M3F is the Walmart version of this
Couponing at Walmart: Score 2 FREE Redbox Movie Rentals + Deal Scenario via Couponing to Disney - ... 
Found flammin hot Cheetos at Walmart 👀
 ChrissieHynde We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
 Walmart Seriously that you never see me, I always see you following fans, I want to be one of them this is my biggest dream! 😓
I know I spend at least  150 at Walmart a week shits ridiculous
 CountingCrows as the tall man in Walmart whispered to me  in the  check out line-"it is all about the satellites"-I whispered back-"Got it"
 WoodyHarrelson We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
Man I almost just took the biggest L of my life outside of Walmart💀💀💀💀💀💀🤦🏾‍♀️
We've been riding around looking for a parking spot at Walmart for the past 5 mins😐
Slick wanna slide to Walmart / doo-dah, doo-dah…
Walmart, Amazon, Rakuten & Tesco have ended their association with sale of whale products in  Japan we urge  SPARInt to do this to  OpWhales
 carmenelectra We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
 sandpiper2319  JoeDiSano Who said anything was wrong with being a Walmart greeter? Perhaps he was making a serious suggestion.
Black woman Walmart 35 & Louis Henna
 Walmart Doesn't seem fair for an almost 1 year expired product. I'll contact the Consumer Complaint Coordinator in my state instead. Thanks
TryVeg: halleberry We uncovered abuse at OH-based kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&s… 
 halleberry We uncovered abuse at OH-based  kroger's lamb supplier: Will you sign&share? 
 XSEEDGames I would if Nintendo would send their stock to my Walmart that hasn't received a single copy yet I'm in NA Canada
God do I love Walmart! 😂👊🏽✋🏻🙄
I guess signing up for a  1,000 Walmart gift card that I thought I won wasn't the greatest idea. they've called me 7 times in the last 3 hrs
I totally didn't get lost trying to get to Walmart from uvu and drive on the wrong side of the road ha ha ha lol
 GOATPUNCHER_ Yeah walmart doesn't have huge selection mostly just Vizio and Samsung and a couple off brands but I got it cuz of the sales
My search for the perfect jacket goes on. Thought the Duluth Grab Jacket was it, but it doesn't breathe. Went in Walmart, came out drenched.
And install a carbon dioxide/carbon monoxide detector. Keep batts fresh. :-)    homesafety… 
 Walmart has the worst employees.
I just took a course at walmart about what alcohol is
- somethin since i wanna stay in a more rural place but don't wanna drive 6 hours to get to walmart or whatever
 RepJerryNadler  LovelyLowEnd This ex WalMart greeter couldn't catch a cold.
Rest peacefully America.
so grateful I made a walmart trip last night before this blizzard 🙄
 OrionsDada  sama Walmart is very successful too & they sell poorly made things & attract unatractive people . 
My life consists of me driving to Walmart just to buy a pen
You see a lot of bad things at Walmart. :/  LastResort 
Went to Walmart and by the time I got home I realized I completely forgot to buy what I needed most. I'm such an idiot
Summer Infant Deluxe Folding Booster Seat for  15 + pickup at Walmart

Some guy wearing trainers without socks, vaping outside Walmart just gave me flirty eyebrows.  MostEligibleBachelor
 yanafknbaby Walmart girl!!!! lol it's in the little can pack
 Walmart I get sent to a Walmart page saying "We're having technical difficulties and are looking into the problem now."
Finally leaving  Walmart. I'm so pissed off. Took them an hour and a half to just change my oil. No reason for that.
"Walmart fight" videos were actually best picture 2016.
lmaooo .dude at Walmart ringing me up felt a way bc i had mad fruits and vegetables in my cart & he had to key it in 🤷🏽‍♀️😩😂
im gonna be bigger than walmart
It smells like dirty clothes in Walmart...
Try our one of a kind curly critter along w a fin spin for big slab crappie available only at  Walmart… 
I entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
 fenharelsThighs hi welcome to walmart
You know you did well when you leave Walmart spending less than  100 yay for adulting 🤗
I really had half the mind to fall on the wet spot in Walmart to catch a slight come up. I'm in crocs too.
Subsidizing Walmart 
 Walmart it's too bad you keep advertising that shop Walmart and to save money but your prices are higher than the grocery stores😡😡😡👎👎👎
 GlamLifeGuru  KathleenLights1 Just saw a whole line of Kokie cosmetics At my local Walmart! Can we get a review? Plzthey r superaffordable
Fucking left my wallet at bski, and just left my damn purse at Walmart literally two fuckinh days ago. Tf wrong with me!!!!!
FUN & EASY recipe! Easter Bunny Cookie Sandwiches w/  Walmart  findingzest  ad  EasterwithPillsbury  Easter >>>… 
Power AirFryer 3.4 as low as  20!!
Go Here -->> 
 Clearance 
Wouldn't leaving your children in the toy department while you shop at Walmart be considered child abandonment?
WHY DOES EVERYONE THINK IM A WALMART EMPLOYEE
Put 5 bucks in the massage chair   Walmart and 4 people thought I owned the store.
Earth Friendly Lemongrass Ultra Ecos Liquid Laundry Detergent, 50 Ounce -- 8 per [ Save 95% ]  Walmart  us 
Okay but why did I spend 2 hours in Walmart thoooo
 Jet Please restore the buy more get more discount on cat food.  Prices should decrease to previous levels. No longer cheaper than Walmart.
The biggest fuck just drove through Walmart blaring the gayest fucking music with his subs
there is rhe cutest baby at walmart rn im dying
 thenatural14 Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
 HikingInCompton  PureLeaf  Walmart yeah they probably bought some expired Tea!
im in walmart
WD Elements 1TB External USB 3.0 Portable Hard Drive -  39.99 via Walmart  
Blegh.

Walmart Family Mobile wouldn't port my number from Project Fi, so I had to get a new number. :/
 sammypolsen12  realDonaldTrump Walmart agree to give their employees benefits so the gov doesn't hv to ?  Walmart's benefits is the gov
Just got back from therapy at Walmart. Feeling better.
I'm still trying to figure out how my son conned me into buying him something at Walmart when I said I wasn't. Now here I am minus  100😑
DIABETIC KID HAS SHAKY LOW BLOOD SUGAR IN WALMART!!! 💉 
You can grab a copy of  SinbadAndTheWarOfTheFuries on  amazon  vudu  walmart  target  bestbuy… 
I don't understand it, who brags about using  20 on sale electric hot plates *shrugs* with aluminum Walmart cookware, I just don't LOL
PSA: they moved the isles around in Walmart & took out the self check out. I REPEAT NO SELF CHECK OUT
Back to walmart tomorrow
 brittanyreedy36 go get me some wine from Walmart
i'd understand if she sacrificed the "every lead went  1" pattern for a risky innovative song. not for a walmart ve… 
Bunch of sangers coming to a Walmart near you!  kysu_rys17  tour2k17 
 HikingInCompton Our apologies. Please bring in your receipt to receive a refund or exchange. -Isa
 King_Margeo Walmart they got some for like  16
Smash & Grab. Walmart edition. 
Is it appropriate to go behind the  Walmart counter and page for my own assistance needed?
Why are people dressing their babies like Fuck boys. Put that lil shit in Walmart clothes n call it a day
Looking at eyeliner prices on Sephora makes me sick. My fave eyeliner is only  7 at Walmart and stays all day, even after a shower.
Do you shop at Walmart? 
Western Digital Elements 1TB Portable External Hard Drive, Black  39.99 at + FS… 
 Phuufy Were you able to get a switch? Walmart was stocked for a moment
Lakewood crime blotter: Bathroom brawl 
Bathroom brawl. On Feb. 28, Lakewood police responded to Walmart, 7455 W. …
when u and raven have to walk around walmart for an hour cause u locked your keys in your car😂
 HMATTHIAS  JomaChameleon CHINA IS TAKING ALL OF OUR MONEY! Well quit buying their cheaply made products from Walmart, dipshit.
 BruceBlitz I'll replace his dumb Walmart, calling aisle 12 ass.
sticky notes on cars at Walmart- I should do this to Walmart shoppers, just to teach them a lesson f 
Been in Walmart for forever😩
 RileyNicole_143  FemaleTexts Only paid in total for 30 Walmart bras vs 5 Victoria's Secret... is what I meant🤦🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️😳😂
I'm at Walmart in Honolulu, HI 
Why tf does Walmart no sell tech decks?
CLARKSTON, WA - Help  ClarkstonPolice identify alleged suspects in Walmart theft: 
Might as well stop by Walmart since I'm already here
in honor of pi day, im gonna pick up a pie when I go to walmart after class
10 Game Time Party Tips for Easy Entertaining via  BHG   realtor
Walmart in OP cleaned up and ready to sell some  boostmobile  nrplaytowin  kc_jamie_wilson  TimMiller44 
 b__lly Walmart hanes 2XL white Ts
I went to Walmart on my way down the hill intending to buy pie for pi day, and bought cheetos & stuff for bacon cupcakes.. forgot the pie.
 realDonaldTrump Walmart has hired Somali refugees
 dominos FTW. Ordered on the app while checking out at Walmart and it was delivered right after I unloaded the groceries.  speedy but yummy
 RileyNicole_143  FemaleTexts I have approx 30 beautiful Walmart bras that look like Victoria Secret & only paid what 5 VS bras cost!
 WalmartCanada This item says "tins" and shows a picture of 6, but when I ordered Qty 2, only 2 tins arrived... :(
ima do my application for walmart tonight when i wake up from this nap if i get to take one 😕😕
Walmart sells Yeezy's??? 
WD Elements 1TB External USB 3.0 Portable Hard Drive -  39.99 at Walmart  
It's so ugly out and I have to run to Walmart 🤦🏻‍♀️.
I wonder if price chopper or Walmart is open rn..
Oh boy this guy stalked me in Walmart today, ended up stopping me to talk to me, just added me on Facebook & is 15 years older than me lol
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Wichita, KS 
This chick just got out of this car.  Walmart  SCAM  BellevilleON 
In walmart (in a very terrible and sour mood with not a smile on my face)
I walk out of the bathroom and there's... 
Pls enjoy this movie of us singing to multiple songs in the walmart parking lot  andreafllory 
Saw an Amish guy use the automatic hand dryer in the bathroom at Walmart. Writing my senator ASAP. Don't even recognize this world anymore.
Well I can say even in Texas Walmart slow asf😂🙄
I'm walking around Walmart in my softball uniform and everyone is looking at me like I'm weird🙄
I don't live in the US so no Walmart :( 
 _trillnigga__ I know that ,but you ask was I coming to Walmart.
What job will he have after this gig???   Greeter at Walmart?? 
 xobrittanyox91 Poor brittany standing in the middle of walmart in her underwear
Choosing between the Patriots, Steelers and Jets is like choosing between Gucci, JCPenny's and Walmart brand clothing.
Manchester TN Walmart employees are a bunch of assholes. I have never been so upset.
 _brittanyky suddenly I work I Walmart
Does anyone know if Walmart is open?
Once again, mood went to shit because I work   walmart & customers are always "right"
it's like 99¢ at Walmart 
 _trillnigga__ you work at Walmart ??
Go pretty nice on PS4... 
Idk those brands are ALL OF A SUDDEN hella expensive now. I remember wearing champion when i was little. And it cos… 
 Queen__imani oh so you coming to Walmart ?
I need to go to walmart or Kroger
lol I'm in a Walmart rn & these white kids were acting up & their mom was like "I'll give you all each a dollar if you stop running around"
 whitelledge  CrazyClancey1  Truth_Bombers  latimes  cathleendecker at any Gas station, grocery store, Walmart, Walgreens ect.   condoms
That mean yo shit too hairy. Walmart sell razors B 
I will just get them from Walmart when I go get my godson car seat and stroller
So Champion use to be sold & Walmart & now it's over rated 😩 I thought I wanted some I'll pass
 Walmart they are no longer wrapped.
chanel vs walmart
 Walmart the problem is the damage was all inside of the cases.
 tgjessica420 I hope he can never find work.  Not even as a walmart greeter.
I'm upset that my mom rather me just wander around Walmart for the hour or so that she's gonna be at doctor instead of me doing hw
 fxckyeah_bands  CD's can be returned within 90 days of purchase in it's original packaging w/receipt. -Isa
 BruceBlitz I'm always reminded of a Walmart sale when Adam talks.
 teenyweenee at walmart
PSA the bathroom mirror at the Walmart in Heber makes u look way fatter than u really are. Out of all the places. AnywYs don't go there
Someone probably tweeted "This girl is really barking in the bread aisle" yes Diana actually barked in Walmart 😂… 
Found over  95.30 in potential profit from Walmart/Books to sell on Amazon!  OA
1⃣Twitter search: stabbing Sweden
2⃣Twitter search: stabbing Walmart
HOW TO GET SWEDES TO VISIT US, TEACH WALMART CUSTOMERS TO COEXIST?!
I'm at McDonalds in Walmart in Williams Lake, bc 
tfw you walk into  Walmart to get like two things and end up buying the whole store
 QuashTagaming  clutchsilver  TheCarLdude  sporer  snake16doctor I know pulled them last night. Got these cards out of boxes from Walmart
 tedr privileged people brands for the rich. I give you oil and gas, factory farming, Nike, Walmart, Pharma industry & stuff real people use
Just bought  PureLeaf at  Walmart and nearly vomited. Seriously? 
 joerogan "Those are Walmart people." -Joe Rogan. That's the best!
These walmart employees gotta stop taking their misery out on customers it's not my fault ur mad at life
Went to Walmart to find the Peach-ahh-Rita drink.... and I guess it was gone
Walmart had Switches in stock online for like 5 minutes and then they were gone ☠️
 WAY_2_JAZZI aight cool we gone go to Walmart
I hate seeing people I know at walmart!!!
Western Digital Elements 1TB Portable External Hard Drive  39.99 via Wal-Mart (Free 2 Day Shipping).… 
I need to go to Walmart. Is it worth it?
When I went to Walmart with my parents as a child I got a sticker. Why don't you give yellow smiley stickers anymore?  Walmart
 CountdownEnded Instead of 4  1/2gallons of milk y not get 2gal .... Oh yeah its people at walmart b4 a snowstorm..… 
I'm ready to transfer back to deans bridge Walmart
I just saw the finest boy ever   Walmart
I really just had cat head pillows delivered to Walmart for pickup 🤤
Stg Walmart has the shittiest service
 PureMassacre89 YES she's evil she got me at Walmart after Forrest and Corey trust me I threw something at her
 QuesoSeraSera I just want Walmart and sunshine. We don't have either in the UK
 queenbeanie I'm more interested in the hot dog, like damn where can I find that shit at walmart and is it on sale.  Be great for a BBQ
Yoplait is a yummy dairy solution for busy days.  AD  CalciYUM  yoplait  Walmart 
I'm not even trying to be funny. You can find cheeky panties, lacy thongs, and bustiers at Target and Walmart
WWD - Wal-Mart Facing  5.5M in Damages Over Worker Retaliation Claims 
When  __cammbam and I wanted to do a science project with dry ice and the lady at Walmart helped us fine stuff for dry eyes 😂😂🙄
Found over  201.50 in potential profit from Walmart/Sports & Outdoors to sell on Amazon!  OA
Walmart STAY hiring. 😂 I put an app in like 2 hours ago and the hiring manager already called me for an interview. ✊🏾🙅🏾🙅🏾🙅🏾 Why God 😭😭😂
My favorite part of  StellaBlizzard is people being shocked that Walmart is closed
I seen at shirts at  Walmart last night with Tupac on them. Where do the proceeds go?
Went to Walmart to get makeup removers and a pillow.... ended up spending  100+ dollars instead. I have no impulse control.
I liked a  YouTube video from  flyydoesyt PLAYING FAZE ADAPT ON THE WALMART INTERCOM *PRANK*  FaZeAdapt
Like don't play hoe I'll drag u across Walmart dafuqq lmao
Asked a coworker where to get groceries here in Florida and they said Walmart??????
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game& Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Made it home what a fucking trip that was punched out at 1:30 I just walked in the door at 6:11 don't be expecting me tomorrow at Walmart
 markiplier yeah, ready for war 
and Walmart to!Maybe not.
 jacob98ingram wtf you like live in Walmart tho
Some old fuck at Walmart looked in my cart and was like "weird combination" shut your mosey ass up brenda
Yes, you CAN find all  natural  grassfed  beef at  walmart—and it's Jones Creek Beef! :)

You really CAN get anything at Walmart. 
 Rika_Code ahh no i got walmart not kroger, the kroger hasn't responded to me yet
 sienna_dawson walmart?? that's Office Max
Needed one thing today from Walmart. Left with EVERYTHING and calorie free ranch dressing. I'm done.  Take my walle… 
I really need to go to Walmart before the weekend get here . I have nothing 😩
Why do I insist on going to Walmart?!?!
This time will be different...
This time will be different...
"Will you keep me company at Walmart? I really want a Powerade" - my dad
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Walmart 💛SKU: 53341528💛  199

Thanks to Janelle on Facebook for the find!

Check stock levels… 
my mom ran into the toilet paper display at walmart LMAO
Walmart eyes second Crestview location: CRESTVIEW—Walmart is turning its attention toward Crestview’s north end as…… 
 The_Munro  Walmart  iTunes going to get the movie today! 💕
 wbqng walmart hates me I get too much free stuff at self checkout
 Gto4201Gto420 You can purchase a PSN card from Amazon, BestBuy, Walmart. or GameStop to make your purchase today.
So I'm in Walmart and I just heard some young ass chick call her kid camera. What did she say when the kid was taking its first steps
Mom turned in a shoplifter at Walmart and Grandma said she is going to get "marked"  ratchetgramma
all my clothes from walmart i dont care
myAppliances->Wait; there's more: The trendy Instant Pot can (almost) do it all - The…… 
*waits for Walmart to open up more than 6 lines*
I need to go to Walmart to buy popsicles. 😭
You can get that peanut butter trail mix from Walmart if anybody wanted to get it for me ❤️
I was finna waste my time   Walmart n then wince bihh lol 
When did Walmart open up a strip club ???? 
 veryyserious Sorry to hear this. Please let management know or contact us at so we can address this issue.  -Isa
 IISuperwomanII walmart target or kmart?
 AskSuperwomanLIVE
Little big town  Walmart 
cute kitty watches over the plants in walmart's garden center. ☺️🐱 
 PureMassacre89 her goddamn ass did it to me in Walmart bc I wore pajamas like a dumbass that day she's a psycho bitch
I wanna go to Walmart & get games, food & go to the lq & have a girls night  Nieyrah_ 🤷🏽‍♀️
I Really Just Got Held Up At Walmart Cause This Old Guy..
Sugar-starved woman attacks girl-scout mom, steals cash at Walmart cookie stand via  crimeonlinenews
 100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway 
Hi there! (at  Walmart Supercenter in Glen Burnie, MD) 
 JackieZavala17  elijahnavarro  SIU_WSoccer BOOM. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide have it ready
Just got a "Go Dawgs!" shout-out as I came out of a Walmart in Daphne, AL! Love hearing from  MSStateAlumni fam wherever I am!  HailState
I can always count on Walmart to play good music even if they are a shit company I funnel all of my money into
September 23, 2017?  What's going to happen? says Walmart is building shelters Not FEMA Camps to imprison American's 
HOT New High Value Coupons for Claritin via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money ... 
NEW Beauty Box from Walmart- Just pay  5 Shipping!! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, ... 
 jace_cute_face now you know. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. roll on
As  Walmart eyes second  Crestview location, some readers ask why won't  Target come to town: 
 kleintime99 pretty much the same as normal spagh. 

Got the noodler at Walmart for like 5 bucks. Really good investment
THIS KID WAS RUNNING IN WALMART AND HE SLAMMED INTO A WALL OF CEREAL BOXES AND SLAMMED THEM ON THE FLOOR AND WE JUST MADE EYE CONTACT
Walmart vision is access to new channels, new trips and new consumers.  Can you fulfill this objective? 
 jacob98ingram lookin fly in Walmart
Gold Bond Ultimate Healing Cream Just  3.97 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  coupon  Coupons  deal
 sweet_lou4  SenSanders yeah but robbed, like at the car dealer or walmart
 N_Rearick14  KTelse5  madlaxerr i heard there's a walmart down the road...
We're  hiring! Click to apply: In Store Banker NMLS 1, 2, Senior - 103rd & Silver Spring Walmart -… 
filling out jobs applications to Mejier, Kroger, Walmart, & Target. so easy to find their applications. 😂
 GOATPUNCHER_  cj_wentz Only  532 at Walmart my vizio broke man cmon needed new tv
Don't miss the amazing J&J BOGO offer in the paper this morning! I'm picking some up  walmart today!  JohnsonsBeautyHack ad
Going to strangle Ranessa if she doesnt go to Walmart 🤷‍♀️
Does that little silver chain white trash ppl wear come with their pack of wife beaters from walmart or are they just passed down in family?
This winter storm must be worse than I thought. Walmart is closed.
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (SHE WAS PISSED)
56% said Scan and Go from  Walmart is "much easier" to use than conventional checkout. 
 GeoffTheHero on what site? Walmart went up for a whole 5 mins, but i was too late.
To the sweet old lady at walmart who told me I have a beautiful face the other day, bless your little heart <3
Trump reminds me of the cashier at Walmart pushing you to get a MasterCard only to make a buck added to their pay check.
GO GET SOME SHIT AT WALMART!! OK???
a bunch of dudes can hit them folk in a walmart parkin lot soundin like wildlife & be lit, but when keke bust a move, she a crackhead?..oh.
 Meta_Ethic damn son. I get a 5 pack of boxers at Walmart and I'm set I feel for yall females that suxx
 PlanalyticsWx  Walmart  TaubmanCenters  SimonPropertyGp: Stella Stops Northeast Retail in Her Tracks via  wwd
One Night Stand With A Walmart Cashier 
 Rangers Rodriguez and Scheppers should be on a greyhound bus back to Texas so they can start their jobs at Walmart.
I just seen the cutest blasian kids in Walmart😩😍
 jessemecham I think I saw you at the Walmart in Cedar Hills. I almost yelled out "Hey, I have a budget!!"
Idk wtf I just bought outta Walmart 😩
Mannnn someone tried hacking my account by buying  400 worth of shit at WalMart and a  300 membership at 😒😒😒
Why no acknowledgement Walmart burden to Medicare Pharmaceuticals create addicts Monsanto created diseases & chronic illnesses  BigMoney ?
 Walmart I ordered a switch today and the order says “undefined” with a date. It originally said arrives by. What does that mean?
 Lee_in_Iowa Walmart workers have always been subsidized by the American people low wages no hours minimum wage live below poverty level
Stuff. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Jacksonville, FL) 
Is Walmart still open?
 IAmAClimateChangeDenier cuz if most of the people I see shopping at Walmart don't change their clothes, how can th… 
Country Crush DVD exclusively available at Walmart 3/14 starring  kramergirl  shoutfactory  countrycrush 
Doesn't apply to me tho BC everyone right down to staff & Walmart clerks never fail to tell me how handsome my boy… 
 kitty_KATina 😂😂 I work at target so I know they open and my mom was just at Walmart
 CampbellD262  Oregon wrestlers this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide everyone knows. love  oregon
DVD Player Philips DVP2880x ... Apenas R 169.89 Acesse  TV  SmartTV   oferta  desconto… 
Walmart and Kroger: Stop Selling Meat from Abused Lambs - Sign the Petition! via  Change
My  Walmart associate didn't know how to do a price match and she logged off the computer and went to lunch in my face 😤😤😤😤
Why do I have to get sick on date night? I blame Walmart because I don't hangout with anyone ever.
Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 via  usatoday
Update: just saved  prinncesspeach from walking into a men's bathroom in Walmart
Our ready to bake scones are available on Walmart shelves! Look for us near the ready to bake cookie dough, you’ll… 
NEW Beauty Box from Walmart- Just pay  5 Shipping!! - 
 videogamedeals ... and my Walmart just got 4 Wii Us in stock. Actually, 2 sold and 2 more appeared out of no where. 
Stretch-Tite Premium Plastic Food Wrap, 500 sq ft [ Save 95% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
Found over  183.42 in potential profit from Walmart/Patio & Garden to sell on Amazon!  OA
So I got my application in for Walmart. All I can do now is wait & see if I get a phone call from them. Cross your fingers.
i cry in walmart
Enter to win  kramergirl Country Crush DVD +  50 Walmart Gift Card  shoutfactory  countrycrush 
I liked a video : FART SPRAY PRANK AT WALMART! (SECURITY CALLED) 
2016 Walmart  Exclusive Star Wars Smart App Enabled R2-D2 Intelligent Droid 
Walmart might sell masks for my face but what about my soul
Pretty cool plow at walmart in plymouth 
Walmart has officially fired their CEO. His replacement is still unknown.
Walmart: McCormick Grinders Only  0.79! 
Thinking of trying  WalmartCanada's new grocery pickup service? Read this first: 
black owned beauty supply fail 4 the same reasons as any other black owned business saying that is like saying stop shopping   Walmart
How could walmart lose power but food lion didnt 🤔🤔🤔
 fantasysalary if you ever wanna set up a blind taste test with the stuff you pick up at Walmart and organic comparable I bring from WF...
 pholanthropist Heard a chick say "Some bitch texted his phone last night. You know I'm bipolar right? Almost killed that nigga" at Walmart😒
ATTI:  ML09Purple 290 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 3/14/2017 5:58:21 PM
I'm pretty sure Walmart blocked my number, since I've been calling so often to see if the switch is available...
 Lee_in_Iowa Here in WI too. Walmart workers rely on our social safety net programs which cost taxpayers  1 million/yr for each supercenter.
 PureMassacre89 pull y'all pants down in the mall which we got them good at the mall & Walmart lol
This lady at Walmart today told me she was gon get me fired . I said "look here bitch I'm already gon get fired so do what you want." 😂😭 FYM
Champion was deadass sold at Walmart. Now it's being sold at Urban Outfitters for double the rate.
 TPM Walmart's hiring, motherfucker.
Here are 35 Black Farmers in the United States: Will You Shop with them Over Walmart, Whole Foods? | Urban... 
 swiftysl chanel vs walmart . 
 SaundraONTV  TastyChomps Farmer's Pantry Cornbread Crisps are in  Walmart,  Costco & other stores. Find one here: 
If you would like to see examples of bad parenting simply go to Walmart. These poor children!🙁
 NBCSuperstore Instead of saying we are going to Walmart, we say we are going to Cloud 9. ❤️ NBCSuperstore!
 zumbiezuza no matter what you pack, you'll be running to Walmart two times a day for the next two weeks
I'm sure Walmart needs some judgey greeters. 
One bori girl I knew just went to jail for stabbing a guy in Walmart!🤗
Omg Walmart has 4 leaf clover fluffies, I need
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kingman, AZ 
So I may be about to work two jobs I'm in orientation at my Walmart job & Red Lobster just hit me for a interview 🤔🤔😴🤑
 charlescwcooke It compares Walmart to insurance companies? Nothing similar. Also, pointing out some people spend  1200 on cable is attempt
I liked a  YouTube video from  simplelifemama Trying Walmart Grocery Pick-Up for the First Time
Walked in Walmart with sweatpants on and all of the milfs were looking at my dick print 😂
Walmart closing a Neighborhood Market in Littleton: The Walmart Neighborhood Market on Bowles Avenue in Littleton… 
Yesterday watched a dude buy shit at Walmart with food stamps and then load them up into his supped up racing Ford raptor.
Ok yeah you're in Cali for spring break but I just went to Walmart in my pajamas and I'm half way through the office so who wins
y'all sleeping on Walmart's  3.98 salads 😭😋
I just spent 4 hours at Walmart
 gpsmedia these two attacked me in the north end Walmart between 3:30PM and 4:30PM. Please find them! I already cal… 
Walmart is the most sketch store of my life lmao
 AnnualMeetings  NRA  HankJr  leebrice  NRACountry Attn: all Walmart shoppers, free concert! all white trash invited!
ugh just earlier, walmart had some switches up for 5 minutes and i happened to check at the right time but missed by 10-30 seconds
Star Wars The Black Series - Scarif Stormtrooper WALMART US IMPORT EXCLUSIVE...  StarWars 
Marshall PD searching for two Walmart robbery suspects»  Crimetracker  Walmartrobbery 
Literally cannot stand seeing ppl I know at Walmart😅😂
never go to the mcdonalds by walmart, they wont give you your chocolate milk
Another day another jüg at walmart
Local walmart has switch in Stock.  Oh to have disposible income again :(
Why do weird old couples always have to come right up next to me when they're arguing in Walmart
Y'all bitches TO OLD to be "HOLDING IT" In Walmart panties😂🤦🏾‍♀️ Sit yo childish ass down.💀
Monday yelled at a local Walmart because they saved the world from RUFIOH!
True match foundation is the best drugstore foundation and only  7 or  8 at Walmart. 
 Walmart there's a blizzard going on why are you still open  westernny
Chanel vs. Walmart  echelonpelato 
Got hired at Walmart, that  13 looking lovely 😛😝
Sneaky me. I am using Target's wifi without even shopping there. It is not too far from Walmart bus stop.
meteorologist: we are expecting to see about 2 total snowflakes in all of north georgie

ellijay: MILK. BREAD. NEED. LIFE. HELP. WALMART.
 PunYourJob

Its Walmart....

Wall to Wall Lazy f**ks on Motor carts. (Minus old handicaps)
Gotta remember to go by Walmart after I leave the library
THANK GOD that Walmart Pocahontas carries Pancho's Cheese Sauces...... 

 delicious
 BabyDeals Weekly Diaper Round-up 
Dead Shark Found In Walmart Parking Lot 
Dropping Toria off and getting her car towed home!! (at  Walmart in Greendale, WI) 
 DurpyYeen walmart
I bought a peel off mask from walmart and hopefully it doesn't rip my skin off
Someone at  Walmart was having a good time today. 
Is Walmart or target open?
Marshall PD searching for two Walmart robbery suspects 
Walmart (Walmart) Presents at Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology ... 
 JeromeBettis36 Hey Brother We met at Walmart Shareholders 2010! Anyway I could get you on my podcast… 
FEMALES WILL BLAST  GOSPELMUSIC ON THEIR WAY TO STEAL FROM WALMART!! 🤔😂😜👈🏾   RealSpit  Ohio  EastCoast  Midwest  Pow  BETGospel  Walmart
I have to go to walmart to get yogurt and tampons but am scared im going to lose my shit and walk out with a cart full.
Max  YourTaxCash with  Walmart  FamilyMobile and this fun smartphone stand + charm  DIY!  AD 
 kylebooth55  SuCh  realDonaldTrump Lol, don't compete with Walmart. Look around, everything you see requires someone to produce or service.
 Walmart I bought them both in store
Small  Business In A Walmart World by  engage2connect 
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
Summer Savings With Walmart Family Mobile  blog  blogging  technology
So now I'm currently exploring parts of Walmart that I didn't even know existed
 PRT  BabyBedding  Baby Activity Sheets 8 count 
Craigslist is the Walmart of advertising.
me: Bae get ready we going to Walmart real quick

her: 

 
 bIoodrose  ahsokatanos romeo, in his walmart gamer tshirt and reebok sweats: wow i ne'er saw true beauty til this night???
boutta hit up dis local Walmart y'all niggas want somthin? 
7 Ways to NOT Waste Your Tax Refund The MamaZone  anitra 
 Ad  PSA: Check for stock in the… 
Please explain to me why my dad thinks it's okay to stop and talk to my Ex in the middle of walmart?
Truth here. Have independently researched this. New employees are given WalMart workshops on registering for food s… 
 Ryan_Thompson85  drewisdaman4 Walmart chocolate milk  .80
Score 2 FREE Redbox movie rentals with this deal!

 FlailingFlora allergist, haircuts, walmart. in order.
scooby apocalypse shaggy is gucci shaggy he makes every other version of shaggy the walmart version
The Walton Family, owners of Walmart, are work  145 Billion, but can't pay their employees a livable wage or give t… 
Ugghh I can't find a  nintendoswitch any where In the State of VA.  BestBuy sold out  Walmart sold out! No Nintendo switch 4 my  birthday 😓
When you can grab a 1TB WD portable hard drive for  40, you've got no excuse to not back up your laptop… 
I was vetted more thoroughly at Walmart 
 Ri_Trilla We're sorry to hear that! Please contact our insurance carrier Claims Management, Inc. at 1-800-527-0566. -Trav
Sneaky Pussy Flash In Walmart Garden Section 
me and my dad just spent  60 on snacks and tea at walmart
 PamVA65  SuCh  realDonaldTrump and do what? Start what business? And how soon after will thebig guys like Walmart shut us down?
 pplofcraigslist this seems far better than People of Walmart!
 PPact  PressHerald It's not "birth control." That's available at Walmart Rx...it about murdering millions of babie… 
"Cucumber dill flavored Greek yogurt dip" cause who the fuck at Walmart gonna know what tzatziki is?
Imagine the absurdity of Walmart w/ it's market position as a wholesale buyer not leveraging this position to force discounts upon suppliers
 campluswhit but I emailed them and they put me on the list and I got one from the first batch. If walmart falls through it wouldn't hurt to
Walmart closing a Neighborhood Market in Littleton - The Walmart Neighborhood Market on Bowles Avenue in Little... 
I thought I had all my ducks in a row but then I found one lost in the alcohol isle at Walmart
Suppliers of Lowe’s in the US and Walmart in Brazil linked to slave labor in the Amazon: Mongabay  environment
Crazy how these used to be  5 at Walmart... now it's  40+... 
Bih got on a   4 slip from Walmart ain't it.. u cute but sit it down 
 KendallRaeOnYT i use the walmart brand of ultra restoring lotion and it works so good! On the plus side its also non greasy which is nice!
 MissyIsaacs Walmart in Athens
Don't feel like it but I needa go to Walmart real quick
 mrnickking913 The Walmart job not cutting it? How much?
Working at walmart is gonna be a pain the ass>.>
 campluswhit I was in Canada when pre-orders went up and couldn't access the US amazon/walmart/gamestop sites and thought I was SOL.
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael WALMART SHENANIGANS! (SNEAKING INTO THE BoeingCK OF WALMART)
Dang is walmart even open?? The parking lot looks dead
 theoztrucker Hmm better not go to Walmart in Vaughan Ontario Canada, they slam into your cart because they are not looking. Drive the same!
Im bouta park in a haddi-cap space at Walmart cuz this wind is so disrespectful!
 iainplayinnicca
I think my wife is cheating on me!

Better go to Walmart and buy a new Microwave so I can spy on her.
 VP The Greeter at Walmart does the same thing...
Wheels starting turning, and I decided to head to Walmart with hopes of it being empty. Goddamn what a brilliant idea that was!
Walmart is eyeing a second location in Crestview:  Walmart  Walmart  Crestview
 IAmAClimateChangeDenier Because Jesus put Walmart, Koch Industries & Paul Ryan in charge of the planet for a reason
Black Ed Sheeran goes to walmart
Something more for  Walmart  CEO to consider in "takeover target"  FortuneMagazine re:  taxcredits for NEW HIRES… 
 SoflyOnYouTube I work in a warehouse. Walmart distribution center
 lolitsMila yes I have them outside rn and I'm about to go to Walmart to get things then I'm gonna let them back in bc it's nice outside
Just sold to a 60 year old walmart employee
I liked a  YouTube video from  shellyb140 Weekly Meal Plan and Walmart Grocery Haul | Shelly's Home Life
People continue to speak out against  WalmartDoubleStandards!!  Walmart, do the right thing and go 100 percent cage-free in Latin America.
 Walmart, why do you still allow suppliers to cram hens into cages in Latin America?? Animal cruelty is bad business.  Walmart
Western Digital Elements 1TB Portable External Hard Drive for  39.99  Walmart  Portable 
My Daddy's Seasoning is sold on You got My Daddy's Seasoning yet?! 
. walmart  DougMcMillon Plz make a public statemt against Muslim Ban  CEOsAgainstTheBan   1beautifulwall  adstrike_… 
 KevinXSoles  Walmart keep me updated with these
.  Walmart CEO Doug McMillon on  privatelabel growth,  Lidl battle plan:  MarkHamstra 
One reason you see Lowe's and Walmart doing better at providing disaster supplies than FEMA is they were literally designed to scale for it.
Living in Florida made me realize it's acceptable to wear rags on you 1000th trip to Walmart
Here's what drives Walmart's M&A strategy these days by  philwahba  Walmart
Walmart stocked 1 Nintendo switch today. Guy right in front of us bought it. GG ✌🏼
Most of the makeup at the neighborhood Walmart on 4th and Eastern is on sale for  1.50
They have comfort color tees at Walmart 😍
GOT MINE FROM WALMART LONG AGO SUCCC MY ASS 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist PILLOW FIGHTS WITH STRANGERS IN WALMART-DOING YOUR DARES pt.2
 CNNPolitics Taking a cue from Walmart he's continuing the  AmericanRollback
They keep their workers hours just under what they need to qualify for healthcare, benefits, etc. I absolutely hate… 
Gold Bond Ultimate Healing Cream Just  3.97 At Walmart! 
Admittedly I've never been very good atamath, but I'm pmetty sure that Walmart + holidays:+ women in mom jeans stuffed in Uog boots = Hell
your mcm uses the original cash registers at walmart instead of the self checkout bc he doesn't love himself
Chanel Vs. Walmart 
 NazareTedescoisBack 
 SenhoraDoDestino 
As much as I hate Walmart I have to go there
 Walmart this is me when my direct deposit hit 💪🏾 
WHERE YOU AT WITH THE RESTOCK ALERT  Walmart?!?!??!?? 
myAppliances->Gourmia Introduces World's First Smart Air Fryers with Camera Connected to…… 
I went through the 12 items or less line at Walmart the other day with like 25 things and omg I felt so bad 😒😒
If you can't handle me at my Walmart, you don't deserve me at my Target.
I go to Walmart to buy Hunter bananas & end up with 2 outfits, 2 bath toys, cereal, bottle brush & a teether.. All for him. 😒
Marshall PD searching for two Walmart robbery suspects - KLTV ---
Adulting: being stuck at Walmart for 2 hours while your car waits to get its oil changed
My dad was expecting a view of the ocean from the hotel instead we have a view of Walmart 😐🙃 
I been avoiding Walmart. But it's lit tn
 megdillonn get the Certain Dri roll on deodorant from Walmart! Drew uses it and he told me about it, works sooooo well!
 AnnemarieWeers Yep, basically US tax payers subsidize WalMart employees who are underpaid. Why don't people understand this?
We were to get some snow today so last night there was literally no milk   Walmart & two-thirds of their meat was gone amongst other things.
. JedediahBila "Walmart allows the small businesses to grow". Said no one ever.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Canton, OH 
 Danvito_ think Walmart got a sale on Lee jeans from now until......forever. Might be up your alley
Idc about the cross walk at Walmart because sometimes I want to get hit. Like hit me, plz
*Storm Spotter Classroom Moved*

Northwest Arkansas Community College
Shewmaker Center: Walmart Auditorium
1100... 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (SHE WAS PISSED)
M&Ms Easter Candies  1.88 at Walmart via Printable Coupons | Deal Seeking Mom™ - Grab this new ... 
 FOX8NOLA Thats my Walmart. Coward asses.
A single Walmart Supercenter costs taxpayers between  904,542 and  1.75 million per year in public assistance. 
Walmart reports 29% growth in US e-commerce 
Target vs Walmart 
 megan_thescript    They go there first then hit Walmart on their way home. 😉
 MrBeastYT I dare you to walk into Walmart and ask people where they put your Asian sticker
 Walmart probably won't order anything else online ever again. Site to store and gets lost in transit? Now I have to order again? My fault?
Leave the country for 7 mos and come back to find out  Walmart charges for bags now! 😱  shocking
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist FART SPRAY PRANK AT WALMART! (SECURITY CALLED)
sell a man a Walmart, he eats for a day, teach a man how to fish, you ruin a freckled moisturiser 💕
Walmart is US largest employer. 60% of Walmart employees receive Gov't Assistance & if they spend their  SNAP at Wa… 
So I'm stuck at the bus stop at Walmart until 5:32 cause I thought it said it arrived at 4:32🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
 HIMSS 2017: Business opportunities abound outside of traditional care delivery settings  
I liked a  YouTube video FIRST TIME IN WALMART !!
Our S’mores Maker is available on Designed for indoor + outdoor use and all kinds of fun 
Just left the 3rd  Walmart and they are out of  AleveLiquidGels  curious  outofstock
 Walmart we spend thousands of     at Walmart yearly employees confront us demanding to see reciept - we have never stolen.
MT: A brand that is quietly forward-thinking: Here's what drives Walmart's M&A strategy these days  fortunemagazine
Crazy ass motherfuckers pushing each other around in a Walmart cart down broadway 😂😂😂😂
This makes no sense that's bc y'all comparing a high end brand bra with a low end Walmart tee guys clothes are expe… 
niggas is always down for a Walmart trip 😭
Grocers Like Walmart, Kroger Are Finding Innovative Ways To Compete With Online Delivery 
Walmart rey get more money outta me
 kasper851 We're sorry about that! Have you tried clearing your cache and cookies or using a different browser? -Trav
FortuneMagazine: Here’s what Walmart’s CEO looks for in a takeover target 
 Israelkicksass Code "Yellow" at Walmart today. For real! I need to start my Krav Maga lessons ASAP. Parking lots are scary!
FortuneMagazine : Here’s what Walmart’s CEO looks for in a takeover target … 
 sarahkendzior  walmart Ironic Walmart commercial is promoting manufacturing in USA since it's the company that forced overseas production
 riznasty9 actually you didn't say it was a guy you said Walmart employee
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart METHOD | Work 100%
 bIoodrose  ahsokatanos mercutio and romeo is like chanel vs walmart
More Than 22,000 Walmart Associates in Alabama to Receive Share of over  4 Million in Cash Bonuses 
Walmart magically had the Switch in stock for 5 mins online and I think I somehow managed to snag one.  Fingers cro… 
GERM CONVENTION AT WALMART! (3.13.17) 
Has anyone else received this email from Walmart Beauty Box? This box is replacing the Spring… 
It's 🔥🔥🔥🔥 Walmart 2996 with this newly approved endcap!  boostmobile  nraatournament  martyachi  SprintCentralTX 
 rrchelley *runs to walmart*
 Walmart Is it corporate policy for local stores to demand to see a receipt & search someone's cart when there is no evidence of theft?
Here’s what Walmart’s CEO looks for in a takeover target 
— Fortune (FortuneMagazine) Mar…
Panasonic Eneloop AA 2100 Cycle Ni-MH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteries (Pack of 8) -  15.79   Amazon or Walma... 
 bdeeman78 you just expect less and get more. It's like the Walmart of days
"My Birthday is on Wednesday, it's my Birthday weekend too."  heardinwalmart  walmart  walmartians
DIY Goldfish® Crackers Cup Toss Game! {Featuring  GoldfishSmiles from  Walmart!}  GoldfishGameTime AD 
I'm gonna need people to stop trying to hit on me while I'm at Walmart
Adventure Medical Kits Ultralight and Watertight .5 Medical Kit [ Save 85% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals 
When e-bikes are available through Kohl's and Walmart, perhaps they've become normalized.  Transportation  teamfollowback
Change of plans! I put back several things I bought so I can manage to walk home; I'm not staying at Walmart for two hours.
I don't even know why I showered before I went to Walmart.
Out of Walmart's entire fleet of buggies I always pull out the loudest one.
 beekingsley  Walmart Bought 2 copies of Country Crush  today! Will watch later...
Idiots at Walmart really just freaking set me off
Here’s what Walmart’s CEO looks for in a takeover target 
Walmart makes me want to blow my brains out
 Wallieisgod cant play when the host lives in walmart
Wal-Mart was hit w/ a  5.5M verdict over claims they retaliated against him for filing a discrimination complaint… 
Current obsession:  cheezit duoz half cheddar, half parmesan.. I may or may not have bought three boxes at Walmart today 😂😍
 6 at Walmart. 
Woman Uses Stolen Gift Cards at Grovetown Walmart & Leaves with Man in Kia Soul 
 jimcramer So what's going on in Retail sector? Stores closings, bankruptcies,layoffs, Buffett pulling out of Walmart?  HellInShoppingCart
 MrBeastYT I dare you to go to Walmart and go to the enter com and say deez nuts
Facebook is like the Walmart of social media platforms
FART SPRAY PRANK AT WALMART! (SECURITY CALLED)

Go watch and subscribe to  luzzi_michael 🔥 
 be_a_weed What an adorable picture! Thank you for sharing that with us. -Trav
 beccahay12 tim hortons on chili ave by walmart is closed🙂
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 102 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/14/2017 5:29:07 PM
 dabosss_ them WalMart cameras have the proof
 canidiantwit  Natalie_S_B waited in the car at Walmart. This is the way mark came out of Walmart!  weirdAF… 
 BigT44DFS  EricCrain  ameansy  stevietpfl looks like a Walmart 29.99 special
 Bonita_red my friend said it's really good and I know AaliyahJay swears by it. Its  3 at Walmart.
 luzzi_michael liquid ass+Walmart+Mall= Hilarious video for Michael😂💩 P.O. Box✔️  I'm sending you Germany candy or stuff like that🍭
I hope Walmart still has some insulated bibs
So I'm outta town and my niece goes to college here.... 
Me: I'm running to Walmart. U need anything? 
Her: 
 JedediahBila to the left,  the free market is when they shoplift at Walmart
If you haven't gone to Walmart at 2 am after leaving a bar, I highly suggest it.  Alexxis_Z33  ShanteXari
wait if theres a fantasy costco is there like .. a fantasy walmart and a fantasy goodwill
Great results from  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  SheSpeaksUp 
Guys I'm going to post a selfie. I came to Walmart.
nice Walmart board kid 
 whiteIaw speaking of cpine! I saw your mans at walmart twice! (and your movie!!) hope you're well 💕💕 
"21,000 Arizona Walmart employees sharing  157M in cash bonuses" via  phxbizjournal
cc:  walmartnewsroom
I asked for  20 cash back at Walmart and forgot to pick it up. So I'm   20 poorer because of my stupidity 🙄
This snow so heavy it broke my shovel. So I got to Walmart & guess what? They don't have any shovels. That many people need shovels?!!
looks like i prefer walmart for once 
They gave me a Walmart hat, but I don't like wearing hats
this girl at walmart nodded at me and said "i feel you" as i stuffed my face with mcdonalds lmao
Swearinger paid Cravens  75K to wear  36

I said "oh wait! Forgot this" & gave the Walmart cashier the  2.21 I had on my giftcard last week
3 girls at Walmart looking at me: ew look at her                               Me: oh
Just watched a Walmart employee sneeze all over the bananas, awesome 🙃🙃
I aint got no spring break lol a nigga got bills to pay and shit 🤔with that being said ... im at work as i tweet on break  Walmart
this song was playing in walmart and i wanted to commit 
Interesting.  Walmart so rich thru underpayment of staff. Forces workers onto food stamps. They scam off Gov & taxe… 
Walmart Shooting 
Well screw it I'm not going to Walmart anymore 😂😂
Stole From Walmart Now Security Chasing Me Like They Got Beef
I liked a  YouTube video Disturbing the peace WALMART EDITION
Channel vs Walmart 
I'm so mad that Champion is such a trend now and they use to sell it at Walmart for the cheap
1. I can't bleve walmart is selling Jordan's 
2. I can't fuckin bleve how much they selling them 4...
😂😂😂
Found over  1,793.42 in potential profit from Walmart/Home to sell on Amazon!  OA
 KatyKlinger  FoxNews  FoxNewsInsider Americans don't have to buy it. Americans hurt American jobs cause they shop at Walmart
 bomani_jones LaVar Ball needs to change that name of his brand big baller sounds like its goin straight to Walmart next to the And1 & Shaqs
Walmart closing a Neighborhood Market in Littleton  denver
>80 of 🌎's largest corps — e.g., Walmart, Microsoft & Google — commit to 100%  renewables, the market responds 
At the  OregonZoo.  Walmart sponsors Second Tuesday & admission is just  4 for adults! Had to visit my fave - the… 
They everywhere boo. Online, Walmart, khols. Just have to find someone to jail break it 
 luke_kelly80 yea fuck Walmart
I can't believe 2 more days I'll be out of st lucie west Walmart 😱
An old man in Walmart just threatened to hit me with his cart  rippy  SAprobs
A random guy at Walmart just bought me the flowers I was looking at and I'm so shook rn like wow did that really just happen
[walmart] Jogo Forza Horizon 3 Xbox One por R  79,90 
Kirbyville teen to be charged in Walmart bomb threat via  bmtenterprise
 _DestineeT Walmart on joe b. Jackson pkwy
 davidfrum PLEASE  POTUS --34 of 35 countries have done it successfully +-. Ask yourself--we're WalMart to Pharma, Why do we pay the MOST?
Walmart (Walmart) Presents at Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology ... 🗣 Opines on  Retail
Walmart has gotta be the weirdest place on earth
I really wanna go to Walmart and blast the Goofy Goober song on their speakers
absolutely hate the walmart parking lot🙄
 memofromdc  JessikaJayne Not nearly as ignorant as u cuz her purpose of being on Walmart board was try & get more women hired + better tx
Breaking: i really need to go to walmart or i might die of starvation soon
 TheHerd  ColinCowherd 2016 Walmart  482 billion. Amazon  43 billion  nicetry
Walking through walmart like a zombie and wishing I was back in bed tbh.
My old Walmart really stepped the game up in the 3 years I been gone. They even got real security cameras now
 dorkymgc  enchiladad dw i found thin mint cereal at walmart today
 TDividendMogul how concerned are you about  WarrenBuffett dumping  Walmart ?
he was at walmart and told him to come over and he passedy house a few times found it then walked up to my porch an… 
How I felt when they brought Dragon Ball Z blind bags to Walmart  Anime  Weeabo 
 mariejuneb Remember when we slept drunk in the Walmart parking lot because it was snowing
"I love your glasses!" "Thanks :) I got them at Walmart."
 alerts  COLORADO - Bomb Threat Prompts Evacuation At Fountain Walmart  preppers
Anyways, so I was at Walmart, because Walmart is where you hang out as a teen in Kansas, and ask my friend about this girl
Hopefully after I hit Walmart and the mall real quick the gym isn't packed.
Never worked at Walmart
why do soundcloud rappers get so much disrespect? yall act like cause they aint got cd's at walmart they music is shit
KSFY South Dakota Walmart associates to receive share of  157M in cash bonuses KSFY Walmart… 
btw every scruffy white guy in a walmart self checkout looks like damien chazelle
3 billion dollars worth of inventory gets stolen from Walmart each year. Which is only 1% of their revenue😂
 jouguly i love walmart
I want some grapes 🍇. Guess walmart gone see me tonight 😘
Just heard some guy in Walmart say "It's like the liquified version of water" ....??? Umm wtf are you saying
At Geneva Walmart
Looks like  Walmart is having a sale on cameras. 
I walked around Walmart parking lot for 5 min trying to find my car. It's fine. I'm completely fine.
CM  NoelGallo5 says he goes to buy Raiders shirt on Hegenberger, tells  oakmtg a portion of the Walmart lot is "really ghetto."
Try a new body wash from  Dove!  PamperWithPeony  Walmart  ad 
Friend-"wanna hear my  Wendys high story"
Me-"sure"
Friend-"I was so high I tried to pay with a  25 Walmart gift card and they let me do it"
I couldn't find the spinach dip in Walmart, and I really wanted it for my Doritos.
 bearsfordallas tried to celebrate Pi day at a local pie place. Turns out everyone else in Dallas had the same idea.... off to Walmart we go
Thank you,  Walmart for offering science-based shirts in the GIRLS' section. Would love to see  Target do the same.… 
 Legend 2016 DC  Comics  Batman Rebirth  1 Black Logo Walmart Exclusive Comic  Hot  Sales 
 Toy  Cars: Hot Wheels 2017 Walmart Exclusive Batman Series 6  Car Set 
Ohio Man Steals  3,800 Worth of Fishing Gear From Walmart |  HuntingNews 
Walmart be firing niggaz left & right
Forget a movie theater, I would submit walking the parking lot of the old Walmart on Hegenberger was already an action thriller.
My Visa credit card just sent an email re: possible fraud because I just placed two orders at 😂  unusualbehavior
 caub22 We're sorry to hear this! Please contact us at so we can look in to this matter. -Trav
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game &Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
 acraftyspoonful  AFewShortCuts  Walmart but J&J aren't cool to have absorb into your skin
 pituvision Walmart actually had the clean version as well but it was on the top shelf. I ended up getting both. 
I want some chicken wings from cinco and fried lobster w shrimp and waffles . Think I'll go to Walmart and get me a nice lil waffle maker..
 emilyparkerr3 Walmart
Walmart Family Mobile Plus- Max Your Tax Cash!  YourTaxCash - Seasonal Memories  yourtaxcash
Drove all the way to Walmart just to get ghost recon 😅😂
I wanna call Walmart and be like, "do you still carry sleds or have you already moved onto pool toys?!"
Maximize your tax refund with Walmart  FamilyMobile  YourTaxCash  ad 
Just seen Jade at Walmart
Buddy system in Walmart!  cutenessOVERLOAD 
I need to go to Walmart
 BrockMathias1  Rosie  SpeakerRyan  LouiseMensch In fact, all rich should shop Kmart and Walmart, oh, and Dollar General, too.
I love Walmart so much I even work there. 
 macy_greer I hate to love Walmart. I talk shit about it the whole time im in there meanwhile I'm dropping  200 on random shit 😂😒
Lady at Walmart said I look 15. I turn 20 in 6 months.
Oakland CM Larry Reid says a movie theater operator is interested in the former Walmart on Hegenberger.  oakmtg
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
why was mans walking through Walmart with his boys and looking at pornhub 
The excessive smell of cigarettes in apartment hallways reminds me of the smell walking into Walmart as a youngin '
"Of the world's 100 biggest 'economies', 69 are corporations. Walmart being in 10th place, before Spain, Australia… 
Criminal Animal Abuse Exposed at Walmart Pork Supplier 
I called Snowflake's Walmart to see if they had the Switch, and the lady said "Is that one of those button thingies?"..... I hung up.
Walked out of Walmart today and forgot where I parked🤦🏽‍♀️ Friday where are you at??
can Walmart just let us go home already??? this is ridiculous I have better ways to spend my last days
I Look Too Cute For Walmart I Look Like I Could Be Going Out If I Dropped These Uggs..
  all you people that go to Pearl City Walmart. 
I lost my brother in walmart🙄
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist walmart - sweet takes saur shopping
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  CricketRewards Download today!  
Lmao Andrew has such horrible patients that he's flipping shit on the self checkout at Walmart 💀
 mitch_hulik55  ARlSUCKS telling you Walmart got the shirt tuxedo only for  10 bucks. Straight up deal. That's what I'm doing
I JSUT WALKED 2 FUCKING MILES TO MY NEAREST WALMART TO SEE IF THEY HAD CAMILA'S LATINA MAGAZINF AND THEY DIDNT IM GONA CRYB
Travel bans across the NE but  Walmart SM harrass employees to show up for work  StellaBlizzard  stella. Walmart is not essential FYI
 JeffHollandaise One of my neighbors in FL, She was also on meth. I'm not shocked at all. 
the cashier at walmart thought i was 12 wtf 😭😭😭
Walmart and these lying prices!!! Shelf said  3.96 why did I pay  4.97. Shelf said  28.97 why'd I pay  32.98????
 Walmart gave them a call, they offered me a refund if I returned the product, why would I keep bug filled lettuce? Not very helpful
so..yesterday I hit a milestone yesterday.. I ate chicken nuggets from mcdonalds in walmart during shopping, so GOOD
Chanel vs Walmart.  BBCAN5 
M&Ms Easter Candies  1.88 at Walmart  DealSeekingMom
Among several things I appreciate about the Walmart grocery pick up service is how they handle… 
These two attacked me in Walmart in Guelph Ontario Canada on Woodlawn Road!  BonnyAndClyde I am Autistic BTW 
This Lady In Walmart Got A Fat Ass 😱
 KayleeLikesCake  bennymcnugget Yay I thought I lost you 😂😂😂💕 yop benny is not 😕
Did you already left to Walmart ? 😊💕
Walmart Spring Beauty Box Filled with Items Only  5 Shipped! via Raining Hot Coupons - I know a ... 
 10 Walmart eGift Card only 670 Coke Points! Life is sweet at My Coke Rewards 
I really sent P to go get my meds from Walmart. 😂
 JessikaJayne she was literally a lobbyist for Walmart. "The people's lobbyist" how ignorant can you get?
When the job gives you a  50 Walmart gift card>>>>>>
 Forever___16 Walmart has them!
1 shot, 1 run over in gang fight in Walmart parking lot 
Why is a box of white cheddar cheezits 5  at Walmart? I was so annoyed yesterday
walmart said aldi's is big comp so starting tommorrow aldi's slashing prices way to go trample up trumps walmart lets go
 realDonaldTrump are any of these paying a livable wage or did Walmart open a new store?
 exoditedragon maybe! It would be the cheapest, crappiest microwave camera b/c my workplace bought a Walmart special years back
 SnivellusDiP sheesh, target? i went to second hand stores and walmart to furnish my first apartment
Really pissed at myself for putting the Ben and Jerry's half baked froyo back at Walmart. Who did I think I was?!?!
 walmart  verobeach only 7 lanes open each with atleast 5 carts waiting
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Boynton Beach, FL 
Pence is brushing up on his skills in hopes of being a Walmart greeter. 
eBay: 2015 DAN DEE Walmart CHRISTMAS Snowflake TEDDY BEAR Brown GIRL 20"  usa  teddybears… 
"walmart" iconic 
myAppliances->For weight loss without losing your appetite, try these tasty plant-based…… 
WWE: "Oh, Mikes going on Spring Break? Let's have a DVD sale at Walmart"
Retweeted PBR ( PBR):

Ready to meet the best in the sport? Head out to the PBR Experience at  Walmart as we get... 
There was only 2 left of the jetsons wwe DVD a Walmart and I got one! I think us wwe were excited!
It's s blessing living next to a Walmart
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Pretty sure the Walmart greeter just passive aggressively told me to gtfo with a "Have a nice night" when I walked INTO the store.
 WrestlingMart this kills  ringworm quickly. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide truly a great  cream
I seen this older gentleman at Walmart with grey sweatpants on and my lawdddd was he packing
I'm really about to go Walmart and buy a heater for my dorm ! It's soo cold
Wal-Mart facing  5.5M in damages over discrimination and retaliation claims: 
 WabaJabba  KEEMSTAR yeah, but still go to a Walmart in Georgia  at midnight and you will see a freak show
Walmart - Jogo Xbox One Forza Horizon 3 Microsoft - R 79,90

 
Sam’s Club Membership +  10 Gift Card for  30  samsclub  deal  walmart  discount  savings… 
 Target is down 0.44  their at 54.75 however  Walmart is up 0.77 their at 70.72 also  Costco is up 0.69 their at 165.24  TGT  Walmart  COST 💲💸💵📈
 Walmart YDOu still allow suppliers 2 cram hens in2 cages in Latin America? Animal cruelty is bad business.  Walmart PLSE DO THE RIGHT THING
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Austin, TX 
 lkhiggi get it together higgs. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. please enjoy
 wolfrvbe swear to god Walmart already dropped these first..
Two people wanted in Marshall Walmart theft 
Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.

＠futurism
 __AmandaJay Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Riverdale, UT 
In the Walmart bathroom and someone's peeing with the door wide open😂😂😂
 AlleeMG  GovMikeHuckabee  cbslocal fake weather reports boost the economy. Here Walmart was PACKED and we didn't get ONE snowflake
I just wanna be rich enough not to ever grocery shop at Walmart, dawg
Faded Glory Women's Embellished Crew Sweater for  5 + pickup at Walmart

I spent  9 on a velvet plush blanket last night at Walmart and I've never made a better decision.
Jetson is mainstreaming e-bikes with its Adventure bike - When e-bikes are available through Kohl's and Walmart... 
Big shout out to John Rodgers, Mike Hartwell, Michael Lewis and the crew at the Quincy Walmart for donating 111... 
People continue 2 speak out against  WalmartDoubleStandards!  Walmart, PLEASE do the right thing & go 100 % cage-free in Latin America.
futurism: Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.


Walmart just called me and said my groceries are ready for pick up! I like this new way to shop lol
Some small kid in Walmart slapped my ass and called me a sock
 delvin_cox  CCRunner524 freaking website redirects me to the brazilian walmart... Is it still in stock?
XFrederikWLCX  FUTURETECH  Science Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.


 MemphisWater – Walmart On Black Friday -  Apocalypse  WaterWorld 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 2 DAY SHIPPING FREE!
Today  lexi_spanier learned what a 'buggy' is at Walmart. Your southern education continues.
Ahh hell im sneezin n throat itching going str8 to walmart for Claritin
 3 off BIC razors coupon = FREE at Walmart 
Thinking about buying G4U TR-8660? Read our latest review of the product by Isabe via  yotpo
Walmart on Tusc- you see it all their folks.
I seriously hate, HATE, coming to Walmart 🙄🙄🙄😒😒😒
The young man working in the Prattville Walmart automotive is quite attractive. 👀
FART SPRAY PRANK AT WALMART! (SECURITY CALLED): via  YouTube
 LysandraaLynn did you go to Walmart? Target? Toys r us? 😂 I went everywhere and go so much free stuff. Bottles , diapers , formula !
 kroger I'm 100% Done with Kroger Pharmacy as if today I will give my  1000s to Walmart for now on I hope others will as well
United Solutions Multi-Use Utility Caddy, Blue [ Save 86% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
She always looks like she's inspired to bust a move while she's on her way to Walmart or some shit... 
 ChesterCheetah she walks around the house going num num then points to where we keep them. :) Walmart had them but they don't now.
 _megancalvez so you might need this. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide . yes or  maybe ?
Put cash back in your wallet. Earn free giftcards for Amazon, Walmart, and more. 
News:  Walmart has  320m plan to win back Brazilians via  Investopedia  Walmart
. WildZoraFoods, maker of meat & veggie bars, making  Walmart debut:  ExpoWest… 
. stjmartinez has details on when Action Power Sports is opening in the former Walmart Market building in Waukesha. 
A blueberry pie for an easy mid-week treat!  realsolutions 
Pinpointing a culprit in time may just save lives.


 True_Thoughts hey, I get my meds cheaper than walmart now.  Go here and check their pric... (cont) 
Walmart needs observation decks.
 BeautyChickee corkscrew is going to walmart
 Walmart 1 was named Erica and the other I cant remember they should be commended But asst Mgr Pamela at 109 Doty store should be fired🤷🏾‍♂️
 Miss_M921 everyone is evolving. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. tell the planet
I seriously hate Walmart so much. 🙄😒
What time the money center close at Walmart
 kroger there pharmacy at Kroger sucks when it come to customer service and support get the good Rx card and go to Walmart to get it honored
Faded Glory Women's Marled Sweater Dress for  10 + pickup at Walmart

Walmart has the most disgusting bathrooms I have ever seen
HAPPY COUNTRY CRUSH DAY EVERYBODYYYY 💗 available today on Amazon & Walmart! 
 sailorxgloom  Walmart they can choke. They should restock the stores before they wanna play games with me online.
 JimSterling Check Walmart. I mean I walked in to my local one on launch day - they had 20 of them and 25 Switch Consoles still.
Are you going to a  condo Book with us and request an stop to the grocery store  cancun  taxi  airport  Walmart 
Happy more stores are caring black hair care stuff. Honestly target Walmart have better shit then they do.
 Walmart The other two assistant managers on duty that day were very pleasant and the only reason that I didn't put yall on Facebook live
So do people really finesse the walmart self checkout line ?
have fun at walmart !!!  corbynbesson
If Walmart don't refund this 150  Ima take it out there ass 😡
oh, seems it's a trend
still, the attempt on kyu was like a lame walmart version of already fugly fashion 
I keep forgetting to tweet that the tiny tsum tsums are only  1 at walmart in the easter section
 Boostd  TaxSeasonSavings  Walmart 1800  boostmobile  UNLIMITED  50 + add a line ONLY  25  NRAATournament… 
Finally...   Walmart Pico Rivera 
 proud1dmom We're sorry to hear this. Please contact us at so we can address this matter. -Trav
Lady at Walmart say she need pampers and food for her kids. I offer to buy a box of pampers and baby food, she say sje need  37 smh
 kroger Walmart if I did not like there prices one hell of a way to talk to a customer what happen to the customer is always right.
Lowkey about to go buy one of those plastic pools from Walmart and stick it in my back yard.
i suddenly love walmart
 Walmart I will also be filing a formal complaint but I thought it important that everyone in the world of Twitter knew what I went through💯
Mr.BrettBro + Water Bottle Flip + Walmart = Water Bottle Flip Trickshots In Walmart!!  Soon  WaterBottleFlip  Walmart  MrBrettBro
Okay look I'm really not a dumb person, so someone please explain to me why I just decided to bus to Walmart, in a blizzard, in rush hour
 3.97 Tyson Chicken Nuggets at Walmart 
at walmart waiting for a tire change and these two guys gave their baby soda in a baby bottle
Walmart Expands Capabilities as Online Shopping and Traffic Grows 
 Walmart I was completely disgusted. This is not the type of treatment I expect when I come to Walmart. Word of advice, hire better managers
guess I should go to Walmart and get the card so I can reserve a hotel on Thursday. I won't be taking my phone either.
I've fallen in love with the cart boy in Walmart
The Walmart Sustainability Playbook: Brief outline w/ tips for packaging sustainably in 2017… 
Yes I gotta get high before I hit Walmart.
Admittedly I've never been very good at wath, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + wouen in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
 CierraJasmineH nail shop in Walmart
 Walmart not once did she come to apologize for the way she acted as a matter of fact she went and hid until we left smh 🤦🏽‍♂️
. Walmart Spring Beauty Box - Free +  5 shipping 
Walmart is more appropriate for her clientele.  EmpororC  LadyLiberty411
Gillette razor w/ 2 refills for   5.62


( 9 at Walmart) 
Gillette razor w/ 2 refills for  5.62


( 9 at  Walmart) 
Bremt Spiner, Walmart has chocolate chip ice cream
Brandy F. of Howard City, MI  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
The denim strands hanging off the jorts of chubby chicks at Walmart is basically the same as the ear necklace from Universal Soldier.
 C_Knight12  Walmart well damn, ima have to check it out cuz i love shopping online
 Walmart 1800 still loud & proud showing customers  TaxSeasonSavings for  boostmobile &  virginmobileusa… 
 AmyE_Glitters me going to Walmart. 😂🙄
 LivinLikeDee yeah i got it in antioch from that smoke shop by walmart . Its like a little blue bottle and i even used the whole bottle 2x
that baby wearing supreme and im sat here wearing fuzzy crocs and a shirt i got from walmart 
Dive into the  Garanimals pool for clothes that rule! 
 Walmart only aftr my girlfriend went to the front of the store causing a scene did she agree to do what she shoulda done in the first place
I just wanna point out that I got 2 bras and a pair of shoes for less than  20 at Walmart.
Beautiful  virginmobileusa display  Walmart on Classen in  Norman OK  35 for 5Gb of LTE data is the best value in P… 
 foxandfriends  FoxFriendsFirst-Get some dignity 4 yourself even if it's a  Walmart brand as you have none: we don't go against our own
I liked a  YouTube video Small Crafty Walmart Haul
 Walmart since when do you not price match⁉️ since when do you treat customers this way⁉️
i love my little  1 slippers i got from Walmart lol they are so cute and comfy
 ScreamnSicilian I wish I could get Supremus Maximus again, in Puerto Rico, like we used to at Walmart.
Walmart
 Walmart she then voids my whole transaction and walks to the front of the store like I was nothing and not there to spend my money😡😡😡
 thatcrazyclaire my brain: "there's a walmart in destin?"
Gillette razor  w/ 2 refills for  5.62


( 9 at Walmart) 
I got yelled at in Walmart for taking a big bouncy ball out and accidently dropping and the worker took it from me and said no
 paulala_21  whitttwilson cool then she can meet you at hobby lobby and walmart and take you to PCB for your birthday
Can this hour go head n pass by... I think im runnin in walmart w/o chase
 AdidasWrestling you should brand our cream. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide kills  ringworm fast !
 Walmart I tried to compromise by saying I will purchase in app if she will process it right here she again refused to accommodate me
I really wanna read milk and honey. Do they have it at Walmart?
this girl had a fake baby doll in the seat in the buggy at walmart today. she must be expecting.
 yahgirldes sams club has some good clothes too. I usually get all my jackets from sams club or walmart
Why is Champion becoming trendy when it literally was sold at Walmart
Gillette razor w/ 2 refills for  5.62


( 9  at Walmart) 
That Bum Ass Outfit Along With Them Busted Ass Retros Deserves To Be Spit On Is That A Cheap Walmart Watch? Boy Kil… 
 yahgirldes my fav is walmart and target though. I use coupons for my clothes there though they expensive.
 Walmart I explain to her that it was already approved and that I just need her to honor it. She reiterates that she WILL NOT PRICE MATCH
I liked a  YouTube video from  domtracyy 24 HOURS IN WALMART CHALLENGE! *WE GOT KICKED OUT* WE STAYED FOR ALL
I HATE WALMART
Ana got me right in this Walmart lmaoo I'm high afffff
 Walmart I was told I would have to purchase it in app and wait for it to be processed even though all my items were right in front of her🤔
The DMV is like Walmart. Where the mouth-breathers don't understand personal space and everyone brought the family
 motion YES YOURS. First saw her in the Walmart pickin out your drawers. 😂😂
 PatMcCroryNC welcome to WalMart! Can I get you a 🛒?
I hate when I go to Walmart, purposely park on the end where the stuff I need is, and the only open registers are on the other end 😠
Simply Orange Coupon = Awesome Deal at Walmart 
The one in Walmart 
Movie snack lines are the worst of all lines. Coming in just above Walmart and the DMV
B4G2 FREE Renuzit Cones Coupon = HOT Deal   Walmart! - 
 Walmart Pamela then says he csm had it wrong and she WILL NOT price match the online in store price 🤔
Your MCM got blindfolded and walked across campus for "connections". He operates the register at Walmart
RCA review: Bought tablet from walmart rca voyager the volume does not work ive tried to contact you before about  - 
I'm an adult who can and does make adult decisisons. And that means, I can buy 15 dollars worth of Nesquik at Walmart and not regret it.
King of Walmart!/ Lord of the Aisle: via  YouTube
This is what happens at the Walmart by Sowela. 😂😂 
me n my shitty ass 30 dollar walmart android 
How come my IPhone 7 got a better camera than the security cameras in Walmart 😳🤔
 Walmart at this point I've been here an hour and a csm had already approved the transaction
 Walmart your cashiers and  management really need some sensitivity training. To question a mentally challenged 24 yr .
 hammerfilms I've tried Walmart (Where I got a Dracula 4 movie set) and your online store. Very little selection.
 Repugnant_Thing We're sorry to see that! Please contact us at 888-658-6325 so we can work to address this. -Trav
Is walmart open?
 xanfiene yeah i had a champion hoodie from walmart back in 
 Walmart She proceeds to tell me that they don't price match 🤔Huh?  I tell her it's my home store and I'm in the app
 CrackDaddyCain walmart has changed
 BasicSavs idk girl idk I've only done it once and I was at Walmart
I'm bout to go to Walmart & get me another bathroom set this one ugly 😩
 Walmart I waited 10 more min and asst Mgr Pamela at the 109 Doty store came out and asked the associated who approved this price match
 samdlyn ayyy saw you at Walmart 😄
Cindy A. of Fontana, CA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
I hate Devine Walmart pharmacy more than anything in this world. 🙃
 CA_Ray5 pretty sure Walmart has that for like  25
 AmnesiacOwl I bet he only has WalMart grade furniture in his house.
Country Crush  Giveaway 3 winners of this fun movie exclusively at Walmart on 3/14!  
 JonestheWay2go Walmart . I think the next one coming at 5:40 right ? Cause I have to be at work at 6
Gillette  razor w/ 2 refills for  5.62


( 9 at Walmart) 
 baycollins21 I was getting hamburger out for dinner and I opened a bag of meat from his parents and it was inside of the Walmart bag 😂
Couldn't hold back when I saw these at Walmart. Ariel even has a little tail! 😍 Miss B keeps… 
In fact, seven of the Sheriff’s Office’s 10 busiest locations were Walmarts. 
 MENACE  WoodyProducer  GregGory987  987Woody they put the furniture up before I got here but nice curtains  Walmart 
 Walmart she price matched one item and darted before the transaction was complete and another key turn was required
 Jaime_lazcano SEND WALMART
 Codet215 i heard walmart is the plug for the triple feature.
I think I had a MAJOR breakthrough on the Big Song so I'm gonna go to walmart and buy good food!!!!
Walmart TV Commercial, 'The Best Things in Life Are Free' Song by Sam Cooke -  ispottv
About to ball out in this here Walmart 😂
AT WALMART :/
Yes!!! Finally got the  NintendoSwitch. Got mine from Walmart. :D
Today's a great day to go to Walmart since no one is out
Chainstore Age - Walmart issues  157 million in bonuses to employees 
 Walmart an associate told me she needed a manager to come do the price match.  I waited 30 for a csm to come
Beat boredom with a Giant Floor Maze! **post includes free maze template**   Walmart… 
 cheyenne_lee7 i heard the place by crowley walmart does acrylics for 18
one thing I hate about walmart is they always ask to see your recciet.🙄
 ChloeMorineaux  bennymcnugget haha😂 Walmart is a big store with like everything you need basically. But it's just a store and yeah. 😊
 bryaant24 it's a good fallback. And it seems to be the only place we can get order one right now. But keep checking Walmart and Target!
Gillette razor w/ 2 refills  for  5.62


( 9 at Walmart) 
I was walking into Walmart and snow flurries started coming down pretty hard. I was afraid I'd get trampled in a milk and bread stampede.
 NEWS Wal-Mart Facing  5.5M in Damages Over Worker Retaliation Claims: A Connecticut jury fou..  fashion  beauty 
Walmart exists 
 Walmart First off I came in looking for an item that was listed at my home store online for a diff price than it was in store
Off to Walmart wish me luck
 NaplesAlleycat  cathleendecker You can get the pill real cheap or free at Walmart. So...why do you support the genocide of your own race?
BIG BoeingG OF PURPLE DORITOS AT WALMART ON HWY 6 AND WESTPARK I REPEAT, BIG BoeingG OF PURPLE DORITOS AT WALMART ON HWY 6 AND WESTPARK.
 KayleeLikesCake  bennymcnugget I have the NZ clock too lmao 😂😂😂💕
What is Walmart ? 💕
Oh Lawd, Walmart now has a Credit Card?
 ChloeMorineaux  bennymcnugget yeah I know I have the NZ clock on my tablet 😂 we're going to Walmart soon but I'm taking my tablet with me💕
Why are people at Walmart literally dumb as fuck. Fuck Walmart pharmacy
Bbq tonight (at  Walmart in Panama City Beach, FL) 
I'm at  Walmart in San Diego, CA 
Walmart has a top 5 & a top 10. Chanel is rotting 
Walmart has got me all the way fucked up
 MsErinTaylor I'm pretty sure the greeter at my local Walmart pre-dates the Titanic🙄
 kia483 We're sorry to hear that! Please contact us at so we can check on this for you. -Trav
I put cash in the card only machine at Walmart and drove away when they went to hand me my slushie at sycamore. Not my best day
Gillette razor w/ 2 refills for  5.62


( 9 at Walmart) 
Letter to the Editor and Other Thoughts: Hating Walmart & Hurting the Little Guy 
 JimSterling You need one? Local Walmart has tons because it's a rural area.
“Law enforcement becomes in effect a taxpayer-paid private security source for Walmart,” 
Clarksville Walmart Receives Bonuses 
About to freeze my ass off and go up to Walmart.
This lady in the bathroom stall next to me, used the Walmart bathroom and didn't even think twice about washing her hands... just tragic 😞
 LilHaitiTing them Walmart lines is no joke
 LiveLifeBeYou_ -u can get one from Walmart for like  20 I think, hang it on a door
Is Walmart even open?
One of the most boring things in life is waiting for your oil change to be done at Walmart. 😂⛽️️
South Dakota Walmart associates to receive share of  157M in cash bonuses  KSFY
I'm curious, how does  Walmart treat their employee's?
My brother is 24 and has autism. He takes a Build-a-Bear animal everywhere. A cashier at Walmart rudely accused him of stealing it from them
Wait a minute... Walmart trip NOW 
Gillette razor w/  2 refills for  5.62


( 9 at Walmart) 
 CrackDaddyCain you have to skip like 3 days of work to get fired at walmart and you can still try to negotiate
Pelonis Portable Fan Heater for  7.88 + pickup at Walmart

Dislike Walmart's customer service. Always rude
amateur model walmart 
Brown: "Cora! You look like a Brick House"
Willie: "--- On the side of a Warehouse........ WALMART.... SEEEEAAARRRSSSS.....EVERYTHANGGGGG" 😂
 catvalente Though I think I would pay extra just to have you write an essay about hanging out in a Walmart.
 Jemiere_LaMiere lol dsw by Walmart
Sitting in Walmart parking lot
Some interesting information about free shipping at online stores!  FreeShipping  Online  Walmart
Walmart Bourbonnais
Like This Page · February 21 ·
 
Did you know your Bourbonnais Walmart carries Gentle Giant... 
Hi...how r u...I brought for you a big offer...Get a  1000 Walmart Gift Card for the Holidays!
So,  Click  here… 
Nicole J. of New Roads, LA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 NinWire local Walmart has 6 in stock. Just ordered mine for store pickup & paid regular price for it
Walmart issues  157 million in bonuses to employees 
Tell Walmart to stop this cage-free hypocrisy! via  Change
myAppliances->Prison sentence unlikely for former Enterprise police assistant - Dothan Eagl… 
 CorlHorl Yell into the intercom at walmart
 charlesidem retail is HARD. Once the slide sets in, it's usu too late. Buffett just sold all his Walmart shares & said it's bcos of Amazon.
As Seen on TV Colorama Coloring Book [ Save 88% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
St. Paddy's day  outfitinspo 🍀 jean short  silverjeansco tank & tee  Walmart  melissastees  silverjeans… 
Nintendo Switch In & Out of Stock   Walmart -  299.99 - Thumb Score: -5 It was fully in stock for a few minutes... 
I WORK TILL 3PM & AFTER WORDS WENT FOOD SHOPPING AT  WALMART. THEN HOME.. GOING TO  RELAX
The amount of butt cracks I've seen in the past 10 minutes of being in Jeff city Walmart is impeccable
As the ferry has shut down and I am stuck on the island, I will venture out to Walmart this weekend when normalcy has returned.  Patreon
Tip: Unless you're Walmart or Amazon, being the low cost leader may not be the best choice because you WON’T make i… 
RIP Jim 🙏🏽👼🏽
Jim was a man I met working at Walmart, I made sure I spoke to him every day, he would always try and brighten someone's day...
.usiness at Walmart is goinh vo be slow toaorrow. :(
 Bomb threat prompts evacuation at Fountain  Walmart 
 phillipthegecko fungus sucks. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide and ringworm sucks also
 MrWilliamHaynes my local Walmart is American as fuck then
the girls boobs on younow are faker then a plastic bag at walmart like put a shirt on no one wanna see that fake ass plastic
 aaaron_01 when  ringworm hits. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide hit back
 SouljaNever it's crazy cause champion use to be sold in walmart now niggas look at it like it's designer
 Ambitious_Dia I'll get you a box of lil Debbie cakes from Walmart and call it a day
Did you see the BOGO FREE  johnsonsbaby  coupon in last Sunday's  coupon insert? I'm headed to  walmart to redeem!… 
OK I'll just come right out and say it. Walmart, I hate you. I hate what you're doing to my community.
FINALLY, a well-dressed WalMart shopper
Thanks to Alaska's permit-free open-carry law, Alaska enjoys the lowest cri… 
When you go to Walmart for school stuff and the only thing you actually buy is a pair of Blue Jays sweatpants.  priorities
 bohocircus tee  spell_byronbay shorts & purse  FreebirdBoots necklace from  walmart  melissastees  springfashion… 
By ONE VOTE, my Patreon peeps have decreed that I will go to Walmart, shut my eyes, stick hand in DVD bin, & live-tweet whatever comes out!
 Walmart I'll share the whole incident on my TL so everyone knows how your managers treat paying customers 💯
If you can't play hide and go seek in Walmart, I can't hang with you
 Walmart I always enjoy metal chips instead of chocolate! 
Why is the one thing I want to buy online from  Walmart having tech difficulties ....  fml
For  Walmart.com don't type in my first/last name:
Anna LeBaron (Hello,  DisneyPixar &  KingJames) 
Use the title:… 
Going to Walmart to get me some eyelashes.....  iwishiwasTana  tanamongeau
 Walmart 🤔🤔🤔 That's your eeaponse⁉️. I see why she felt so comfortable treating me this way smh 🤦🏽‍♂️
 mttgcast Walmart just had it in stock about 20 mins ago, but it sold out
Here's what drives Walmart's M&A strategy these days 
Car dented, back hurts, car that hit me scratched & one WalMart cart un-scathed  this turned out to be a bad day but could have been worse😵
 MuggaA I was/am signed up for about a billion alerts...one fired off that they were on Walmart's site. I was quick and snagged one!
This is a 16x20 metal print I ordered from  walmart  photocenter. This photo doesn't do the print  justice it... 
 YosoyEnfadoso We're sorry about that! Have you tried clearing your cache and restarting your browser? -Trav
 1danrose  HeGotGame9 aye  Walmart follow 3 great value niggas we'll model your top of the line clothing
 Saara005 gorgeous smile !. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide retweet that. go with it ...
 VAREONS  Walmart I'M SCREAMING
minus A-YO that belongs with Walmart
chanel vs walmart [2] 
oNE HUNNID WITH "HOT WALMART BOY" 💜 
 DeyoTheDon  HeGotGame9 Id rather wear great value clothes word to  Walmart
Walter R. of Tama, IA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
If you go to Walmart on Tuesdays you can see all of your social security and tax dollars being spent.
 Congratulations, Whome1, for winning the  20 Walmart eCard!  walmart  eCard  WIN  PLAY  SHOP 
 docolumide true story. But with the vast resources of the likes of Walmart + the benefit of the bookstore exper. one wouldn't expect them..
 kyledake444 do you  wrestle. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide yes you do !
 itsmrmax I think Walmart has the mw collection for like 30 bucks
 HighlightHump since you wrestle. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. there it is
Chanel vs Walmart 
Nice consumer view of Walmart's Scan & Go service by  FieldAgent  ShopperMarketing  PPath 
Walmart on brook road closed? 🤔 tf
 bryan_white You should do another Walmart tour with the Smokin Armadillos!
 DerekGerard don't tell me you bought it from that weird guy sitting outside of Walmart
Star Wars Black Series Walmart Exclusive 3.75" Jyn Erso Rogue One  StarWars 
I keep picturing John's face telling me "you went like that to Walmart! In shorts kim!" & I keep laughing 😂😭
If sex workers are so paid and their jobs are legit why dont they establish offices and tax ids? And invest in the community like Walmart?🤔🤔
 Walmart Nice.

"flexible contracts"

As per, as per.. 
You want to find cute black guys? Come to the Walmart by my house 😍😍
Might have to make that trip to Walmart when I get off for some more Berry colossal cereal 😌
I need to go to Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️
I Don't Wanna Leave My House But Guess Who Needs To Go To Walmart 🙄... Me 😫
SEND ME DARES TO DO IN WALMART!!! (You'll be in the video)  smallyoutuber  smallyoutubercommunity
Gym , shower , walmart 😌
I bet everyone starts buying them and if they smart they'll buy them from Walmart 🤷🏽‍♀️ 
I the first person I ever saw wear a thong, was a middle aged man in a Walmart, and I think that says a lot about America
The 1 time Austin out Florida'd, Florida. See ur escaped cobra & raise u 1 that turned on its owners at a WalMart.… 
Steelyard walmart is a fuckin zoo
 grant_mixer knowledge for the mat, this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide  murica baby
 jalatimmons girl after Walmart u must forgot
 AsSoonAsIStopped at WalMart and got my cart.... 
 rianna_riccardi just saw your dad at Walmart. Classy fellow.
 courtney__craig meijer or Walmart. They're by the pharmacy section though, like by the protein. That took me way too long to discover 😂
Twice I have went to Walmart in the past month looking for something I know they had, only for it not to be where... 
all of the babies in walmart just started crying at the same time
Chanel vs Walmart  TWD 😋 
Found over  1,594.50 in potential profit from Walmart/Household Essentials to sell on Amazon!  OA
DON'T GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART!: via  YouTube
 CNNPolitics  cnnbrk she'll now be selling at Walmart to cater to the voters.
 amyrumbarger Thanks for reaching out. Please contact us about this order at so we can work to help you. -Trav
Summer Infant Deluxe Folding Booster Seat for  15 + pickup at Walmart - 
I'm at  Walmart in Madison, WI 
I done waited outside walmart almost 30 minutes on my sister now. 🙄
Lol   the dude who cracked a grin when I sidled up next to him at the Walmart self check out. Chill, I came back for the sack I forgot.
Walmart is so annoying... I try to only make one trip a month... 😂
it funny when i ate crap at walmart and then i cummed sorry if i say bad word bye
 DRUDGE I think they have a deal with Walmart and Home Depot.
"Walmart CEO cites growing importance of private label"  Supermarketnews
Feelin Lucky Blog Hop
ENTER TO WIN A  10 WalMart Gift Card!
Ending  3/15!
 giveaway,  walmart Gift Card,  giveaways… 
Have You Gotten Yours Yet? 
Is Walmart Taking The Right Steps To Compete With Amazon? 
everybody works at Walmart don't they 😂
Fish hooks is the Walmart version of finding nemo
And also for chain stores  Walmart  WinnD  RousesMarkets 
 Retweet  Stroller  My Englacha Easy Red 
 xo_sam18 well try working in the Walmart on the north side. Some of their clientele are just horrible and it's a daily thing.
Buying a new tv and  Target in fisher Indiana wouldn't price match.  Super bad rude cs ppl. That's ok walmart can have my 400 bucks
walmart candid booty 
 SudiptoDas1993 wants to win too much for walmart gunners' taste
The Switch was out of stock after 3-4 minutes on Walmart site. I am so happy I got one. I got lucky!
You can earn a  5 Walmart eGift Card when you buy  10 worth of Diet Dr Pepper®  ad 
 Camileon_01 As someone who previously worked at Walmart, my thoughts are with you. ♥ Please be safe ♥
Fountain Walmart evacuated for bomb threat KKTV 
for the longest time the walmart in my town has said hoe and pharmacy and they finally replaced the m i'm so proud
Amazon, Wal-Mart and Alibaba Jostle for Title of Most Valuable Retail Brand via  wwd
Talk about a crazy day, me and my dad got into a fight with Walmart auto center and then I almost got arrested at the car wash🤗
 andrewcymek next time 
I go out to Walmart I'm 
getting my copy. I can't 
wait to watch it 😊😊😊
Some woman in Walmart just came up to Mildred and asked her if she was the runaway girl in the papers
👀 what I found at  walmart  poutine  pizzapops 👅 
Totally forgot walmart sells wine
Found these bad boys in  Walmart today! Very  PIGcasso!  Art  Pigs  OinkOink  PigsInSpace… 
WalMart testing "endless aisles" in stores. Parents of small children looking for Xanax dispensers. (
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 102 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/14/2017 4:16:39 PM
 SQUIDWARD360 lol wrong tweet. neon switch is available at walmart lmfao
Love making Walmart runs 😍 got new stuff for my vanity 😍
no cloud i will not drive you to walmart to buy eyeliner
 nintendeal just got a stock alert from nowinstock that Walmart has neon Switches
Dear  Walmart if you want to sell the Nintendo Switch on your website without making people angry, learn from  Ticketmaster
Random ass Walmart trip with peach
cenatis m. of Winton, CA  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Walmart: Free Kerr Regular Mouth Jars (12 pk) after rebate!  HotDeals 
i need to go to Walmart, buut the way my stomach is set up 😷
Walmart: Free Kerr Regular Mouth Jars (12 pk) after rebate!  moneysavingmom
Be surrounded by major anchor stores in Amsterdam NY  BigLots  Walmart  Lowes  CRE  CBCPP  realestate  office… 
All the Walmart grocery pick up time slots are full. 😩 it's too cold for this.
Star Wars nerdy kitchen stuff, I might get'em all!   Walmart 
 MLB  Indians 2016  Topps WalMart Holiday METALLIC SNOWFLAKE  MichaelBrantley~Cleveland Indians… 
 Walmart Already did. I found a replacement, but that one was tampered with as well and the last one.
 Walmart can you put more than one employee at your money counters pls thx assholes
 Valentine  Gift 2016 WALMART CHRISTMAS SNOWFLAKE  TeddyBear BROWN GIRL 20" WHITE/RED OUTFIT NWT!… 
Damn it I almost had it but forgot my Walmart password lol 
 pikajoe127  Walmart hope I get it soon
In my town, people go to Walmart during a storm just to see how many people go to Walmart during a storm. 
Does anybody remember when Walmart had that lobster tank?
this is why you don't go to walmart on hwy 14 
Found over  136.60 in potential profit from Walmart/Home Improvement to sell on Amazon!  OA
 Walmart Hi! Just placed an order & meant to do in-store pickup, but accidentally shipped to home. Is there a way to change before it ships?
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Target Vs Walmart Shopper
Alyssa just asked me "what highway is Walmart on, 55 or 557?".... we've been going here since August and we still don't know 501 and 544 😭😂
Cashier: Thanks for shopping at Walmart come back soon 
Me: "thanks you to"
Me: 
Enter now for your chance to win  Walmart gift cards, Palmer's hats or samples!  PalmersCocoaTour cool
 ArreolaSport Thanks for your response. Please bring the product and your receipt back to the store so we can assist you. -Trav
Walmart has a top 5 already 
 joshturnermusic  Walmart thank u josh I like your  song long black train I sing that all the time
I got a stock alert that Switches were available at the WalMart website. Added one to my cart, and by the time I signed in they sold out.
Hey  Walmart do you guys have any orange beanies in your store
This was found by a fan at Walmart in case anyone wants the book with Charlie's beautiful face… 
Business at Walmart is goinh to be slow toaorrow. :(
 joshturnermusic  Walmart my mom got it for  me it's my b day today
Seeing someone smile while in Walmart is like seeing a dog walk on its hind legs
Looool apparently walmart had more switch stock for ~ five mins. I was alsleep. 
Came to Walmart for materials for my lesson, left with a Pug shirt.
We got dinner reservations at a fancy resturaunt tonight and the only thing I packed was leggings. 
Challenge: A cute outfit from Walmart?
when you get beeped at for admiring the walmart gator lmao 
 cynthiaotero01  OntarioFireWire Yeah. Fiancée works at Canandaigua Walmart. Guess who doesn't have her license? So guess who has to drive?
 joshturnermusic  Walmart got it
 pennyd2017  cvpayne most jobs are LOW paying!! nothing new!! walmart largest american employer? somebody has to work there!!
Walmart: Free Kerr Regular Mouth Jars (12 pk) after rebate! 
Attention  Walmart shoppers, you can pick up my new album  DeepSouth at a store near you! 
The walmart made garden-hose beer-bong slightly makes me feel like a fern being doused in nutritional corona 10/10 would build again
Wal-Mart Facing  5.5M in Damages Over Worker Retaliation Claims 
 hahaitsjoemama oh not here. It's our go to nice place. The undesirables go to Walmart for groceries
 sajmzzz how about when you're at walmart and the deciding factor between two bags of chips is 20 cents
If my mom doesn't hurry up, someone might have to come pick me up in aisle 1 at Walmart cause im about to pass ouuuttt 😴😴😴
fuck, lost a shoe at Walmart. I dare not venture back to seek it
 charlesidem inroad for that growth is very thin margin biz, with net margins of 3-5% max even at Walmart scale. All anyone needs to...
Support S.C. Open Carry bill passage. We should not be one of a handful to outlaw it! Carrying my Rem 870 in Walmart makes arm sore!  scguns
Wow the Nintendo switch was in stock on but since I'm on slow mobile data it sold out before I could check out
Lifetime 5′ Essential Fold-in-Half Table Only  30.59 via SwagGrabber - Walmart has the Lifetime ... 
Really? I'm wearing a blue jeans skirt I made and a Walmart shirt... so I will have headquarters in Paris....... 
Kleenex Facial Tissues 85ct Boxes Just  0.18/Each At Walmart! 
 InstaTrent Hey. Switch shown as in stock. Try? 
Ready to meet the best in the sport? Head out to the PBR Experience at  Walmart as we get ready for ABQ.
Details >… 
A feminist groups all around America, is creating a boycott against Walmart for the actions made by their CEO.
Chanel vs Walmart  EmilyKinneyQueen  TWD 😏 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist WALMART CLIPPER CHALLENGE BY CHUKA THE BoeingRBER
A Walmart employee just took a dump then walked out without washing his hands...I hope he doesn't work in grocery.  Walmart  Dirty
 fakeshoredrive don't she work at Walmart now
Master some of our fan-tastic recipes! 
I GOT A WALMART E-MAIL AND I HAVE NEVER REACTED FASTER. HELLO NINTENDO SWITCH 
 Big_BabyJesus my corner store has them. Whole Foods Trader Joe's mad super markets prolly Walmart
Neon Nintendo Switch is available at Walmart. 
really need to go to walmart after work....*sees one snowflake* we can just starve nm.
Women Workers from multiple sectors including restaurant workers, Walmart workers, nurses, teachers and more were... 
 LuxuryLiving  Listings > RTHouseBeautiful: You're Going to Want… 
I liked a  YouTube video from  aintnomommy 10 SECRETS WALMART EMPLOYEES DONT WANT YOU TO KNOW + HOW TO GET
 JohnLegere That's funny.  I don't run, but if I did, would I run by Walmart in my Amazon gear?  Might work for Jeff I guess, not me. ;)
The  Walmart , at least in the Delaware area just put up a batch of  nintendoswitch on their site. Get um while you can.
I guess I can no longer say I've never bought anything from Walmart. Thanks, Nintendo. You've knocked me off my high-horse
I pass Walmart to go to Target with Gusto Honey 💅🏼
Need a new outfit 🤔Nordstrom here I come⭐
 GrabYourWallet
For you ,,,,, 1000 Walmart Gift Card for the Holidays!

 click  here 
A domestic violence victim’s haunting letter to the man who stepped in and ‘saved her life’. 
Ridiculous how  Walmart always cancels my orders because of billing, phone number or credit card issues but no other company does
Peggy O'Donnell shares - You're Going to Want Everything in Ree Drummond's New Spring Collection 
 bitchyologist Yes Hillary worked for Walmart and took money from big banks that actively sought to deny housing to minorities
Lifetime Kodiak 13-Foot Canoe w/ 2 Paddles for  448 + pickup at Walmart - 
As how I have to use a photo ID to get a refund from WALMART, using one to vote shouldn't be an issue....just sayin… 
Chanel vs Walmart  EmilyKinneyQueen  TWD 
y'all, walmart has train to busan 
We like  housebeautiful Magazine. Interesting ideas - You're Going to Want Everything in Ree Drummond's New Spring… 
 hchamberlain5  Jay_Mel51 he said "take me to Walmart wegmans" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭
 videogamedeals Don't worry if you didn't get this one in time; Walmart will just cancel your order a week later anyway.
78% prefer Scan and Go compared to conventional checkout  Walmart!  retail  research 
I came to Walmart but they dont have  Latina magazine yet.

Next stop Barnes and Noble
HouseBeautiful: You're Going to Want Everything in Ree Drummond's New Spring Collection 
You're Going to Want Ever…
working cash at Walmart 😭 
I GOT A NINTENDO SWITCH ORDERED FROM WALMART. ITS CURRENTLY IN STOCK.
it took me too damn long to make a walmart account to buy a switch :'(((((
 Walmart it is not my fault your employees priced the items wrong nor should I have to deal with their attitudes because it was priced wrong
Neon Nintendo Switch in stock via Walmart 
🅿️😹 boney azz raccoon lookin bytch da air mattress waz n ha buggy n Walmart 😹😹😹😹 
 transolaf B I HAVE ONE MIC AND IT CAME FREE WITH A WALMART CASSETTE PLAYER  Lightciro
 NintendoSwitch is available at Walmart. Save 10% with code TRIPLE10 - Link: 
 timagne An appropriate mascot for Walmart.
 Walmart for the third time in about 4 months, and at the same store, something was priced wrong and each person I dealt with was an ass

For anyone who wants a switch!!! 

 NintendoSwitch
In Stock. 
Graco LiteRider Click Connect Travel System, with SnugRide Click Connect 22 Infant Car Seat, Priscilla
 89.99 
 scottlincicome Actually, less than  10. 
These Walmart flats are great until the material makes your feet sweat and stink to the high heavens 😑😷
 Walmart why can't I reach the Walmart website to buy an item it's been down since yesterday?????
So I went to Walmart this morning to grab a block of swiss cheese and swung by the electronics, where I spot a single, solitary Switch.
You're Going to Want Everything in Ree Drummond's New Spring Collection 
 FaZeBlaziken do a video of getting kicked out of walmart 😂😂 for doing stupid shit
Comparable grill can be had at Walmart for less than  10. 
The end is nigh. Also, this 4-foot poop emoji pool float is  10 at Walmart. 💩 
Walmart to Invest  320 Million in Effort to Win Back Brazilian Shoppers  walmart  retail… 
I have had so much badluck today , definitely going to sleep after I eat. I knocked myself the fuck out in Walmart 😩😬
Fountain Walmart evacuated for bomb threat  KKTV 
 HateFuelsUs We're sorry to hear that! Could you tell us what happened? -Trav
 FaZeBlaziken you should do a dare video in walmart or somewhere with the FaZe house!
Graco LiteRider Click Connect Travel System, with SnugRide Click Connect 22 Infant Car Seat, Signal
 79.88 
Nintendo Switch Neon available at Walmart 
 timhawkinscomic I was in Walmart today and people were staring at me because I was laughing so hard listening to your podcast.  poddybreak
 Corporatesponsor Alert!

Walmart of New Hope Commons Shopping Center location has granted our… 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? FREE 2 DAY SHIP!!!
Hello, June. I went last night to  Walmart Calexico and turned in the destroyed airbed, plus the check and the Well… 
 yegcc worried about violent response to issues in chambers, but we know a  kudatah happens in a Walmart parking lot
Gotta hit walmart see how many arizona cans I can get for free
 Bdawwwg_ girl Walmart 💁🏻 they're the Hanes brand, in bikini. They've got them at target too, I got the seamless thongs from there 🙃😂
 Reck13ss_VK  BL00DF4LC0N got switches in stock
 Walmart I have. she's still constantly always on her phone. nothing's changed.
 Wario64 Walmart has Switch 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Tamarac, FL 
 BREAKING:
Walmart evacuation in Fountain lifted. No one injured. Investigation is continuing. 
How's my day going? Well went to Walmart to buy shampoo and conditioner... bought two bottles of shampoo and no conditioner... so yeah...
 jayayeare walmart in gb!! and i swear they do a good job lol
I'm really at Walmart getting candles...the love I have for candles is too much
I'm picking up socks in a  Walmart in Morrilton, AR.
Somebody is JAMMING the Cure's Just Like Heaven on the in-store
WHAT A BLAST
Went to Walmart & asked about the Nintendo Switch and they told me I was the 12th person who asked TODAY ALONE. There were none. 😭😭😭
Walmart — No se 
If things don't work out for Rabalais I'm taking the job at Walmart. I'd much rather be an electrician apprentice though.
Cialis 40 mg Dangers - Cialis 20mg - 40 mg Cialis Reviews - Coupon Cialis - Generic Cialis at Walmart 
 LolaAshleyy  KekePalmer walmart
 politico... Spicer...I think Walmart is hiring.  .of course...no health care...
Hey  Target you get it right again, thanks! Better than  Walmart
 siriuslyblackk We're sorry to hear that. Have you had a chance to address your concerns with a Customer Service manager? -Trav
Just Heard a Morgan & Morgan commercial. Sounds like they are setting their sites Walmart?
Can you help ID this armed robbery suspect? He robbed a store employee at the Walmart on Cherry Rd March 4th.... 
Coloring my hair has never been so beautiful!  ad  CollectiveBias  APassionForHair  Walmart  SchwarzkopfUSA 
Shakira Oral Fixation Tour - ... Apenas R 49.90 Acesse  TV  SmartTV   oferta  desconto… 
DIABETIC KID HAS SHAKY LOW BLOOD SUGAR IN WALMART!!! 💉: via  YouTube
The growing Israeli startup ecosystem is being driven by investments from Apple, Facebook and Walmart, among others.

Get Beauty in a breeze when you shop  ecotools at  Walmart, plus save  2 with this coupon!  ad  BeautyBreeze
I liked a  YouTube video 1 V 1 AGAINST FRIEND GONE WRONG!!! LOSER HAS TO PICK UP GIRLS IN FULL WALMART
 Walmart I just direct messaged you hopefully you will resolve this issue immediately.
Oh Walmart.  23 funny pictures of people at walmart, hilarious. 
Tax ReFUNd Saving with Samsung at Walmart  SamsungAtWalmart  IC | MumbleBee Inc 
Walking around Walmart just thinking bru I stg 😡🤔
So I applied for Walmart awhile back and they're barely getting back to me after I already applied for Rabalais.
Candy Crate Nostalgic Candy 1-lb. Gift Box for  18 + pickup at Walmart - 
BREAKING WALMART DOORS: 
Just saw the phattest ass in Walmart. Shit was on some Ripley's Believe it or not shit.
Outdoor Disc Volleyball + On the Go Snacking Idea with  GoldfishSmiles.  ad  Walmart  GoldfishGameTime… 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 290 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 3/14/2017 3:59:50 PM
5 Ingredient Coconut Lime Tarts  SpringReddi  ad  walmart 
Then there is this. Great article. I ask is eCommerce taking out brick and mortar? Walmart is a brick and mortar... 
This 70ish year old guy just stopped me at Walmart and vented to me about his gold digging gf
Walmart recognizing TPD for great work being done w/a Certificate of Appreciation n cake. From all here, Thank You! 
Accident outbound Nicholasville between Tiverton Way and MOW.  Left lane blocked across from Walmart entrance.
 Walmart her name is Brittany in the Algonquin Illinois store.
I'm at Walmart in Kyle, TX 
Champion used to be sold at Walmart can we simmer on that
Walmart evacuation lifted. No one injured. Investigation is continuing. Media staging clear. Thank you!
Make Sure Your Kids Have Their Best Day. Send them to school with a full belly!  ad 
We’re talking about consumer preferences for  marketing incentives on today’s  cashstar17 panel with Guitar Center, Walmart & Ulta Beauty
 PerezHilton  IvankaTrump She'll make more money selling the crap to those who voted for her. Soon you see, Ivanka Jewelry now at Walmart.
Didn't know walmart had WiFi intresting...
 JbBlessed_ lol it's at Walmart
Who does my mom think she is trying to buy me PACKAGED UNDERWEAR from Walmart
 Walmart -has a conversation, and she's just a rude employee! Unacceptable!!!! 😡
 DerekDevereaux You know Walmart's to good from me bro I shop at the Goodwill. That's all where the hidden treasure is.
My cooler is suppose to be at Walmart today.  Why is it still in VIRGINIA
The worst thing about working at the Walmart DC is the piss poor excuse for a music playlist they repeat day in and day out 😂
Wow champion market tf out of themselves Walmart brand to fashion statements
Carpet Car Floor Mats 4-Piece Set Just  7.17! Down From  10.68!  Instagram  Walmart  car_floor_mats  deal  deals
How To Make Sure Your Kids Have Their Best Day!  ad  Walmart  CalciYUM  Yoplait 
 cutasterfee 
How much is this crate of Funyuns online, vs. Walmart?
You can spend lots of money and go to Disney world to stand in long lines  Or you can just go to Walmart in Nixa.
Aren't you late for your shift at Walmart!! 
 walmart everytime i come to walmart this girl is constantly on her phone and never has a good attitude. never gree… 
Found over  1,303.85 in potential profit from Walmart/Toys to sell on Amazon!  OA
 enews  amyschumer  netflix  hey Amy your 15 mins are almost up.  I hear Walmart is hiring
You guys! We gotta hurry! I just got back from Walmart, they're selling Nintendo 3DS systems for 149.99 on sale
I need to go to Walmart.
When you go to Walmart and buy just hot cheetos, cheese dip, and vodka
 girls of walmart nude hamster the porn site 
 SplitzMcGee Ole swagless lookin boi...can't rock a yellow tie lookin boi...Walmart glasses lookin boi...
I'm stuck between not wanting to go to Walmart without getting a shower, and needing to go to Walmart to buy a new shower head 😩
WAC - After closing receive a  250.00 Walmart Gift Card.

This home has everything you’re looking for in a double... 
 tastyfoodpuj We're thrilled that you like it! Thank you for shopping with us. -Trav
I fucks with Hanes all day. Talk shit on my Walmart boxers all you want. I am comfy af.
Fountain Walmart evacuated for bomb threat 
Walmart ain't never got no customer service
hey guys i'm at walmart y'all want anything
 Michael5SOS did the chain broke if you know somewhere that has Walmart go there.
 LouTheLad you can get them at Walgreens and I think you can get them at Walmart as well
so me and my sister standing in the aisle at walmart and this lady just standing there with her kids, ain't say excuse me or nothing
 BREAKING:
Bomb threat to Walmart. Walmart evacuated per their policy. Under investigation now. 
FountainPolice 
when I'm at Walmart and I see somebody about to open up a register 
At Walmart right now but by the looks of it I might actually be at a kid rock concert
Lmfaaaooo "champ been in style " these was at Walmart, Ross and Marshalls sitting now it's fashion hypebeast weirdos 
Chanel vs Walmart
Left eyebrow vs right eyebrow
Hilton vs Kardashian
Well, you get the point 😝… 
Rhetha from Walmart is the sweetest lady in Chandler Ok I swear😂
all the coins dumped into coinstar are being used to form a literal coin star. they're hiding it in the back of the walmart by my house
I hate coming to this hood ass, ghetto ass Walmart 😒
My favorite afternoon work snack prepped and ready to go thanks to walmart  .   realfood… 
 Superhero 2016 DC  Comics  Batman Rebirth  1 Black Logo Walmart Exclusive Comic  Bestseller
 MLB  Cards 2016  Topps WalMart Holiday FUTURE STARS Francisco Lindor ~ Cleveland Indians 
 Walmart Terrible company, won't do anything to find alt way to access funds on Money card if card is stolen. 2 weeks living off rice.
I can't even get Bleu in my driveway fuck Im talking about with some damn Walmart 🤦🏻‍♀️😩😂😭😭😭
 BREAKING:
Bomb threat to Walmart. Walmart evacuated per their policy. Under investigation now. 
 FountainPolice 
Ag Industry Brief: Food Waste Org ReFED Hires Walmart Exec, Tom Brady Partners with Purple Carrot, more -… 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 290 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 3/14/2017 3:49:45 PM
I'm boujee, I don't like going to target dressed the same way I go to Walmart.
NEW: Fountain police say he Walmart on Highway 85 is being evacuated due to a bomb threat. 
Smmfh is walmart open then
So glad I went out and got 150 dollars worth of food and saw 2 fights over water in walmart for this... Maybe 3 inches of snow?
 SusanMizrahi We're sorry to hear this. Please contact us at so we can look in to this for you. -Trav
Forever salty about the fact that my mom has a Trader Joe's in McKinney, but all we have in NWA is shitty ass walma… 
Was told these are empty boxes. False advertising  Walmart. Shame on you!  walhell  whatashame 
Bomb threat to Walmart. Walmart evacuated per their policy. Under investigation now. Thank you.
Irmo Walmart all stocked up and ready to sell!  Buggalicious1  SP&G_JB 
This was the first review for some awful aux adapter i bought at Walmart 😂😂😂💯 
So proud of myself for going into Walmart on a mission and not buying a bunch of unneeded food for once👏🏼
Ok, I need to cheat and get one of those mini pies at Walmart for  PiDay
its so snowy there was this guy driving a snowmobile to walmart
This little boy in WalMart keeps barking. 🤔
 Walmart ur 2 day shipping would be awesome if you didn't use  FedEx. Couldn't leave the bath sponge but left 3 other packages?  horrible
I truly believe mi madre should go to Walmart & buy me a bag of hot wings...
How would it block b/c access? Will they force CVS & Walmart to stop selling b/c pills & condoms? Please be specifi… 
Pelonis Portable Fan Heater for  8 + pickup at Walmart - 
Need that face cream but Walmart far & it's dangerous out
These easy DIY checkered flags are perfect for any race track  craft  Walmart  GoldfishGameTime  Ad -->… 
For Curtains try Walmart, Bed bath & beyond or order it online target!  jamescharles
guaze packing strip walmart 
Retail Roundup—Walmart gives  157M to employees, Gordmans to liquidate 
I want duck sauce. Why was there no duck sauce at Walmart. What the fuck am I supposed to put on my rice now
5 Foot Essential Fold-in-Half Table: Now Only  30.59 (Was  49.85) at Walmart! 
No matter how much I say I hate working at Walmart, it seriously has been one of my favorite places to work. ❤️
Overheard at Walmart just a few minutes ago while I was getting travel toothpaste...

"The guy at the flea market... 
i just convinced a lady at walmart I was British because I accidentally answered her question in an accent 😂 she believed me hahaha
hiring hundreds of tech workers in San Bruno, Sunnyvale  Walmart  Jobs  eCommerce 
We're making calls to find out why. 
 Walmart I'm officially never shopping at any Walmart ever again
& i need to go to walmart..
Stealing a apple out Walmart 
Somebody is interested in my iPad! Watch it be a mugger! If I never tweet again, know I got mugged in a Walmart parking lot. lol
Need to hit up Walmart real quick
Walmart issues  157 million in bonuses to employees 
Well whoever has my Walmart back they got a free incomplete scarf and a new dickie pants.
I deleted that last tweet because I didn't want anyone to mistakenly think I liked Wrangler or Walmart. I don't.
When you wanna listen to Hometown at Walmart but 
Does Walmart have the new wet n wild foundation
CHEAP McCormick Grinders   Walmart!  couponcommunity  walmartcouponing  mccormick 
Faded Glory Women's Embellished Crew Sweater for  5 + pickup at Walmart - 
👇  Walmart heirs have more wealth than 120,000,000➕ US citizens!

Think about that while you continue your love aff… 
old people are so fucking lazy and don't bother to put their carts up at Walmart! 😭😤😩
Found over  435.51 in potential profit from Walmart/Sports & Outdoors to sell on Amazon!  OA
 MrsTinaMeena We're glad that you love it! Thanks for letting us know. -Trav
We'll it certainly didn't start a new franchise. More importantly, why is Walmart charging  40… 
 Coop,  Walmart bring  safer  materials to the  CircularEconomy  SustainableMaterialsMgmt  SustainableChemicalsMgmt
 Retweet  Stroller  Omi Foot Cover Red 
Wal-Mart Facing  5.5M in Damages Over Worker Retaliation Claims  FactsApps  News  Fashion 
 ALostrich first Kmart and Chick-fil-a?  thats it, tear the mall down and lets build a Walmart, Dollar general & 5 check cashing stores!!!
 JessieLynnJL my aunt lives in Montgomery and my brother is in bartlesville. Behind the Walmart
 BurningSands Why his girl roommate such a hater? He probably brought that at Walmart at least I gotta man Bitter bish 😂😂😂😂  BurningSands
Running But Idk If I Wanna Go 2 Emerson Point Or Behind Walmart 🤷🏽‍♂️
 RachelOrpik  Walmart yeppp lol you can get like anything from there now. They have a lot of 3rd party sales. Trying to beat out amazon.
Auni: what's ur perfume 

Bri: its exclusive 

Auni: whatchu mean ain't that jawn from Walmart 

Bri: if u knew that y u ask 
😭😭😭😭😂😂😂
What is the reasoning behind people consciously entering, say a Walmart, through doors labelled Exit? Rebelliousness? Inattentiveness?
 BREAKING:
Walmart on S Hwy 85 being evacuated. PIO enroute.
FOUNTAINPOLICE 
Still gotta go get my bridge card from sandy house im about to play roles in walmart tonight 💪
When you're at Walmart exercising the 5 finger discount and you hear "security scan areas A, C & D" 
NEW: Fountain police say he Walmart on Highway 85 is being evacuated due to a bomb threat.
 PoliticalEmilia  holachola 
Walmart voters...
 Dawnbheag K actually picked out everything at Walmart he wants for his birthday.  It seemed batman/Spider-Man/ super hero were the winners
The people at the Renton WalMart are...... very interesting. 😐
Media staging for Walmart incident will be parking lot, southwest corner of Jack in the Box (south of Walmart).
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batterie. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Wal-Mart Facing  5.5M in Damages Over Worker Retaliation Claims  lifestyle  fornoirs 
Wal-Mart Facing  5.5M in Damages Over Worker Retaliation Claims   fashion 
*runs into chads ex at Walmart. She says hi to ME and our daughter*
Same girl friend request him that night &messages him 🙃
have a 5-page due tomorrow at six that I haven't even started and im probably going to Walmart tonight anyways I love myself
Me when I remember part time Walmart employees make more than I do: 
So I walked into the bathroom at Walmart and everybody in there was crying😳
i found my friend on twitter he stalks me at walmart
I'm so happy that Walmart delivers food
FYI you can get an ab wheel for  8 at Walmart 
 amakitchens  Walmart Unfortunately our shakes have been discontinued, but we have many new products launching this yr, so keep an eye out!
I never get tired of the look on the receipt checkers face at Walmart when I walk right past them and refused to show them my receipt
What the fuck why is this in our parking lot???? It's a fucking i8 at lampasas Walmart 
 fitbit I have to go to a Best Buy or Walmart which ain't close or convenient for some on bike in New Orleans 😡😡😡
Everybody loves  handmade after all  Walmart its the BEST :D  GBHandmade 
Wtf is Durant Walmart's parking lot!?!?!?!!
New post: Walmart: Free Kerr Regular Mouth Jars (12 pk) after rebate! 
 BREAKING:
Walmart on S Hwy 85 being evacuated. PIO enroute.
 FOUNTAINPOLICE 
Me: leaves my college just to go to Walmart and go back to my college
I feel a bit overdressed here at WalMart because my pajamas match.
 therealsheeran  _TheRealTonee these are really not at Walmart anymore? What about target & Macy's? They have been there my whole life smh
When she down to shoplift at Walmart with you 
 
Why does Jimmy from shameless look like the Walmart version of Scott Disick 
At a Walmart in Florida that doesn't even sell fucking flip flops. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS STATE
jessica got me stoned and brought me back to walmart like im not traumatized from last night
TopCashBack: FREE 138 oz Tide from Walmart! (ends 2/19) 
It's national pi day and I haven't eaten any pie yet. I know if I was with  Kcromer12 we would've bought three pies already at Walmart.
bloomington walmart 🚮
my walmart, target & babies r us online carts are all over  1000 worth of stuff to redo all the kids rooms when we move 😂😂
When you're the only ones in Walmart cuz there's a state emergency and it's dead everywhere
Got annoyed at the slow cashier at Walmart this morning. Then I noticed that I was in self checkout. Still, he should stick to training.
 Walmart since U like hangin Veteran pictures in UR store now, my dad Arthur S Engram, brother Corey & his wife, Ida R veterans.  respect
Do you ever see ugly and fat women shopping at expensive boutiques? Some say they shop at Walmart.
United Supermarkets and Walmart location in the Big Country are all currently rolling!  Grab some Miller Lite and... 
Walmart on S Hwy 85 being evacuated. PIO enroute.
 allelbows lol you can buy those same things from walmart
 AnalyzingMyLife Oh no! Please contact us at so we can work to assist you. -Trav
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Ruston, LA 
what's walmart 
Country Crush Review This must see love story will be available on March 14th exclusively at Walmart! 
 Pharmacy_Dragon  Grocerying Well, and Walmart, too, I guess.
reasons NOT to go to walmart in a way that i cann't See the Fucking Eyes, Second Life
 krispykreme  _RyRyan I found the cherry ones at Walmart! Mmmm so good
 PolitiFact  SenSanders so if Walmart heirs weren't rich woukd that increase the people percentile? Money?
 BrittaneeTrott walmart😂😂
 _lilshawa same thing about to get up and go to walmart. when you coming back to visit ?
I watched sausage party and now I feel so guilty in Walmart
Play-Doh Star Wars Millennium Falcon Featuring Can-Heads [ Save 92% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
Had to go to Walmart today, got an amazing parking spot right in front. It's a  PiDay miracle!
 shxylen Marie calendars by Walmart
Please ask your Walmart Associate for assistance. 

Another nearly-full box of Smarties!! 
 MacqueenNathan Walmart.ca does not accept PayPal at this time. You may visit the link below for payment options. 
I think they sell these squirt guns at Walmart. 
Am I the only one who finds it so random that there is an optometrist in Walmart?
Bought yogurt from Walmart on Saturday, turns out it expired March 1🙃🙃🙃
 ActualFlatticus  kburton40 he's become the Walmart Greeter for the DNC
But capitalism IS existential horror. What really is the difference between Azathoth and Walmart in the end?
Kirbyville teen to be charged in Walmart bomb threat  SETXNews 
 bruceswavne I'm sorry i only have  15.74 in Walmart gift cards
The Hershey pie from burger king is good.   They sell the whole pie at walmart. Theres a strawberry version
Oh it's definitely on there . Go to Walmart it's 5  
So next time your buddies say lets get "trippy" hit Walmart A1 most reliable plug you got cough medicine to turpentine
 TweakySqueaky catch me at your local Walmart wearing oversized sunglasses and avoiding the paparazzi
Never have Walmart optical adjust your glasses. The two times I've had them do it they messed my glasses up.
This lady at Walmart really been following me around like a young black man.  davisisaiah72 ✊🏼
 arlofarlo I once had a dream that I was walking around the Falmouth Walmart. Mundane dreams are the best.
 charlieandharps I took Avery to Walmart when she was 9 days old and some woman lectured me. Bitch you wanna buy my groceries then? 🙄
 marckskl If you do not, that's okay. Simply speak with a Customer Service manager and they'll be glad to assist you. -Trav
I wanna go to Walmart
 Brasilmagic At least everyone will have "access" - which is the same as being able to go shopping at Walmart.
I'm about to go to walmart with no Make up looking like a bum. Lets see who I run into
Walmart Sales Promotion

Going to a Walmart you've never been to is so 
 Walmart Drear Walmart, the Wwe era DVD? I'll try to get it. I don't know how much it is. But I'll try to get it. When I have the money.
 Cummings_Eli  nicolleL1103  kkeg2698 foxchase is the Walmart brand of Chalfont
WE TOOK OVER WALMART HAHA
Wow. Gg  Walmart ! 
 KiitaKat Walmart is so surreal I astral project every time I'm in there lookin   gogurt
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
Forreal! Asking dumbass shit.. when the cafe open, when we get our refund check, can I get a ride to Walmart! 🙄😂 
 itssbranah Idk yet maybe Walmart tho
 Danno_182  MoJr13  PearlJam  PPact pill at walmart or a pack of condoms?
buy advair - advair coupon 75 off - cost of advair at walmart - advair hfa - advair dosage 
I am at my last stop (Walmart) before heading back home for anyone that wants to pick up their UPWARD pictures.... 
Found over  2,394.53 in potential profit from Walmart/Patio & Garden to sell on Amazon!  OA
I don't like yogurt, but eat Stonyfield, and these motherfuckers at Walmart only had the lowfat French Vanilla flavor. Blech  eatingittho
Bernie Sanders says Walmart heirs are wealthier than bottom 40 percent of Americans via  PolitiFactVA
 dfreedm1  avanconia  SandraH59510771  the_Impolitic Technology will kill more jobs. Look at car mfg 80% jobs lost… 
slightly obsessed w walmart 🤗🤗
I just checked in  Walmart with  CricketRewards Download today!  
 caregivers No Monthly Fee Medical Alert System - Personal Emergency Response System -  
 autrose_ goddamn I love Walmart... that place is amazing. One of a kind. Even the staff don't disappoint.
Enter now for your chance to win  Walmart gift cards, Palmer's hats or samples!  PalmersCocoaTour
Picked this guy up walmart today! Marvel Legends Series Spider-Man 2099, he looks awesome! Not… 
Garanimals Boys' Printed Ripstop Cargo Pants for  1 + pickup at Walmart - 
 NykodaX girl, imma bout to return ur ass to walmart and get my money back
The No. 1 US importer of goods in US is Walmart 90% of All - Product from China  wallstr0ckstar  Quark_Trek9  FoxNews  IvankaTrump.
At Walmart. This is real. Apparently pickle juice is a thing in  Texas. Profiling  BobsPicklePops for  CNBCMakeIt 
 CraigSilverman I don't think I paid that much for water in London, England. I hear a 24 pack of Nestle water is a few bucks at Walmart.
 agnelloalexis07 gabby, were in Walmart
When you have to make a Walmart run for your internship in your own vehicle 30 minutes before you're supposed to be done 🙃😒
Police search for suspects who used pepper spray during fight in Walmart. 
Spending two days in Florida. Is like  spending a week in a broke down RV at a Walmart in Barstow in summer without AC.  hills have eyes
gave this bitch a 20 dollar bill and she gone ask if it's real, bitch you think If I had fake money Ima be at Walmart ? Absolutely not
Bruh me at Walmart back in the day. Then I started putting the pics I wanted to print on a flash drive so I wouldn'… 
Hate When My Momma See Folks In Walmart 😂 Be Talking For Like 30 Damn Mins .
It's kind of comforting to sit in the parking lot at Walmart and watch someone else struggling to locate his vehicle.
 WharsCoral  emilykmermaidMan  it would be like Black Friday at Walmart if they sold liquor here
Me and my girl Lori just spent the last hour in Walmart getting lit and my family sends me this. Fuck Bing good thi… 
coffee shop for some unexplainable reason RAN OUT OF COFFEE! And what do they do...buy Walmart coffee because that is totally the same thing
Walmart Shoppers! Possibly Score Squinkies ‘do Drops Mystery Villa Toys For Only 88¢ 
Kim: I hate Black Friday shopping with a passion - too many years of retail management, plus I'm always in a… 
 SamsClubNews, tell  Walmart the news: It's time to go cage-free in Latin America!  BatteryCageCruelty
It's time for  SamsClub to let  Walmart know that caging hens in Latin America is wrong!  BatteryCageCruelty
 KiitaKat about to punch a hole in the wall because their mom forgot to get more Mountain Dew when she was   walmart
If you put in a order I gotchu next time I hit up Walmart 🤔 
I hope Walmart goes bankrupt. Probably the shittiest company ever. Sells mediocre versions of everything. Terrible customer service.
 POTUS Could locate community clinics at Walmart properties,consolidate, waiting rooms with personal spaces to avoid sick spread
Faded Glory Women's Marled Sweater Dress for  10 + pickup at Walmart - 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 154 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/14/2017 3:18:39 PM
 Walmart's credit card and Customer Service is trash. Thanks for nothing.
 laurakfillault  Walmart Live feed: 
 WendySparrow You need this! 
first thing I do after getting home from Walmart is make a list of all the things I forgot to get at Walmart
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
If you're looking for work in  Milwaukee, WI, check out this  job:  Banking  Hiring  CareerArc
 ChapinaMasBella We're pleased to hear this was resolved to your satisfaction. Thank you for letting us know. -Trav
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 101 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/14/2017 3:17:07 PM
Why do stores like Walmart, CVS etc. overprice black hair products???
 LoveByronP jt 😩 I walked lastnight in Walmart for about 2 hours & had sex that's how I think I became 2 centimeter😂
I liked a  YouTube video from  damnitschunk WALMART SHENANIGANS (TAKING MANNEQUIN'S CLOTHES)
Man why is Walmart always a waste of my life
 TiaaNoMOWRY 😂😂 I'll bring it to Walmart
Y'all ever noticed how clear phone calls are when you're in Walmart?
Found some great finds walmart they were regular price on the shelf but when I scanned them on… 
Wen ur in walmart looking for this one thing an cant find it an u stop looking an there it is rite in front of my face
 anal color nude naked at walmart 
First world irritation: when people enter through the automatic "exit" door at  Walmart and  Target.
I dropped my phone at Walmart today but a nice lady picked it up and brought it to costumer service. There is still hope for humanity!
 The_Munro  Walmart  iTunes Waiting for a break in the snow storm so I can go get my copy!
Really wanna go to walmart but dont want to shovel my car out .. 🙃🤔
 emilykmermaid  Leighski67 They sell liquor/beer in just about every store here. Walgreens, WalMart, Target, grocery stores
 erinhamlin AND LOVE MEETING THE GIRL THAT GOING WITH FAMILY I LIKE GOING TO MOVIES AND FAST FOODS I GOING DOLLAR TREE AND WALMART
 JohnLegere  TMobile  I think all of TMobiles partners (Walmart Family Mobile, Metro etc.) Should be able to be a part of  TMobileTuesdays
drew scanlon gets 15k a month for his blinking meme meanwhile my twitter feed gets me kicked out of walmart where's the justice in this
Walmart issued  157 million in bonuses to 850k emp. Stretch that bonus with your Sprint discount.  MyWalmartIdeas 
 JarenGreen u saw that tweet about champion in walmart shut up
Bitch prolly get boosting clothes outta Walmart this weekend
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist I make him buy stuff! Accident   walmart!😲
MY GRANDMA JUST ACCIDENTALLY RAMMED A WALMART WORKER WITH HER CART AND THE POOR LADY FELL OVER 😂😂😂 Grandma was unapologetic
Even the littlest moments like talking to kids in line at Walmart remind me why I want to be a teacher 😊
 laurakfillault  Walmart I know Wally World has them, bought them here before but they're changing everything around.
And us cash poor folk have to subsidize that wage while Walmart execs rake in billions in profits. 
 YouNotCee 😭😭😭sus you at Walmart?  not_foreign_
Walmart Expands Capabilities as Online Shopping and Traffic Grows  ecommerce 
Black hannah goes to walmart
 Maxjack61080997  Walmart  Xbox XD Walmart ain't going to do anything unless you exchange it for another one
 Maxjack61080997 We're sorry about that. Could you tell us when you purchased this product? -Trav
 JarenGreen 90's early 2000 C's was hard now they sell grandmom sweaters in Walmart
Pathetic is a life time Walmart employee hounding your social media trying to get you in trouble due to their own lack of otiose
My grandpa caught this old man checking me out at Walmart, kid you not grandpa almost beat some booty
Boycott Walmart!!! 
The Pioneer Woman 28-oz. Jumbo Mug 4-Pack for  12 + pickup at Walmart - 
I am way beyond pissed off at this point.  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
One year ago today ... True. Walmart heirs are wealthier than bottom 40% of Americans. 
I have so many errands I have to run like normal places like the bank and Walmart but who has time when you work 12 hrs in the day. 🙄🙄
There is a dude outside of walmart rn playing the banjo with his dog standing on his shoulders.😂
not to me the person who actually worked for you.  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
Guys I'm at Walmart I hope they have those damn peeps Oreos
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Valdosta, GA 
 ForagersCuisine Would you also mind sharing the store location these were purchased from? We're always working to improve our stores. -Vik
 Andrade_709 only thing Ima be hitting them is with that "I'm going to Walmart for some food" & never come back😂
been using my information. So that's on you for sending my information all over the place but  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
Just got a tea kettle   ALDI for  6.99, Walmart is  SHOOK
so i was at walmart and beca walks past me and was like Hey Lester 😂😭
Cashier - Walmart Canada - Brantford, ON: Operating a cash register by scanning items across an electronic…  hirekw
 laurakfillault  Walmart I looked, nothing. 😢
personal documents all over to people I don't know? that is creepy and illegal and someones  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
7 Ways to NOT Waste Your Tax Refund 
The walmart here is 100 percent sold out of Jell-O shot container things and if that doesn't yell spring break idk
A year ago today we fact-checked this  SenSanders claim: Walmart heirs are wealthier than bottom 40% of Americans… 
I received it. But what about all these other company's? They didn't and could be sending my  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
Lean: I assumed Thursday, but now I'm not sure. Michaela: She is from Ethiopia and we are both in college her… 
Yeah especially from Walmart  dontshoplift  thievessuck  donthavearecord  neworleans 
do you every miss your mom or your dad   walmart
So I was leaving Walmart and one homeless dude was yelling at another homeless guy telling him to get out of his territory 😂😂
It's Here!  5 Spring Beauty Box from Walmart! via Everyone Loves Couponing - Spring is in the air ... 
I swear I'm at Walmart every day even if I don't work
The Pioneer Woman 28-oz. Jumbo Mug 4-Pack for  12 + pickup at Walmart

I got one w2 form from driveline merchandising and they had a different address but made sure  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
The Ultimate Aldi, Target & Walmart Price Comparison Sheet via Passionate Penny Pincher - Love ... 
we've been in america for a matter of hours and would you believe i've managed to get lost in a walmart
 Walmart I can't hear my friend using my headset I bought for  Xbox
. Cambia Watch on  Periscope Marcus Osborne of  walmart and Mark Ganz of  cambia on what… 
Just asked the Walmart cashier where she worked. I've never felt so stupid.
me to a walmart employee: is this gatorade organic?
Walmart do price match on tvs video games an shit so download Walmart app on y'all phone
Where the hell in this forsaken store do you stock the baseball cards,  Walmart?

Anybody?
Need ah live blanket ya now!! Dem sell ah Walmart 🤔
I'm at  Walmart_br in Contagem, MG 
I'm convinced Somebody put voodoo on this Walmart 😭
and the  fact these people didn't make sure I personally received a w2 form is illegal  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
Save  10 on the Ronco Five Tray Food Dehydrator via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, ... 
 RealAronDuane statesboro Walmart is no joke
FREE Kubo and the Two Strings DVD from Walmart (US Only) - via  FreebiesDip  freekuboandthetwostringsdvd  US
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Petersburg, VA 
 nvfs Potential grantee's programs must benefit communities within the service area of a local store. Learn more: 
 ForagersCuisine That's okay! Please give us a call at the number we had given earlier so we can take care of you. Thanks! -Vik
Once in a blue moon they would serve decent good at work....  cantcomplain   HQ 
I make him buy stuff! Accident   walmart!😲: via  YouTube
 fawfulfan  thehill I'm sure Walmart is hiring.
somebody send you money order you kan get it from any Walmart or?
Now leaving Walmart headed home.
I literally just bought 33 packs of tic tacs from Walmart
With a little complaining and Gods help  Walmart helped me with my issue. I appreciate the attention and help!  FiveStarService
 carolyn_hiener Hi Carolyn! You can view our community grant guidelines here: 
 Walmart  NetSuite  Integration Helps You For Boosting Your Sales immensely. Click on kn… 
Chief Montgomery would like to thank Walmart for choosing HFD to receive their Community Grant!! 
- seeing what little friends I have and classmates all in Walmart 😩
The urge to go to Walmart and get trolli sour gummy worms after I'm done working out is too strong
 JoeSantagato PEOPLE IN WALMART! 🤢 
Check 6+  GameStop stores, no new skylanders, check 1  Walmart and they have all 4  power2who  whatsgoingon  goodjobwm
What a great Johnson & Johnson BOGO offer in the paper this morning! I can't wait to redeem it at  Walmart!  JohnsonsBeautyHack
4 noteworthy contenders in  onlinegrocery:  Walmart   kroger   ShopRiteStores   HEB  - via  pgrocer   RandyHofbauer
ugh I'm so annoyed at planned parenthood and Walmart. I just need my damn hormones
 MrBeastYT Walk into a Walmart and ask if they sold giant Asian stickers
Over a foot of snow so far. 5 inches an hour. My town is shut down. Even Walmart is closed.
 Report:  Walmart testing kiosks to create ‘an endless aisle’ ^ek
After a parking maneuver went wrong, a blue Ford ended up on top of a 1959 Corvette in a Walmart parking lot in... 
Walmart (Walmart) Presents at Bank of  America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology Conference (Transcript) 
Macy's, Zumiez, Walmart & heard about them being   Forever 21 
Oml if I was in my WalMart as a customer I would this 
Man held at gunpoint by potential victim in a Houston Walmart parking lot  texas 
Chanel VS walmart 
Jackson the active gray chicken from Walmart,
No sir no way in hell am I gonna pay you for a debt I'm unaware of w a gift card from Walmart, which dumbass falls for these
  new dude working at Walmart when you tryna fall in love
When ur accompanying ur sister at the Walmart photo centre & end up helping 2 elderly people at the kiosk bc the actual employee won't 😑
 KnightRaven1 Thank you. I was til I went to Walmart. Lol
Just stop with the 2 day free delivery nonsense since you have failed all 3 times. Thanks 
 Slate BC pills... 9 at Walmart, which is right where the wards of the state you pander to shop.
So technically your mottos are slanderment  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
I left cart, went to Walmart, then madz's (by Bullard), talked for a bit, then Clovis west, and I still made it to north before lunch
How that champion shit vintage.. shit was in walmart in 2007 
Walmart has free 2-Day shipping 

🤔🤔🤔
Store Standards Associate - Walmart Canada - Oshawa, ON 
2nd Shift Instock Associate - Walmart Canada - Oshawa, ON 
Then subway is just a bunch of stuff that the human body should not consume anyway  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
So, who is the genius that thought it would b  wiue to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 Walmart What makes you think I would keep my reciept for a gatorade? I'll look around but I highly doubt I have it.
Anyone wanna pick me up from Walmart ?
- Daily savings center - Your hottest offers of today at Walmart
I'm at Walmart GSS Latin America 
 BeccaWhisenant I got u don't buy to Walmart shit lol
 TMobile does  TMobileTuesdays work with Walmart Family Mobile customers? I know you work with Metro PCS but WFM uses TMobole service too.
Roberto Vilchez of Walmart eCommerce shows us there's more than one way  to use the QCT Note Rack! The perfect comp… 
Crayola Marker and Watercolor Pad, 25 Sheets per Pack [ Save 87% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
 ProfessorTurner  OVHSSoftball everyone should know this. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide report it
People in Walmart werid asf dude act like they never seen a bald Bitch 😂😂
THanks for helping somone who helped you dont save nothing.
 WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
 The_Munro  Walmart  iTunes i love you so much 💕
 goaliefitness they sell at walmart cheap way to cover old crappy counters comes out real nice 😁
There hasn't been anybody between me and my doctor except private  insurance. Would you rather have USDA/FDA or Walmart regulate your food?
 marckskl We're sorry to see this! Please bring the product and your receipt to the store for assistance. -Trav
and I almost died trying to prevent it BUt you all just want my organs anyway? that's fucked up  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
WALMART 24HR CHALLENGE (KICKED OUT!!): via  YouTube
 TheRickWilson No rollbacks.  This ain't WalMart.
 GrimsToyShow new figure i got from walmart 
WTF... A 5-foot long shark was found in a Walmart parking lot! 
The Walmart I always go to had a SHOOTING yesterday 🙃🙃
 Walmart you suck. It's a snow emergency in NYS and you still expect your employees go to work. Guess    is more important than people.
Walmart trip! 
I'm still waiting for mine to come back from Walmart 
I busted my ass off and had employees shoplifting thousands of dollars worth of stuff  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
Seriously  Walmart 5 times 5 times now you've canceled my order and apparently your help desk can't actually help anyone...
To all my latinos be careful at Walmart on Imperial Hwy and PIONEER BLVD. looks kinda suspicious please spread the word !
I'm giving out  225 Walmart gift card for people that got they own spot  Hmu
Yall are psychotic Think you can slave someone like you did to me  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
These are the top three most valuable retail brands right now: 
Jacab keeps calling me "lil mama" in public now & he legit yelled it thru Walmart lol I can't
 3_LittleButtons  bridiebythesea  rhymingwithwine You are very welcome. They have lamination sheets at Walmart I believe.
Family Games to Beat Cabin Fever with  GoldfishSmiles at  Walmart  GoldfishGameTime AD 
 realDonaldTrump CNN Jim Acosta/another arm chair know it all who couldn't qualify for a job at Walmart in real life.
 57MCM WalMart is exactly where she belongs.
Open world gameplay has never been so square. Check out "LEGO Worlds" and grab your copy -> 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Tomball, TX 
Pink Pussy, Pies, & Peanut Butter now available at Order today! 
I really need to go to the bank and Walmart. Is this what adulting is?
 Boss_bitchK  campboy_heemy & Walmart has 3 in a pack for 4.88 😩
Since I was a organ donor they would have just all lied and harvested my organs 2bad IM not now  WhiteHouse  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
 Plurpe I needed up missing my first class bc I was annoyed and then I went to Walmart to buy a new shirt
Why is the Walmart restroom so nasty omg
Back to Walmart I go 🙄
 DaveWeasel thanks for the follow! How'd you get banned from  Walmart? 

That takes some serious effort  impressive
So now they closing Walmart at 12 now?
*me in walmart last night taking these pictures* A R T!!!! aeSTHETIcs!!! 
 The_Munro  Walmart 
 iTunes the soundtrack 
sounds amazing 😍😍😍
I bought fabric boxes from the dollar tree and walmart and cabinet liner and that was IT! under 20 bucks and got everything organized
Man um at Walmart gettin raises and shit....
Ok y'all if you see a Walmart worker freezing their buns off gathering carts the least u can do is bring yours to them just sayin ppl 💁🏼
But I gotta go to Walmart 
Southmore by Walmart 
Dad : alright joe let's go to Walmart 
Me : na 
Dad :  but.  but you love walmart
you know how in walmart they put iphones out on display so you can play with them? yeah well all of the times i played amazingphil payed off
I kid you not: Peeps Chocolate Marshmallow Flavored Milk, from Prairie Farms; price?  2.50. Walmart. 
 Kerkman_20 more like Walmart sweatpants crocks and the tshirt I've had since 7th grade
I literally only use YouTube to watch mega64, lgr, techmoan, and vids of street drummers and Walmart fights
 kennyalbert12 Is Nanner pie your favorite, Kenny? Did you know that Walmart sells 1 pie for every 1.6 people in the US? -June
Ok y'all keep letting Walmart move towards not needing employees anymore on the low...  HumanfreeSuperstore
Our film  CountryCrush is available TODAY across the U.S. and Canada at  Walmart ! Pick it up today and download the soundtrack on  iTunes!
Report: Walmart testing kiosks to create ‘an endless aisle’ via  ChainStoreAge
im parked in the walmart parking lot and the women parked next to me are talking about their daughters getting pregnant at 13 and 14,,,,,,,
Walmart Loss Prevention updated: via  YouTube
From Watson Health to Walmart, read about what's hot in health at  SXSW: 
I got the job at Walmart y'all 👐🙌🙌💸💸
 _Christopherrrr what walmart were you at??
Cooped up inside? Shop the kitchen essentials we're buying from  ThePioneerWoman Ree Drummond's spring line… 
Why is Walmart Buying eCommerce Retailers at a Record Clip? 
Basically Walmart and their associates attempted murder on me and  whitehouse is like bravo  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
Walmart, Office Depot Shopping & going to the Gym  | KristineCM via  YouTube
I can not tell this man to go back to the country his family came from but a Native American and Mexican could... 
 oliviamurrayy_  ceana_gabrielle  alexnnnnnn hey there , this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. good smile lady
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Springfield, OH 
Pioneer Woman Ree Drummond’s Spring Line - Rose Shadow 12-Piece Dinnerware Set  PeopleFood
On tonight's Show. We will be talking to a 34 Tall ROBOT BIGFOOT sold exclusively from The WALMART of DANBURY, CT. Episode  164 <
Lmao why is he on pornhub in Walmart 
 Coyoteri reading this how can you have faith in leftist rule. UC Berkeley is worse that MCDonald' or Walmart.
 Walmart Oh and i opened it yesterday and it was blue.. Sooo. I dont think the'r supposed to turn green in 1 day
 BryanHinmon I should marvel at Walmart's incredible size, but all I can think is how much more room this means Amazon has.
 JJ_Barajas hows it going flexy? this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide happy  Tuesday
Josh made sure he Boostified another Walmart display. We are ready to sell.  BDSprintOhMi  collierjeremy… 
 PixulKat  TheBedfellows I think they legalized them under certain conditions, cause I spotted Yowies at Walmart the other day
On tonight's Show. We will be talking to a 34 Tall ROBOT BIGFOOT sold exclusively from The WALMART of DANBURY, CT. Episode  164
me seeing walmart selling ferret food where the second ingredient is corn which they can't digest: i need to speak to ur manager
When you in Walmart and you run into your bd. 😂
Drove all the way to the Walmart on Brook road and they're closed 🙃
Walmart Canada Coupons: Save  1 On Pringles Ketchup Flavour ^.^ only 1 day
 Walmart Everything you sell can be ordered from Amazon. Just stop your bullshit.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist John Mayer - Soundcheck Walmart Interview 2007
 jackodonnell789 jack, this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide its time I let you know.  ringworm sucks
Logan and I went to Walmart and got a portable DVD player and when we went to turn it on there was HELLA porn on the Internet and downloads
As a stand-alone business, Walmart International would be the world's 2nd largerst retailer, behind Walmart US.
I liked a  YouTube video from  monstervlogsyt BLOODY FINGER IN WALMART!
 Walmart Will never order online from you again. Amazon only from now on!  Walmart   poorcustomerservice  Amazon
I just entered 2  WIN   100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Lakeesha: But I was thinking earlier that maybe I'd go into a store or two late in the day. Emily: When we got… 
In and out of Walmart in 30mins 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
Day 3 in Las Vegas & we just spent  250 at Walmart 🆗

Walmart Credit Card, Great save for GAS.

Follow me for future deals

 gas  Walmart  deals… 
I'm So Use To Being With Logan I Feel Guilty Going To Just Walmart Without Him
Made the mistake of going grocery shopping while hungry and now I own half of walmart🙂
Walmart no longer carries my eyebrow pencils and I think I may cry cause they came closest to my hair color 👻
 missyfranklin WE HAVE THE LARGEST WALMART IN UNITED STATES THAT WAS BUILT 11/2 AGO
 Walmart That one is supposed to be blue mind you.. Not swamp color green. It's foaming at the top and particles of something at the bottom
 Walmart Your online chat help is not helpful! Couldn't answer questions and just apologized constantly.  Walmart  poorcustomerservice
Walmart (Walmart) Presents at Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology Conference (Transcript) 
America, Made Great Again.  MAGA  SummerIsTheShit   Walmart South Jordan 
Walmart Wii U Watch: Why am I at Walmart so Often?
There are again 4 Wii U consoles. Where did 2 more come from?!? 🤔 
Found over  1,805.72 in potential profit from Walmart/Home to sell on Amazon!  OA
I just spent 160 at Walmart on nothing 😐
Tu: I'm thinking I might go to the movies in the afternoon. Emily: She wanted to take things slow, and eventually… 
I was furious😡 but I might go bk today! I need to go by Walmart an
 Walmart So are your Gatorades supposed to look like this after 1 day in the fridge? I bought it about 4 days ago a… 
 Walmart I find it unacceptably poor customer service to have have an order cancelled without warning when it was ordered in stock.
When you see someone in Walmart that you didn't want to see and you need to hide. (This isn't a scenario, it's the… 
If Walmart Paid a Living Wage 
 soalphy I FEEL THIS. the only store I find everything at is the Walmart in freehold tbh
Walmart (Walmart) Presents at Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology Conference (Transcript) …
I just save 69.34 at Walmart by switching to self checkout 🤘🏾
 self_sustaining 😍😍, I recently found it   the 24hr Walmart in Coventry
You guys...please get on the Walmart grocery pickup game. It's the greatest thing ever. Order online for free
Walmart (Walmart) Presents at Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology Conference (Transcript) 
 veryyserious Were you able to reach out to an Associate about the lines at the time? -June
you pay to sit on their asses  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
Only at the Golden Ring Walmart is where you'll see multiple trannies in less than 4 minutes 😩
Funny too I already am hired as a delivery driver for grub hub so technically I do more then the people  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
People: that's a cute sweater
Me: thanks
Internally: it was  3 at Walmart, and this is the 3rd day in a row I've worn it
Walmart reportedly testing endless aisle kiosks - Deena M. AmatoMcCoyThe retail giant is testing a touchscreen ... 
 MeLectable  antifaslefty People don't need an AR15 to go to Walmart, but that's America for you. Or are only certain ppl able to do.so?
GERM CONVENTION AT WALMART! (3.13.17) via  YouTube
South Walmart needs to chill
 RogersBase it's impossible to get one, there was some jingle all the way shit going down at my local Walmart
I do not feel like going to no Walmart but Ima go
 C_Knight12  Walmart sayy whatttt!
 Amazon has overtaken  Walmart as   1 retailer hmmmm interesting
Walmart Canada Coupons: Save  1 On Pringles Ketchup Flavour 
 Drose____ we gotta go to Walmart though
Fucking Walmart finally has my meds. Just as I was starting to get used to shaking and puking 🙄
Report: Walmart testing kiosks to create ‘an endless aisle’ 
 ambamartine I was gonna buy it and watch just haven't got to Walmart yet.
Isadora: I went last year late after the rush. Donnette: It s been a full day, no response from her and she s on… 
Can't miss! Save BIG on a number of clearance small appliances, furniture + more  WalmartCanada's Clearance Blowout… 
Gone be back shopping at walmart this check i got a phone bill i got to pay for 120 and and more my bills aint gone pay theyselves thats why
Got the job at Walmart 🤑🤑🤑🤑
But if I have to go to Walmart I will no worries
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
I liked a  YouTube video DRINKING IN WALMART!
Ok we and my brothers went to Walmart and we drove around the scooters and almost got kicked out.😂😂 
Ingredients of a Subway Car, The Wall with Walmart Flip-flops and other objects of dubious… 
Best.  Easter. Plush. EVER!  shark  sharkbait  thanksWalmart   Walmart 
Just posted some of my favorite new discoveries like;  Walmart's Beauty Box and  ErinCondren's Seasonal Box 😍
 
Fudge Mint cookies are like 98 cents at walmart. they're all I need to be happy.
 Chrisspymakeup found it on Walmart website!!! 
 mmxthew not just McDonald's workers, but the Walmart greeter. The grocery store cart pusher etc
 Yosdosteven Walmart 2.0's
Walmart shelves were really empty last night lmao I still can't believe that
In Walmart trying to shit and someone else is in here playing music to cover their farts
 ZanderCorgeh lol i can't make footpaws so i go to walmart
 larryconfetti YALL (ignore how red my hand looks lol I was swatching stuff in walmart) 
 sarahkendzior  co_rapunzel4 Welcome to Yellowstone Walmart
 WalkingDead The Walking Dead Fifth Season SEALED Blu-ray* Daryl Funko Mini figure *Walmart 
HA. Seen at my local Walmart. If I snatch them all up, do you think they'll hold any great re-sale value? ;) 
I've got 2 movies out today guys!! Night Cries on iTunes & Country Crush  Walmart Please pick them up &share your p… 
 Pinback  Bobble  Batman vs Superman WalMart Exclusive  Funko Pop Vinyl Glow in the Dark Figures  Store  Mall
Susie's Reviews and Giveaways: Enjoy  TysonFreeMovieNight By Shopping At Walmart!... 
Highly intelligent. Now, for domestic use. Guaranteed to settle all home disputes. Only at WALMART in DANBURY, CT.
I liked a  YouTube video DOLLAR TREE HAUL WALMART AND WINE
"Wyd this weekend cause I need a ride to Mississippi" baby ask me for a ride to the doctor, or Walmart. Not outta town.
 HannibalHowes Highly intelligent. Now, for domestic use. Guaranteed to settle all home disputes. Only at WALMART in DANBURY, CT.
 3.00 Cinderella Doll!! ~Walmart Clearance
Go Here -->> 
as well as stack of stuff collapse at me in the cooler. I called ethics each time. and all Walmart does is  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
 _trizzytre no we was at Walmart
A display from Kindersley as part of our  walmartcanada campaign. Donate to  RedCross at Walmart locations across t… 
Now she's trying to get me to steal a lawn mower from Walmart help
Pretty sure the "economic competition" argument was also used when  Walmart came to town and pushed out  smallbusiness.  Whitehouse  spicer
 TON00b  philhuie  paul__henri  tonyposnanski  realDonaldTrump  markets each Walmart store is responsible for  1M in entitlement spending...
I pay  80 for my nails honestly I could buy a lot at walmart w that
then they kept trying to kill me and kept pulling knifes out on me I had tables collapse on me  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
Walmart issues  157M in bonuses to employees 
 Aye_itslaylay Wishing you a speedy recovery.  Along the way,  drink this . Your bones will thank you.   
fuck him, oh do you have Health Insurance I have a scam you can buy into. I hope you never get hired anywhere altho… 
Because they allwere shoplifting and I caught them and kept calling ethics to take care of it  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in La Mirada, CA 
I was suppose to work 5:30-10 and now I'm working 2-11 lmao gotta love Walmart :)
And that was not the first time I had a pocket knife held at me at that store I got sent home ealier one day  SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
FUCKING WALMART QUAVO 
 philhuie  paul__henri  tonyposnanski  realDonaldTrump  markets uh Walmart, so they can maximize profits at the expense of tax payers...
Viagra Walmart Pharmacy. Order Viagra at Online Pharmacy!
 kmramos Sorry for any inconvenience, Katherine. Are these the jars you're looking for? -June
I got a big salad from Walmart and felt like a cheap Kim K. I'm cool with it. 😂
 JBsGhost  philhuie  paul__henri  tonyposnanski  realDonaldTrump  markets Walmart pays more than almost every starter job. And more hours.
 rrszz Walmart: competent
 kafaleen86 Exclusive to Walmart in North America. Hope you enjoy it. Tell us your favourite songs!
 Walmart thank you! Under new management? The downside  customerservice still needs work - the cashier gave me a beautiful smile😁 Ashland
I forgot my debit card at my desk...im at walmart self checkout this awkward af
Was in the Walmart the other and my cashier was a broad who invited me over l but i bucked on sex cause her breath was rancid
 Walmart if it said chocolate of course I'll pick it
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
i had a dream i went to walmart and got my fav cereal,
what has my life come to
This is exactly why I want my own business to much bs and not enough pay for good workers like me.   SUBWAY  Walmart  ColoradoLabor
 ElscPatcky spoiled time! i will ask momma to take me to Walmart
went to walmart today & bought something that didn't have a price on it, but then they found out how much it costs and gave me a dollar off
 ConorTMcCartney My goal is to grow my passive income and as long as I feel the dividend is safe, I do not plan on selling  wmt anytime soon
100 Baggers: Stocks That Return 100-to-1 and How To Find Them:  Apple  MCD  Walmart  TSLA  MSFT  KO  HD  AMZN  IBM  GE
 Walmart Walmex to increase spending by 19 percent in 2017 
 Walmart:

New Insider Filing on

Executive Vice President

M. BRETT BIGGS:


 Walmart CEO cites growing importance of private label  MarkHamstra   Walmart via  SN_news 
Week 1:  Loyal3 - Recent Buys ( MCD,  Walmart,  Google,  BRK.B) 
 Walmart: Analyst action by Bank of America on Wal-Mart Stores: 
 Walmart Colorado liquor stores may have opportunity to add more locations 
Scan results - Shooting Star Candlestick today:  EDIT  VRTU  UGP  SPB  CTB  ICE  OI  JNJ  Walmart  GDDY ... 
Here's what drives Walmart's M&A strategy these days by  philwahba  Walmart
📈
The DOW  DJIA UNDERPERFORMERS of recent years generally OUTPERFORM in the following years

 GE  XOM  DIA  Walmart
 XOM  amzn  googl  AVGO  Apple  pfe  cvs  bac  td  Walmart  COST  WFC  jnj  GE  GS  tsla  utx  fb  v  JPM  dis  MCD  mo… 
 Target is down 0.44  their at 54.75 however  Walmart is up 0.77 their at 70.72 also  Costco is up 0.69 their at 165.24  TGT  Walmart  COST 💲💸💵📈
News:  Walmart has  320m plan to win back Brazilians via  Investopedia  Walmart
Walmart - Nice short at the Top of Trend Channel  Walmart 
 Walmart Up 1.2% Today. Wal-Mart Dividend Stock Analysis - via  KenFaulkenberry  dividend… 
SAlphaTrending: Wal-Mart (Walmart) Presents At Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer and Retail Tech Conf...  Walmart
Wal-Mart (Walmart) Presents At Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer and Retail Tech Conf...  Walmart
 EquityResearch Wal-Mart (Walmart) Presents At Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer and Retail Tech Conf...  Walmart… 
Is It Too Late to Get in on This Millionaire-Maker Stock?  AMZN  NFLX  Walmart  F  ID 
 UK  OnlineShopping and  Ecommerce Statistics For 2017  AMZN  EBoeingY  BoeingBoeing  Walmart  OnlineRetail  EU 
February Dividend Increases  TROW  Walmart  PEP  investing  dividend  increase  money 
Billionaires Are Dumping These 5 Stocks. Should You?  themotleyfool  stocks  Walmart,  FB,  RIG,  ABX,  SDRL 
Highlights from Wal-Mart's retail conference presentation  Walmart
 MAT  HAS  Walmart  TGT:

The Hypothetical Case For A Mattel-Hasbro Merger:


 JACK  Walmart  FL:

How Did Retail Sales Fare in February? Watch Tax Refunds:


 AMZN No, the rest of America is not online shopping like you are  Walmart  stocks  stockmarket  investing  finance  SPY
The Book on Rental Property Investing:  HD  Walmart  L  LL  SVU  KR
 Walmart Wal-Mart: Why the Love? 
 Walmart CEO cites growing importance of private label  MarkHamstra  Walmart via  SN_news 
Wal-Mart: BofA Merrill Lynch adds to US 1 list;  Walmart is embarking on a period of sustainable 20-30%+ e-com growth

"We may be in the age of Walmart again"  Walmart
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Rating Reiterated by Bank of America Corp  acn
 AMZN  Walmart:

Big 5 Sporting Goods: The Best Days are Behind it:


 SunriseTrader Love  COST here too and  Walmart is big winner from this retail cleansing bigger picture
Strong buy on  Walmart today, all technical indicator confirmed signal. Price target:  71.72 (breakout to the upside  72.34)
 Walmart Why a blizzard in a small part of the country is national news 
Another  DJIA laggard getting love today  Walmart 
Signs Point Upward for  Walmart; Company Could Be One of Few Beneficiaries of a Border Tax  TheStreetTech 
Signs Point Upward for  Walmart; Company Could Be One of Few Beneficiaries of a Border Tax 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Bank of America Corp 
Businesses Big And Small 'Enthusiastic' About Trump Economic Policies  BizRoundtable  NFIB… 
Billionaires Are Dumping These 5 Stocks. Should You?  ABX  RIG  Walmart  SDRL  FB 
 ABX  RIG  SDRL  FB  Walmart:

Billionaires Are Dumping These 5 Stocks. Should You?:


Tuesday's Upgrades/Downgrades  MBLY  OXY  ORCL  DIS  Walmart  ABT  AFW  ADI  ARRS  CAVM  GLW  ENB  ETH  GGP  HZN  MAA  TXRH  VRTX
Why Merrill Lynch Sees So Much Upside in  Walmart 
 Walmart More Than 22,000 Walmart Associates in Alabama to Receive Share of over  4 Million in Cash Bonuses... - 
SAlphaTrending: Why Target Is Not A Suitable DGI Position  BKS  COST  HD  JD  JWN  Walmart  TGT
 Walmart More Than 22,000 Walmart Associates in Alabama to Receive Share of over  4... 
 TGT reclaims 55. Any bleeding is merely a reflection of  SPY going down at this point.  stocks  stockmarket  investing  QQQ  Walmart  AMZN  DIA
Why Target Is Not A Suitable DGI Position  BKS  COST  HD  JD  JWN  Walmart  TGT
 Walmart:

Why Merrill Lynch Sees So Much Upside in Wal-Mart:


Notable gainers among liquid option names this morning include  WU (+4.4%),  NKE (+1.7%),  DLPH (+1.7%),  Walmart (+1.4%), and  SEE (+1.3%),
Here's Why Costco Shouldn't Be Raising Its Membership Fees  themotleyfool  stocks  Walmart,  KR,  COST 
SHORTS:  XPO  Walmart  SCHW  JACK  GOOG  RIO   TD  HCA  PHM  IBB  DVN  NBR
LONGS:  SNAP  BoeingBoeing (DayTrade)
3 Retail Giants Square Off in the Battle for India  AMZN  Walmart  BoeingBoeing 
 Walmart looking pretty on the 2 min BO 
 LL Since  JCP getting into home service's a  LL Buy-Out would make sense as well as  SHLD but than again  Walmart  TGT  HD  LOW
Dollar General Corp Q4 Earnings Report: What to Expect?  DLTR  Walmart  DG  EarningsReport  DollarGeneral  Retail 
Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
 Walmart Stocks slightly lower; energy lags as oil slides 
Order filled. Long:  Walmart  ABX  CSIQ  gold  solar  StockMarket
12 Great Books on Value Investing:  SPY  Apple  IBM  CSCO  COST  Walmart  PEP  MCD  KSS  LYB  XOM  ADM  investing
Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology Conference  Walmart
Shares of  Walmart rise 1.4% at  70.93 to lead Dow gainers in early trade
5 Dividend Growth Stocks With Upside To Analyst Targets  CVX  ESS  Walmart  DOV  MDT  etfs 
Overlooked In Retail: Net Income Per Employee  AMZN  SBUX  Walmart  HD  JCP  WBoeing  CVS  M  KSS  XLP  XLY  VDC  XRT  VCR
 jimcramer You always talk about "best of breed." Who is better at retail than  Walmart ?
Watchlist for today  RRD  VNET  P&GNX  CME  AMGN  DOW  LOW  TGT  Walmart  DIS
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades:  MBLY,  OXY,  ORCL,  DIS,  Walmart and Many More 
BoeingM really making a strong case for this..  Walmart could be a last man standing in retail.. 
 Walmart (+1.0% pre) Wal-mart Added To Bank Of America US-1 List, Says Focus On Core US Strategy Is Working


Cramer's Mad Dash  Walmart
yesterday's results: 4 on 5 trades green, +1660 
today's watchlist:  YY  Walmart  EDIT  P  URBN  AUPH
 Walmart Added To Bank Of America US-1 List, Says Focus On Core US Strategy Is Working  
Now  SquawkStreet  jimcramer: We may be in the age of  Walmart again. Wal-Mart could be winner with the border tax. 
 Walmart Cramer pumping  lilnickysmith 
 Walmart Cramer pumping
 Walmart Shares Up 0.9% Premarket; BofA Added Stock to 'US 1' List 
Wall Street Breakfast: Prepare For A Post  Brexit World -  SPY  Walmart  XOM  YHOO  Boeing  IBM  UPS  VRX  business  markets
look for  NCR continuation.  MGI up premkt on low volume.  Walmart dancing around right at d200  stocks  investing  tradeideas  trading
Whole Foods and Walmart Should Fear This German Grocer Who Wants to Spend Billions More in the U.S.  Walmart  TGT  WFM  
Long Watches:  EDIT,  ETRM,  YY,  Walmart,  CTSH,  BoeingNC,  NVDA! Short Watches:  AUPH,  LNTH,  VRX,  CVX!!
Wal-Mart Stores's buy rating reiterated at Bank of America Corp.  Walmart  Walmart
Walmart CEO says M&A targets "driven by assortment" ie e-comm cos that can add to its selection but too small to scale on their own  Walmart
 daytrading  investing Tuesday Top Analyst Upgrades & Downgrades PT1  MBLY  ORCL  OXY  DIS  Walmart  ABT  AFW 

 Walmart added US 1 List at BofA/Merrill. The analyst keeps a Buy rating on Wal-Mart with an  88 price target.
Wal-Mart CEO says 6% lower inventory a big deal, makes things easier for staff to find in backroom etc, helps morale  Walmart
Top 5 Things to Know in the Market on Tuesday  aapl  amzn  msft  nflx  tsla  GS  Walmart  nvda  stocks  brexit
Glad see ML joins our enthusiasm  Walmart who has made piggy-valuation / unachievable St ests  AMZN rightfully blink

 XRT  jimcramer  GuyAdami
Wal-Mart CEO McMillon tells BoeingML wants co to be more digitally savvy internally, no just re customer-facing facets  Walmart
 P&G  T  TRV  UNH  UTX  VZ  V  Walmart  XOM Long and short positions from the  DJIA, up to 1800% since 2008.  DIA  SPY
WATCHING CLOSELY:  SPY,  QQQ,  UUP,  IYT,  EPI,  EZU,  UVXY,  DUST,  NVDA,  TASR,  Walmart,  MGI,  DWT
Today at the BoeingML Consumer Conference: 

 M  Walmart  CBRL  LBTYA  DKS  JACK  WHR  HLT  BOBE  JCP  BOJA  AZO  CRM  SFS  SSI  DAL
Better Dividend Aristocrat Buy --
Target or Wal-Mart?
 TGT  Walmart
 Walmart:US Will Wal-Mart's New Supercenters Be ???Cool??? Enough?  WAL-MART STORES INC   SP500
 Walmart:

Wal-mart (Walmart) Added To Bank Of America US-1 List, Says Focus …:


LBoeing Wealth Management LLC Increases Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Shares Sold by Keybank National Association OH 
Redmond Asset Management LLC Purchases 424 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Shares Sold by SSI Investment Management Inc. 
 Read my JBP review - following his stock alerts I made  50K !!  BBY  FSLR  Walmart  WNR
2017 Consumer & Retail Tech Conference  Walmart  KR  PCLN  WHR
Sell Or Short Shares Ahead Of e.l.f Beauty's Lock-Up Expiration  ELF Also  CLX  CVS  P&G  TGT  Walmart 
What does have to say about  msft  pg  hd  adm  wba  tgt  jnj  antm  met  googl  xly  wmt  FridayFeeling
The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life:  stocks  investing  trading  KO  Walmart  BRK-A  SPY  Apple  P&G
If Twitter existed 20 years ago all you  Amazombies would be cooing about  Walmart...  DisruptionHappens… 
 MarkYusko btw  Walmart made more profit in the last year than amzn has ever made over the last 20yrs.
Breakout alert!  Walmart Watch it on  hahohe  joy
on watch for tmro  baba  tsla  wmt
Good summation. Buyer beware: Cramer preps for a big market backlash  Walmart 
yeah,, that is a more usual comment, but to say we're more valuable to a larger co.   then add  Walmart to that mix ...… 
I could make the argument that the  entre to  Walmart has a hidden value not reflected on the balance sheet .... no ? 
 Walmart Cramer preps for a big market backlash 
