 Purell Hand Sanatizer has awesome new scents.  I tried VIBRANT because I  GotItFree but you can get yours at  Walmart. Check it out!
That wheat bolillo bread walmart sells >>>
chanel vs. walmart 
Walmart is not for the faint hearted, I remember why I avoid this place!  Its like people have no chill as soon as they cross the threshold
Walmart has scarred me 
Come with me to Walmart  
When you get told by a Walmart worker that we make a good couple but we are actually brother and sister. The struggle was real today 😂
i'm in walmart and their employees are really wearing capes omggg
my mind is blown from watching the walmart conspiracy exposed.
Do not buy these for any of our children or your children it could kill them it's made of lead from Walmart and... 
My mom said i hate to eat fruit so i brought 1 mango from walmart
SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE – Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next? – 
 pabarge  TheJeffBridges  WhiteHouse  Walmart Educate yourself. I work in healthcare and know better. 
Its always a fire by walmart highland
 PRT  Art  Oopsy Daisy Painted Heart Canvas Wall Art 18x18 Kim Anderson 
 bykerseven  speculawyer  wildweatherdan  RadioFreeTom The gas giants are always in the Walmart queue
 thetomzone that patty is one of those pre-smashed things from the Walmart, likely made from Chinese dogs.
Did you really go to Walmart if you don't almost hit 5 carts in the parking lot
 PaigeWilson2015 is walking with me at Walmart pretending to be a car.
 FullyPoseable  USAinLON92  Walmart  GrimsToyShow Love
Go to Walmart 🤢
No please give me your theories on where the light bulbs are in this Walmart 
I got to see Grand Prairie's super star  VergilOrtiz at Walmart 😎🤘🏻
 MythElizh Lmaoo walmart brand bonnie and clyde
 tamarjenc  mcneuen  wildweatherdan  RadioFreeTom I always take my cue from randos in the Walmart line
I Need To Go To Walmart 😒
I love my  RetailMeNot app! Just saved money at Walmart and had to share!  DealBrag via  RetailMeNot Coupons
The only thing I dislike about ordering groceries online from  Walmart is that you cannot order one of the rotisserie chickens from the deli
Shane is the funniest Walmart employee ever... check out the gallery of messages his managers have t 
glamour_fashion: Joan Smalls Is Launching a Swimwear and Lingerie Line at Walmart …
Can you recommend anyone for this  job in  Bentonville, AR?  Hospitality  Hiring  CareerArc
 KendELLEWOODS walmart trash can flashbacks
My parents are so busy but I love them bc their idea of a date is going to walmart together...they have fun wit it(… 
This nigga in Walmart was staring me tf down. He looks like he's about to approach me but I go into an isle
ASDA CAN FUCK OFF .. OR SHALL WE SAY WALMART ..LEAVE B & M ALONE 
 TheHoodGotPHE Walmart. Only thing that helps my cramps besides pills.
 jtloper1  TheSimpsons Probably Walmart or Amazon, but it doesn't come out until December.
 PikaBoyTV  BalrogGameRoom The adventures of Walmart and BoeingNANA will be lost to time!
This some shit we would do at Walmart  A_Nicole022 😂 
Joan Smalls Is Launching a Swimwear and Lingerie Line at Walmart 
Me & my mom literally live at Walmart 🤦🏻‍♀️😂
 startups Akron-area startup aims to fill Walmart stores with household cleaner aimed at millennials - Akron Beacon… 
“I fuckin love cracker jacks” ~woman at Walmart
Registry in the works :) 
It be dudes coming into Walmart just to talk to the associates 🙄🙄
glamour_fashion: Joan Smalls Is Launching a Swimwear and Lingerie Line at Walmart 
 CaliKimD That's a good walmart!
 JanellWheeler OMG 4 at my local Walmart 
 Walmart ***definitely!!!!***
The Dynamics of False Love  IsraeliPM  GCHQ  DeptofDefense  BoeingESystemsInc  DARPA  BillGates  DHSgov  FBI  Walmart… 
I have been in Walmart for an hour and I want to die
The McDonalds by Walmart has employed nothing but neanderthals, very kind of them though to hire the mentally challenged.
Me bc Granny just tried to pants mom in Walmart..... 
: SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE – Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next? 
Came to Walmart to get a white dickies T! Go to pay aaannnnd forgot my wallet at home fuuukkkk!! 😒
 moniquebarajas5 walmart!
 k_Huntington  Walmart No, that happened to the people on Facebook as well. And they've gone through them before, no problem.
Walmart customers blow it on a daily
 PastelScript For all I know you could've gone to Walmart :P
 bryestigs Walmart in setauket is coming with 12 if them soon
Win A  25 Walmart GC In The Scream for Ice Cream Giveaway Hop Ends 7/31 
 realjustinh You know Walmart has effectively stolen millions in tax revenues by underpaying their employees, requi… 
 chefdare  TheJeffBridges  WhiteHouse "...isn’t caused by a lack of food."
Drive to  walmart. Sit in the lot and watch.
Get woke.
Eh-Hey
That awkward moment when you walk outta Walmart and you forget where you parked...
I saw the cutest puppy at Walmart and now I want her😭 I'm obsessed with dogs omg
My house is so boring me and  hollyy_b_ go to walmart just to walk around and get away 😂
Lord give me strength Ima have diabetes working at Walmart 😭😭😭
Walmart fired 4 people in the past week and guess who has to cover their departments until they hire someone else??? This guy🙄
Walmart Customer Satisfaction Scores on the Rise -  ipsum dolor amet fatback sausage ham kielbasa, ball tip t...
 ksatnews How about a damn picture of the suspect??!!? Walmart has cameras everywhere...!!!
NOW HIRING FOR PART TIME AT THE MCDONALD'S INSIDE OF THE KANNAPOLIS WALMART.. WE ARE LOOKING FOR PEOPLE THAT CAN... 
Off-duty deputy's swift action saves life of Walmart employee who tried to stop robbery, police say - KSAT San Ant… 
currently freaking out because I just saw a tiny kid in Walmart with  _clograce’s face. swear.
Welcome to Walmart where you have condoms in one aisle and tater tots in the next
Just saw Siri in Walmart I didn't know she came out da phone but I guess everyone gotta grocery shop
I am so mad right now. I just went to Walmart for few things and at the checkout I dropped a  20 dollar bill. The... 
walmart customers always mad about something, tryna gets discount 🙄
 kayeyewhy  fawkingrude  EXTRAWITTY That's why you don't have a TV stand in your crib, you got that 32 inch sitting on a Walmart stool
 no1from_nowhere  realDonaldTrump Door greeter at Walmart is an important gig!! Smiley sticker giver outer extraordinaire!
 toyspotting at my local Walmart  TOYSPOTTING  WWETNAfigures 
hzara sexy picturs playboy women of walmart 
Plan: Go to Walmart then clean the house.

Action: Went to Walmart, spoiled kids, spent day with kids.

Sometimes plans changing is good. 😊
Walmart with mekhi an leana😁😁😁
High-Value Printable Coupon! Bic Simply Soleil Razor Only  0.27 at Walmart! 
"Don't buy Jelly Shoes from Walmart!"  They raise your Lead Level from 3.6 to 60! 
girls of walmart nude sexs breast 
Bill Gates Trash Can  tim_cook  BillGates  LockheedMartin  DeptofDefense  cvspharmacy  Walmart  federalreserve… 
I've been using  MarioBadescu products from Ulta and Aveeno from Walmart 🙃 
Shout outs to Crystal at the Bay Minette  Walmart and Steve  BHPhotoVideo - and a HUGE thumbs down to  FujifilmUS  CustomerService
Gucci vs Walmart 
I wanna do stuff like go on late-night Walmart run dates.
I really wish all  Target stores were SuperTarget stores. They basically have the same broad selection as Walmart, except nicer.  Target
Get It Now! Walmart Drug Viagra Price - 
Deals: Blaze and The Monster Machines Plastic Toddler Bed By Delta Children  27.55 (
I was at Walmart and the guy in front of me walked past the cashier and left with an electronic without paying and nobody said shit 😂 savage
Akron-area startup aims to fill Walmart stores with household cleaner aimed at millennials - Akron Beacon Journal 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
my brother is giving my dad a walmart haul of his back to school clothes
WALMART JUST MADE SOME CHANGES DEMS ARE GOING TO HATE, THIS WILL SHAKE UP THE WAY YOU SHOP FOREVER! via  YouTube
...Nationalise Walmart? I mean, I'm a progressive and everything, but making clothes+food an entitlement? Isn't tha… 
Quick stop (  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Riverton, UT) 
My nerves are always bad in Walmart. 😑
If there is not an open bar and a delicious cake at your wedding, I will take my gift card to Walmart back. LastTweetsLOL   lol
Disappointed in the fact  ModCloth isn't very retro anymore since Walmart bought them. 😐 send me your fav "vintage style" sites
Just go to Walmart and save 
How 5  Global  Brands Use  RenewableEnergy -  microsoft  sony  google  ikea  walmart  energy  infrastructure  solar… 
 QAJob 6280 Area Manager QA/Systems Friday-Sunday Evenings – Walmart –…  qa  softwaretesting  qualityassurance
VIDEO: Suspect in Walmart robbery, stabbing at large  KSATnews 
 mariahmallad Target: the quality version of Walmart, lol
employee at Walmart: can I help you?
Me: no that's okay 
Them: are you sure?
Me: yes
Them: oh come on, let me help you
LEAVE ME ALONE
I need to make a list an go to walmart next weel
And she will be bagging groceries at Walmart soon LOL 
SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE – Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next? |… 
 todderic_  hmm why are you in Walmart???? 
me pulling myself aside like a hispanic mom quietly threatening to beat their kid with a chancla in the middle of walmart: if u don't write
 BeegeOg  _bujebelle I used the red lobster kit from Walmart! I just subbed regular butter for cannabutter
 titowrestling  NintendoAmerica I got mine reserved at Walmart last night.
Order fresh groceries online with  Walmart. Click to check if it's available in your area!  NeverRunOut  ad 
 Walmart  Target  pullteenvogue REMOVE TEEN VOGUE FROM YOUR SHELVES! 
Hey Ty, come find me (  Walmart Supercenter) on  Yelp 
 FallingOffEarth  anniepny13  scheib_gary  DeVos1990  Millard_Filmoor  baddogs4343  RepAdamSchiff Just a note here,… 
Guys I'm at WalMart they have Wi-Fi! OMG I'm coming here to edit my videos for now on lol.
Walmart sells lame chargers
 BestBuy I think we could really communicate to a WalMart Shopper in this room.  Think about making them comfortabl… 
Saturday

In walmart

Not even close to thinking it's the fourth of July 
I am so livid right now! I went to Walmart for a few items and at the checkout, I dropped a  20.00 bill. The... 
I found my favorite Laundry Scent©!  sponsored 
Congrats & thank you to our  Walmart Community Playmakers Teacher Award Recipient, Kelly McMahon, a preschool teach… 
AND  KenneyTran is a  Veteran & manages 400-500  Walmart assocs & cares about  community  WalmartToday… 
 tylerthecreator the physicals aren't at walmart help 
Business at Walmart is going to be slow tomorrow.z.(
Hella monbebes live by me , I'm just in walmart and people keep telling me about my shirt and how they were at the concert as well
I have a 5 year high school reunion anytime I have to go to the North East Walmart 
So there's a pig  Walmart 
going to walmart just for oreos 😩😤
 YoSoyKeith What about Walmart brand Carrie? Do any of the stock characters have psychic fire powers?
How can the  Walmart in Clayton NC be out of stock of 13-gal trash bags, gallon freezer bags, and Purdue chicken nuggets? Because they suck.
For anyone who didn't get the red bathing suit from the insta post, they are at Walmart if you want it
smh i wanna go spend all my money at walmart
Wow I hate Walmart
cleanest walmart bathroom i've ever seen 
I hate Walmart and every single person in it, including myself
i guess walmart is our favorite store now
The Dynamics of the DEA  DEAHQ  czerina  kaaripitkin  NSAGov  NSAGov  DeptofDefense  bt_uk  Walmart  cvspharmacy… 
 EmpressKeno  15 by Lodge   Walmart
* Sees an email from walmart*

Well I knew this was coming it was 2 good 2b true

*opens*

" congrats you saved 84… 
 MiddleSeatView Walmart.
 Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company's Supply Chain
 cleanenergy
Read Here:… 
Did I just see crackhead Sherri   walmart on the come up? There's always hope lol you go guh
Please keep clear of Piedmont and Seine area West of the Highland Walmart Fire on scene Residents are not being all… 
Okay, but.... why? The things you see in a Walmart.... 😞 Yeah, I took a picture of a toilet.… 
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
walmart is the new wave  slaps
1839 NE 14th Ave  219 
I went I. Walmart for pet and cleaning supplies and came out with a new moisturizer and a candle
 SmallBiz  News ; --- Akron-area startup aims to fill Walmart stores with household cleaner… 
Went to Walmart for a  3 bottle of bubble bath... spent  50 🙃
Walmart workers be giving you stank face for no reason smh
"You got an umbrella and a Walmart sweater you can't argue with me"
  fkn Walmart rn
 Walmart lady gives info on "her" credit card because she "lost it" Doesn't provide physical proof info given is hers & mngr allowed! WTF!
 NapsAndSarcasm I do not frequent Walmart often. Therefore it's unacceptable for my ass to hang out the bottom of s… 
When you walk into Walmart through the "Exit" door 
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART AT 2 AM????/// Makeup bag reveal
 Purell  gotitfree available  Walmart with 2x the sanitizing strength of other sanitizers, I plan on using this to cut down  absenteeism
*starts cursing in the middle of walmart* I need the pb cup ones!!! 
*walks into Walmart*
*loses 11 IQ points*
"Oh so I look like the Walmart version of Beyoncé then??"
Yesterday in walmart 
 EmpressKeno Copped it at Walmart. Solid and heavy af. 
 Walmart  walmarthelp But they stop doing in store pickup in 30 mins so I can't get it till tomorrow??? I can walk… 
 pgnimmo I saw the iphone 6 se on sale for 130 or so at Walmart. If I'd have had the money, I'd have bought it.
I saw a bnha poster at Walmart and I was so tempted, but I'm broke ㅠㅠ
Staples Push Pins, Assorted Colors, 500/Tub - 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
Everytime i eat a walmart stuffed chicken breast i get food poisoning but guess what im eating??  A walmart stuffed chicken breast
Swore i saw that same t-shirt in Walmart 🤔 
I still like  walmart I go there on the weekends usually or late at night so not much of a crowd. 
I'll even shop online at  walmart website. I like that free site2store shipping. I think that's what it's called. 
Walmart is probably my favorite still but I'm hoping these grocery prices will keep getting right and lower prices. 
5 winners 1st prize is 100  walmart. Please help me win. Click now. from  areck0001  aaronreckgiveaway 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
The one thing I needed at Walmart I forget to get while I was there this morning 🤦🏻‍♀️
I checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market on  Yelp 
"Here at Walmart we make money, not sense." 
 Walmart  walmarthelp won't price match their own website in the store, so they tell me I have to order online, do… 
 CallMeLinds_ Ya cause i went to walmart and she wanted me to bring her dinner
 xxferrari Lololololol you apparently dont get how walmart works and also think they give .0000000000001% of a fuck about your opinion 😂😂😂😂😂
Man Shopping For Headphones In Walmart And Was Followed Around By Security! via  YouTube
 JoieQ101  FoxNews  dbongino  POTUS  DonaldJTrumpJr I go into a Walmart attempt to leave without paying for an item… 
You know your bored when you go to Walmart with your parents bc you don't want to sit at home
i hate walmart so much
SNES Classic Mini pre-order  US UPDATE   Walmart open pre-orders,  Amazon or Best Buy next?   Expr..  منارة_التقنية 
Man, fuck these people and their kids and fuck walmart hire more cashiers u stupid fucks
My nails were doing so well and then an incident at Walmart. And now 2 are broken. Ugh. Worst day.
DAILY:  walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE - Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next… 
tiny xxx girls girls of walmart porn 
SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE - Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next? 
Off-duty Bexar County Sheriff's deputy saves the life of a Walmart employee following stabbing 
No lie Walmart is live asf
 Walmart very upset and your customer service receptionists are 🚮
 dagreatscienski  FoxNews  dbongino  POTUS  DonaldJTrumpJr That depends as well. I went into Walmart and wanted to… 
Here's Dad shopping at Walmart. 
 Joemac_an_chees picked up a water gun at Walmart pumped it and shot it and some asshole had put water in it  DumbShitJoeDoes
 MikeLevinCA Can't imagine what xmas is like around his place: "um, I wanted to get gifts, but there's a bogo sale… 
2017: A Soviet Union t-shirt for sale at  Walmart. 
i saw my best friend   walmart the other day n started crying bc you could just see the hurt and suffering in his eyes. he was so out of it😞

ok go home this is nasty wtf
Time to find one Walmart manager who has had a face painting booth.
Olay is on Rollback at Walmart! Hard to beat under  5.  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart 
Any body wanna be kind and go to Walmart and get me some Icey hot plzzz 😔
The daddykin's at Walmart buying drinks for tonight's party. Lowkey wanna steal some for me. 🍻🥂🍷🥃🍸🍾
This new house is down the street from a tattoo shop, a 10 gym, nail salons, qt, and Walmart plus like 8 food places. 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
Image from Ingersoll Men's IN1629BL Bison No. 33 Black Watch - 
Yes, that's right, fruit punch-flavored pickles. 

 FurloughedAgain  JetBlue Plus, I think quite a few surgeons feel like they're paid at Walmart levels.  Has to do with the  ACA.  :p
Me and  taeilspenis when they don't have The boys at Walmart 
Walmart runs are always interesting....... 🤣🤣
madi: let's go to walmart!!

us: why?

madi: cause it's free & we're all broke
 YahooFinance  esfuchs Remember when  Walmart was the great evil?
Lmfao... dudes name tag says.  No chingues   Walmart Wisconsin Dells 
 _scumfuck Walmart also sells the machines to make dabs lol
this fucking loser walked into walmart motioning the doors to open like moses parting the red sea
Finna go to Walmart && pick up something to cook tonight 👨‍🍳
So...apparently last night around 11:30pm Walmart took preorders for the SNES Mini. And I missed it...
 AnnMarieeH  profceastman  JamieLindsay  KidRock He's huge at the local Walmart!
They have the vacuum Anthony and I want at the Rialto Walmart. Woooo!!!
rus fakin mom porno sexy girls in walmart pics 
 djndfjnd  ABitOddish  pokesoup  ThePokemonEvos not anymore. they changed their policy on the 17th of July. now the… 
I just watched this guy legit get thrown out of Walmart 😂
Bitch we get in Walmart and he goes to the customer service desk, i go to the school supplies to hide. 
 sandwich_dad  DALee74 Hey someone needs to lease land to Walmart.
Why does everyone in Walmart right now have a toothpick in their mouth 😐
 POTUS  DHSgov  Ice  KellyannePolls  JaySekulow  seanhannity Obama bused a load to Concord, NC, he told NO ONE Drop… 
SNES classic orders from WalMart are starting to be cancelled so heads up friendos
Every once in a while people retweet things off the Walmart site forgetting they try to be like amazon with third p… 
 EverytingKariss  ThatDudeMCFLY So I go to Walmart because they price match everything. Find it in the app, add it… 
 scumfkfIowerboy okay thank u the address is 10 walmart dr
uh how come no one ever told me walmart sold little things if cut up mango? i could've been eating these for so long now
sapphic erotica anal nude site with women of walmart has theme 
 alexcorea 4. slight hint of BO in a busy walmart
Its how I know im at work and im not having a nightmare
You look like you shop at Walmart after hours 
 InsanityXXXlol Xerath is nothing but a walmart brand version of the true king vel koz
 chuck_sander  washingtonpost Do all 6 of your followers live with you in the camper behind Walmart?
Turned Walmart into a dance party with Ju.
 kimkambrough Walmart lines already long af lmao
Peter wants to open up Walmarts with Steven. I'm even more surprised he knows what Walmart is. Save him.
wow are they the walmart version of root/shaw 
Blaze Toddler Bed Just  27! Down From  60!  Instagram  Walmart  bed  deal  deals
 TwoToneTahoe Let Michael Jordan be on a commercial and CVS, Walmart, and Target finna have the biggest lines
Vote for your favourite find for a chance to win a  1,000 Walmart gift card I voted for Marine-Inspired Tea Towels.
I liked a  YouTube video SPEAKER PRANK IN WALMART!
Just left Walmart; saw either a very sad couple or the best avant gard performance art of all time.
 redban Very sad, amazing wine/beer selection…if everyone who is bummed shopped there I wouldn’t have to go to Meijer/Walmart now.😫
 carolfromindy  SenSanders  Bonesweems And the masses of Walmart republicans cheer, drink beer & fire their assault… 
Best purchase in a while!  freezersafe  Mealprep  MealPlanning  gotitatwalmart  stackable… 
MY BoeingSE HAS BETTER THINGS TO DO (WATCH FOX NEWS, DUCK DYNASTY, PAT ROBERTSON, GO TO WALMART FOR HUGE BoeingGS OF CHEETO… 
Lmfaooooo wow spent 200  in dollar tree & walmart 😭
Men Fashion Summer Short Sleeve Cool Hip Hop Oversized Streetwear Long T-shirt
 Fashion  Urban
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cedar Hill, TX 
I miss those late rides to Valero to get 5 dollars off my card. And those late rides to Walmart to get some snacks for what I did with the 5
Why are you back Walmart big fella!?!? You know you need save that little bit of gas you got .. wit ya HU-HU HOE ASS 
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART EMPLOYEES ATTACKED US! (COPS CALLED)
Some fuck nugget in Farmingdale, New York just spent a fuck ton of money at Walmart using my card... I'm in CALIFORNIA. Fuckin sketch!
I just got called ma'am at Walmart, is this adulthood?
 ABitOddish  PokeMANandWIFE  pokesoup  ThePokemonEvos Walmart price checks Amazon
Apparently clothing is optional at Walmart in the summer.  😳
 AreyouthereZod I didn't realize I had signed up for the livetweet package, I'm trying to enjoy my Walmart shopping… 
Wow. Walmart cancelled my SNES Classic order... I guess the drama is going to extend to this Nintendo item too. Lol not worth it.
 hhhaleyyyyy It's a practical room decoration! You're so ready to rock college now! 🎸🏫 -Nici
Lottie just asked me if we have a Walmart in Milford. 🤦🏼‍♀️
 KillerKitty1989 We're very sorry for the trouble you have had. Please contact us at so we… 
SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE - Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next? -…  Technology
Bruh the heat I felt when I walked outside made me just want to live in Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️
SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE – Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next? 
 HIGH_TIMES_Mag Use this to make
your  HashOil ..
Ya don't wanna blow
yaself up now ...
 Cannabis 
 PotHeads
 RiahGsMommy Yeah I always drive to Indian trail to go to Walmart so I don't have to deal with the mess
When you go to Walmart for paper towels and come out  80 later. 🤷🏻‍♀️ I hate when that happens 🙄
 SafetySkills42 They have a Walmart
 dessiree_6  _YooJazzy I saw jazz in Walmart😂😂
DAILY:  aaronreckgiveaway  areck0001 giveaway for a 50. 
 areck001  jamesmccleese2 wonder what is your favorite sort of prize to win? 
 amazon  walmart  kohls  belk  bestbuy  areck0001  jamesmccleese2  aaronreckgiveaway winner gets a 50 of choice. 
Everyone at Walmart is so fuckkng rude & I just want to throw hands
Lol walmart cancelled my SNES classic order cause it said my bank might have a hold on my card, when it's completely fine otherwise. Cool
Politics may have provided Walmart or another player with an alternative channel to Amazon Prime👇 
How the fuck Frank Ocean run out of merch at FYF so quick if they were using the shitty walmart gilden brand shirts?
I hate how big of a corporation Walmart is
works like Amazon now. 
im at the walmart and i Love living in texas /sarcasm 
"There was one at Walmart that was like  7 it was so worth it"
Rape // Hahahah haha....im in Walmart and my rapist is here I seeenhim oh god
Someone bring my bff food at the richlands Walmart pls💖
we're in Walmart and Mom is looking for a notebook and another Mom came to me and said, "excited to go back to school?" I'm shook and idk
Woman, deputies help children left in car in Walmart parking lot 
walmart is currently full of elvis impersonators
 Walmart He was tall and had brown hair
Gold pineapple piggy banks!😍🍍 9.98 in walmart stores and online, go to the blog for the link!🙌🏻😘… 
Physically im at walmart, spiritually I am not 😷😷😷
 RebeccaBrielle Who tf goes to Walmart 😅
 araignette_txt Had a break down in Walmart again?
the condom isle at Walmart is called family planning and isk why but its hilarious to me lmao
Sewer backed up in the grocery.  It is really awful.  To the point that I'm going to Walmart to shop.
 Huney_Jay757 That is the worst Walmart ever now. They weren't like that when I lived right there. But shit N Tryon… 
WALMART HAUL!!!!: via  YouTube
picking the right checkout line at walmart can make or break your day.
every time i come to walmart i always pick up unnecessary stuff
Walmart built giant towers to solve the most annoying thing about online ordering

 
Got to review this olay body wash. Love the scent & makes your skin feel soft. Go check it out  influenster… 
 JulianAssange That's tough, that wld be like boycotting Walmart because products are made by Children from labor m… 
Walmart dates are better 
 mbmt_lava That's great! We'd love to hear more about it. Do you know associate's name? Which store location was this? -Nici
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in La Porte, IN 
 ColeSwan  ccb1212 Says processing as well. I don't really trust Walmart so I'm hoping to get a pre order somewhere else and cancel this one
Um, please enlighten me,  walmart ,how is this a "Deluxe Meat" pizza? I thought it was half cheese.  fail  lies… 
 darrenrovell  ZachDeanDBNJ Not everyone at Walmart could get the day off to attend.
teen sex in walmart a lot like love sex scene 
What's Las Vegas? All my gambling is done at Walmart trying to stay under how much I can afford to spend on groceries
 3Novices : SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE - Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next? 
SNES Classi…
Didnt think this day could get any worse & then i go to walmart and they dont have any ketchup chips????
There's a kid on a freaking hoaver board rolling around Walmart I hate parents
SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE - Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next… UK News technologie
 paigeaolani Or if you want cheaper any of the Maybelline nudes palettes are good and they're like  12 at Walmart
 KailLowry Walmart has it. It's made by bryer's
Watch: Patriotic American... 
"Let's just walk around Walmart" the way to my heart
I had to throw like 4 ounces in a damn Walmart bag smh
 JulianAssange Amazon is starting 2 bother me anyway.It is killing Mom & Pops that survived Walmart.I will not use… 
 JimAustin45  SarahPalinUSA even in America Women are underpaid nationally by almost 20 percent..at places like Walmart
I added my moms bf on Snapchat and so far he's snapchatted me a video of him complaining about Walmart pharmacy. 10/10.
 maiseyyates A couple weeks ago I got the last copy at WalMart in Athens, AL.  This week it was restocked. :)  You… 
 BexleyPharmacy  RoKhanna They lost to Walmart, Lowes Depot & Costco before Amazon.
As a History Intellectual,If OJ sells a Signature Football with Nike or Walmart. I will buy 2-3,Footballs! OJ will become Debt-Free!
 Spydude84 Honestly, in the USA literally nobody supports Apple or Android Pay. Target says no, Walmart has their o… 
This white man just danced past me in Walmart blasting some noname rapper, im sick of this 
[WP] Several departments within a Walmart are vying for complete control of the store. The winners become the Cash… 
I said I was going to Walmart for juice and ended up spending 200  🙄
SNES Classic Mini pre-order US UPDATE - Walmart open pre-orders, Amazon or Best Buy next? - 
 MmkThxBai Cya l8r walmart
If anyone ever invites me to Walmart that's the end of our friendship 
 hyphyfriedrice Also they used the shitty walmart shirts for pre printed it's fucking stupid they ran out so quick
 miri_iron  HerMillennials  HeatherKellyPhD  joanwalsh  onesarahjones  evepeyser Peddle that shit at Walmart grifte… 
Enter to win a  50  walmart gift card  giveaway  contest  freethings  gumdrop 
I just watched the Walmart conspiracy exposed and I'm thinking what the actual fuck
Fuck Walmart
Walmart is making their employees wear capes 
 JigarShahDC  amazon  Walmart Yes, I'm excited about electrolyzers too. It would be nice to see  amazon and… 
need to go to walmart but i don't even feel like it🤦🏾‍♀️
 Perez21Matt Yes, I've just been chillin I'm unpacking/packing and then going to head to Alice cause I have to go t… 
Yes they sell it at Walmart
 GrantPatters0n Well, just tried taking it back. No go, said it was passed the 14 day return policy. Fucking WalMart gestapo.
Amazon is the modern version of Walmart and is causing even more damage while the Walton family and Jeff Bezos' net worth continues to grow.
so tell me since when the fuck does Walmart ask to see your ID when you buy a sharpie ????
The Panama City Beach Walmart is the king of of all Walmart people watching. This place is fucking crazy
 MythElizh  LucasMehoy Ugliest couple I've seen and I use to work at Walmart 😂
 Walmart For such a large store why so few open checkout lanes? Disgraceful. I should bring a blanket next time to wait for checkout.
I didn't think this was a real thing but Walmart actually makes their managers wear capes😂 I saw it with my own eyes
I swear these people at Walmart do to much I just be tryna run this check up and dip on they ass 🤘🏾✌🏾
"I prefer Walmart over Target" 
Save BIG at Walmart with 7/23 Coupon Inserts (Great Deals on Johnson’s, BIC Stationery & More) 
nude girl - walmart pussy fairy 
Things to do in WalMart when you're bored:

As the cashier runs your purchase over the scanner, look mesmerized... 
 KaySlominator We think that even Edna would agree that some superheroes wear capes well! -Nici
 _PureOneLove I wanted a daiquiri..but im at walmart, prob just finna buy a bottle and some juice lol
Never trust anyone who likes Walmart more than Target
 kaytlin_sterba Yeah we don't have a walmart
i can eat garbaeg but not at walmart that just lays on the floor
Yay the wifi at Walmart isn't being spotty
Today I found  40 on the floor at Walmart, finished senior pictures and currently Fishing
I think what I miss the most from Oswego so far is the self checkouts at Walmart
Walmart should sell turners tea by the gallon 
Me   Walmart: "I really shouldn't buy Lucas toys until his birthday in 2mo."
Also me: "fuck it he's getting 3 toys today" 🤷🏽‍♀️
 cakeisaspy12  Walmart Mine is fine no email from them.
Walmart: BIC Simply Soleil Razors – Only  .27 via Coupon Pro - Have you printed this nice ... 
 axxrr98 lol my mom texted me an hour ago saying she saw her at Walmart 😂
my boyfriend favorite store is walmart & auto zone 🙄
I'm a Regular at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp! 
Walmart run for food
MY BROTHER JUST SAID WATERMELON AND PINEAPPLE ARE VEGETABLES IM ABOUT TO DIE LAUGHING IN WALMART
 debatyeg It looks more like she spent the night in the wine aisle in Walmart.
Why everytime i come to  Walmart. It smells like dirty balls🙊😎😉😂  lightacandle
Got my snes classic from walmart no email saying its canceled thank god😄
SNES Classic Walmart Preorder: Is Super Nintendo Mini available again? Are orders being ...  nintendo  bees 
 TomJamison1 You may purchase the gift card online and ship to a U.S. address. For more information please visit… 
Why are more Walmart stores selling guns again? 
(headquarters) san bruno ca - Bing Maps 
 SarahSterling_ I got mine at the Walmart in Anaheim. They had a few different ones
 gigglymexicans Walmart fam.
 Terroriser  walmarthelp WALMART HOW COULD YOU
My girl always gotta dance when getting ready. We not even going to get lit. We was going to Walmart. 😂 
Advice for online shoppers.  WalMart two-day shipping ships the second day, and doesn't arrive til the day AFTER it's expected to arrive.
THE FUCKING LIGHTS WENT OUT AT WALMART AND THE DOORS LOCKED AND WE CANT GET OUT IMMA SCREAM
 emigre80 Be fair. A Walmart shelver works harder in one hour than Trump has worked in his entire life, and is will… 
 tradlife people are like People of Walmart. They both contribute to the retardation and decay of society
 SarahSterling_  FOUND ONE AT WALMART..if not get a black one and Joanns sells metallic fabric spray paint :)
That  20 box of Whiting From Walmart so clutch.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist 24 HOUR CHALLENGE AT WALMART (GOT KICKED OUT)
 MargaretRigsby  peta Walmart, Target, Frys/Krogers, Whole Foods, Natural Grocers, Trader Joes, small, local Indian… 
I liked a  YouTube video Fake Walmart Employee Prank GONE WRONG (Getting Sued)
Budvirginlogic is the Walmart version of Bover Vthe Lrainbow
WALMART 
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART CANCELS SNES MINI PRE-ORDERS BLAMES CUSTOMERS
A cashier at walmart recognized my fullmetal alchemist shirt and I'm so happy right now. I love it when this happens.
Am I the only one that always looses her mom at Walmart???
 cakedoodle Thanks. I can also find this stuff at any Walmart n have it shipped free. This is a hick town. And I can't cook. 😕
PSA: Walmart in MB has Yuengling Black & Tan 6 pack for less than  6
Just spotted someone un-ironically wearing a hip pack backwards in Walmart.
Saw a bird sitting on a shelf in the shampoo isle of Walmart and it still wasn't the weirdest thing I saw there
Walmart in Brady Texas is a Great Place to find Texas Select !!


He should've just gone to Walmart 
Mini car haul / Back to school /Ross, DD's, Walmart, Yard sale,: via  YouTube
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart Does NOT Want YOU See This video America…
Victoria's Secret The Ultimate Maximum Support Sport Bra - wow Walmart  
Who left a Walmart cart at my apartment complex 😂😂
My mama gone say let's go to Walmart & get you some snacks cause you need to calm down
Next (at  Walmart Supercenter in Georgetown, DE) 
Enter to win a  100 Walmart gift card!  EckrichFlavor  Sweepstakes (7/11 to 8/18) 
 emilymccaman  fakemikejones  ColinKahl  50 at Walmart  pettyspicey
Hot Springs Central Ave Walmart moving 25th annual HAF books. Thank you fans of  Trojans  Rams  Wolves  Lions… 
Meeeeee 😫😂😂 ill have a 1200 bag 700 sneakers &  3.90 tights from f21 & a  1.96 tank top from walmart OKURRRR 
 IanKarmel Little known fact: Kid Rock buys all his jewelry from 
 GoodwillVegas It is truly our pleasure to be able to support our community. Thank you for what you do. -Nici
Just posted a photo   Walmart Supercenter Brown Deer 
Unintentional BOGO from Walmart.   Wal-Mart Canada 
 maguireN216 I love Walmart
 TricepBrah  nicholewitty  MFPunkAssBitch Yeah they sell these at Target and Walmart. Spend the 70  next time and m… 
 target lost a customer today 😂🤷🏾‍♀️ taking my money to walmart
Time to boycott Amazon.Jeffrey Baissos has become a manipulator of the News.Destroyer of retail stores.Where are li… 
I need to go to Walmart when I get off work 👀
Walmart in Brady is a Great Place to find Texas Select !!


 Walmart I NEED  WalmartPickUp fixed now!!! Do NOT make me go into that store!!!  CruelandUnusualPunishment
 jmoftlouis I think it is because people is comparing lana and colin with colifer, with all that walmart/chanel or whatever
Spent my whole morning at walmart shopping for gotj 😕 all i need now is drugs and alcohol
I think I just discovered the Chinese version of Walmart😂😂
 cakedoodle IBS Yes, Walmart here.  I will check.
 GarnierCAN Are you discontinuing Olia 9 1/2? I sincerely hope not. It was the only colour on sale at Walmart.
Walmart did have eight different football magazines though
Boycott  DumpKelloggs and Walmart And Any Company That Is Liberal via  YouTube
Well, contacted Walmart just to make sure of what happened and yeah, my money is on hold. They'll give it back in 5 days aprox...
 PURELL I drive a school bus and I make sure to have sanitizer with me. I got samples and coupons for bottles available  walmart  GotItFree
SNES Classic Walmart Preorder: Is Super Nintendo Mini available again? Are orders being canceled? – Mic 
I prayed for some Mormon missionaries in the middle of Walmart parking lot last night. Different religion, same God.
 caleigh_watson  ColbyMcConne11 I went to Walmart at 8 am and they didn't have it so he found it later for me at Best Buy 😍
I don't think anyone showers at the Rockwall Walmart
Nightbird Books was apologetic. Whole Foods was surprised. Walmart was confused.
Never date a man who works at Walmart. He will always be Bitter
"Hey, where'd you get that  65,000 watch?"
"Walmart."
I'm at Walmart -  mundowalmart in Uberaba, MG 
 Barzilla05 I've never in my life heard someone say that's the reason why they don't shop at Walmart but okay lol
 USATODAY IT JUST CAN'T GET ANY WORSE!  America now has its first "ROBOT" Press Secretary, this woman has No looks,… 
 TheFGA I hate to tell you but most people on Medicaid already work- just check Walmart.
 rcbstormpost I was in Gander this afternoon. Left Walmart to put something in the car and I got soaked.
Feeling very annoyed, Walmart is out of Happys bunny food.  grrrrr
When the economy slows down, Walmart's profits go up. People start shopping cheaper 
free porn live stream nudity of people walmart bathing suit 
 reallysupercam Come to Walmart bro its always cold in here
I hate when ppl say that lol like they might not be flashy but you don't see these niggas at Walmart for a reason 
Fruit-punch flavored pickles?!?!! WHAT?!  Z90 
Tristin bout to have me in Walmart tore up
 ianxial Walmart still hahaha
Walmart adventures
You know we're living in a weird time when Walmart stops selling Hawaiian shirts.
I liked a  YouTube video Waterproof Fire?! | 10 Useless Walmart Items!
People love stealing outta Walmart lol
 AetherTail I WILL NEXT TIME I'M IN TOWN MY LOCAL WALMART AIN'T ALL THAT AMIIBO CRAZY SO THEY SHOULD HAVE KNE
Vtech Touch & Learn Musical Bee Just  12.88! Down From  34!  Instagram  Walmart  baby  deal  deals
Visa eyes fresh high,  eBay falls on outlook, Plug Power surges on Walmart deal 
 250 on a kid that ain't mine in Walmart game section smh
I did some autistic price comparisons today and determined that Costco absolutely destroys Walmart on price.  Probably quality as well.
 jeffgallant827  OutvoteLiberals  Martyupnorth  Dfildebrandt You do realize we subsidize companies like walmart rig… 
This is like the walmart version of carne asada fries 
we went to walmart to buy the third matrix movie bc our internet and tv are down and when we got home everything was back up smh
Aww Ruby and Zu in Walmart that was the cutest. I adore their friendship
 Heel4Lif3  TheBenLevel  RainVTrigger I think Walmart raises are like 30 cents an hour sometimes tho 😅😂 
 BrandonTalks  Walmart it so shady wall mart let  this  happened oh look thear at it again so sad
 fgsweetdog  MADE__USA  Hopemyworlds  POTUS Where are your things made? Walmart shopper?
or Walmart 🤷🏼‍♀️😂 
People have started to discover my super secret brand new out in the middle of nowhere Walmart and it is now busy. Shit.
 bolinbaepernick  tariqnasheed  Kellie_Pryor She wuz up at tha Walmart. And the tongue wuz injured cuttin' cows down in the bottom pasture!
Saw a Milf at Walmart she caught me staring at her cheeks 🤷🏽‍♂️
 LPNational  GOP  TheDemocrats This vacuum must exist throughout the US: a bigass Walmart SuperCenter & only a 4 or… 
I'm about to have so much fun shopping in walmart rn 😂😂🤸🏾‍♀️
I WENT TO WALMART AND THIS FUCKN TINY ASS TEACUP CHIHUAHUA WAS THERE
I went and worked out. Went to Walmart. I'm not going no damn where else.
 _dmorgan11 I only went to went Walmart 🤦🏽‍♂️
SNES Classic Walmart Preorder: Is Super Nintendo Mini available again? Are orders being canceled? - Mic  Technology
girls of walmart porn movie hidden cam sex vid 
Baptist minister allegedly steals electric shopping cart from Walmart then goes for joyride on the highway [VIDEO] 
Talking otp a lot, good cooking, movies, shopping, being extra in Walmart 
 Dr_Herv_Nerbler  1Marchella  w_terrence Walmart wouldn't make a cent if these lazy welfare bums were working.
 PatMcAfeeShow Cmon down to Funcie. Would love to be your tour guide around these neck of the woods from the Walmar… 
Now I have to go to Walmart :(
OMG – Baby Trend Walker For Only  2.87 (Was  69.47) – ORDER ONLINE…  Hot_Deals  Walmart… 
I think a good ole trip to Walmart is needed tonight
 wildweatherdan  RadioFreeTom This is why I avoid Walmart at all costs.
 OutvoteLiberals  jeffgallant827  Martyupnorth  Dfildebrandt Walmart makes billions per yer and we subsidize them b… 
If you see me in Walmart or something and we went to high school together but never talked...don't approach me, please.
CHEAP Ziploc Products at Walmart & CVS! (as low as  1.50) 
Maybe Lane and Hugh can start a business venture together--the Walmart of escort services. They can call it the Freshwater Freeze.  😂😂😂😂
 tarah_dactyl_  bridgecrewdave Walmart or Dollar General surely. I've never bought one for myself, mind. Only had t… 
 myheartisastorm  99 at walmart! they have another for like  65 but it broke after a few months, this one is way more sturdy
some ladies get so cray when they learn how to do make up lmao chill sis it's Walmart
 xPettanko13 Ah, wonder if the walmart here in Canada has it then.
the first dvd i see at walmart 
 itscalbell  WeirdHonie tractor supply, i think even walmart or target may have them!make sure the brand is SERESTO… 
 My_Moment95  YourFavoriteZoe Right , After I Retweeted It I Was Like ,, Maybe At Walmart Or CVS . 😂😂😂
* thinks about applying to colleges * 
me : idk where to apply im stressed 
Anthony : walmart 
...
I finally got the movie. Thanks  Walmart 
 theodd1sout I counted six of these in the dollar bin at Walmart, thought of you, and got a smile out of it. 😊😊 
Walmart is the absolute worst store to go into.
i was just in walmart gettin some paint swatches w/my niece&nephew then this sexy, dark haired, blue eyed worker goes "your kids are cute"
 LPNational  GOP  TheDemocrats OK, the local Walmart's ad budget plays a major support role, & the 2 local media wi… 
Signal 30 theft 

Okeechobee Rd
Ftp
Walmart
Im still taking it personal walmart wouldn't make me a Georgia cake
So we get to a Walmart. Not my Walmart. The newest biggest Walmart. Mind y'all I got on dick appointment attire, shorts, t shirt, flip flops
 Ashb1on1  b_faureal  Brasilmagic Wait until they find out they can't drive or go to Walmart without a male relative.
 Matbreezy48  itscharlesjones Yesterday I was at Walmart and saw the flinstones cereal box and asked my mom "do kid… 
Cinthia: "Rach will you take me to Walmart so I can get my phone fixed?"
*goes to Walmart* 
Cinthia: "Wait I forgot my phone" 🤦🏼‍♀️
 DavidJo76044246  Party_o_Lincoln  rage1resist  hoorayfacts  washingtonpost Exxon, Mobil, BP, Goldman Sachs, GE, Wa… 
 ABC Off-duty deputy's swift action saves life of Walmart employee who tried to stop robbery, police say 
Palmolive Ultra Dish Liquid Just  0.98 At Walmart!


 VETTXEV Haha thank you, sir! Much appreciated! And yes, can't stand those Walmart wolverines.
Walmart Back to School Deals 2017 
Ripping mad vapes in the Walmart parking lot  youeancestorsdiedforthis
sexy walmart girls first time bisexual 
I liked a  YouTube video HOW DID WE NOT GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART? (BROKE CEILING?)
If you haven't read up on the Walmart conspiracy theory, you really need to. Shit is scary
Found this at my local Walmart.....  RoosterTeeth 
MY MOM MAKES ME FEEL IMMENSE GUILT FOR BUYING A FLOOR LAMP ONLINE FROM WALMART! I DON'T EVEN DESERVE THAT. WOW...
 Lee_the_Tweeter  jeffgallant827  Martyupnorth  Dfildebrandt Example, Walmart employees get their wages bumped. Wal… 
 VivaLaAmes7 amy is back with a vengeance...she must have went to walmart or something
Fuck you  Walmart 
I'm not even gonna call Walmart today, I know it's not gonna be ready,,
damn workers at Walmart be so petty thinking i won't give attitude back lmao wtf
Never knew Walmart had a nail shop 🤣🤣🤣
How is it that I went to Walmart for new sheets and still managed to drop  100 🤔
WHY DID THAT LIGHTSKIN FROM WALMART BoeingKERY STEAL MY HEART WITH ONE SMILE 
SNES Classic Pre-Orders Were Up On Walmart for 30 Minutes [COGconnected]  news 
I'd like to say thank you to the old man at Walmart for helping me pick out a razor! Adulthood is hard
 LetMeBeGr8 Walmart. Duh
Living in a College town means sometimes to see people at Walmart buying chocolate chip granola bars that you've see on TV in football pads
Walmart is so fucked up that it gets you excited if you get 21 hours a week 😒
 brobert545 Don't use Amazon. Use 
i haven't seen my best friend in a month and of course we see each other in walmart😂😭
If you can shit in a Walmart, you can do anything
 lyon1emporia  luketaplin42 Walmart carries DD iced coffee in bottles to go.
Who has better wings? Walmart or Target? 
I have way too much fun in Walmart
 1Marchella  w_terrence Biggest beneficary of the food stamp program is Walmart
 GirlInGreyBoots Lol... I guess it depends what message you're sending?
Do you spend a lot of time at Walmart?  If so, you're gold.
Mind y'all, I work at the Walmart closest to his house y'all. I'm the HCSMIC (Head customer service mgr in charge" 😂😂
missin ashley & the times where me & her would just sit in the car & talk outside each other's house or going to walmart hella late just bc.
I stggggg if the power would have gone out   Walmart I would've been one mad bitch 🙄 
couples seduce teens anal real walmart girls porn 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Texarkana, TX 
 TishaRaquel Oooo! I will try this! Walmart? Cvs?
So bitch down the street from his house. He texts me and says "I gotta go to Walmart 🙄"  so I'm like well go. And he asked me to come with.
Walmart expands Pickup Towers for online orders 
Unfriendly store notice. I'll stick to Walmart, thanks! 
 UrigusYT Channel vs Walmart
 srkpyare Walmart ne lan?
 SNESClassic Pre-Orders Were Up On Walmart for 30 Minutes via  COGconnected 
Cant come on vacation without stopping at Walmart
 Walmart why aren't you giving a response to snes classic pre-order cancellations?
I literally just bought my Apple Watch today & someone just tried to buy it off of my wrist in a Walmart parking lot😂
sorry but its crazy to compare queen PARK SHIN HYE to that turkish wiko sth like plz its literally chanel vs walmart
in Walmart confusing everybody with the aesthetic.
i had my dad drop me off at walmart and apparently my whole family was here the whole time
Went into Walmart intending to only get pencils and a spiral notebook and came out with the enitre school supplies isle.. I'm out of control
 mtdew4brkfst Even worse than Walmart???...
 SNESClassic Pre-Orders Were Up On Walmart for 30 Minutes 
Bringing back a walmart basket I accidentally stole
I found Gosling's ginger beer and Topo Chico in Walmart. What planet am I on!?!
This sadly looks like one of the cold cuts u buy at Walmart hahh dang 
PURELL Advanced hand sanitizer has 2X the sanitizing strength of other brands, so why buy any other!  Walmart  Purell  Gotitfree
 timothygreen73 Feel like going on a trip to Walmart for no reason with me?
I liked It before it was back on the shelf at walmart
Fruit punch pickles coming to Walmart  fox5atl
Dashboard Confessionals and All American Rejects tonight! Last time I saw AAR was at Walmart in Jr. High. I'm pumped!
THIS FUCKING WALMART IS SO DAMN PACKED ALL THE DAMN TIMEEE
 doctormalibu  RealBigSol  lezlie1031 Changed but it's very flexible towards ppl of color. Look at Right to Bare Ar… 
The Walmart on Metcalf is fucking red in case you're wondering how extra Overland Park always gotta be.
 NEONARMY  JODYHiGHROLLER to walmart -___-
So I'm at Walmart, and there is a Monster High shirt I like, but these racists don't have it in men's sizes.
Everytime I walk in the Walmart on Gresham there's like 13 more white ppl. They're really here yo.
Chillin in a Walmart parking lot 
My trip to Walmart for fair supplies just turned into school supply shopping... 🙄
I'm behind some 12ish year olds at self checkout in Walmart & one said "this is my Bf shirt I stole it after last night" 

🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️o boy
phat girlz having sex videos free videos of women having sex at walmart 
Amazon is acquiring Whole Foods — and Walmart, Target, and Kroger should be terrified

 
Walmart trying to make a mf work 2-11pm... bitch is you drunk?
Grow the fuck up  Walmart and quit making your employees wear capes Foh
The new ? of the week: What is the craziest thing you have ever seen/had happen to you at a Walmart (or other public place)?
 FRHomecare  mmdrum50  CATALAIZE  nmanaloto  maryfurlong  pfizer  psb_dc  GeriTechBlog  ADeGheest  ElderSense… 
 kaaylaaanne_ Walmart!! It's a huge life saver when I want to get something done & him not get hurt lmao
 MoxxinSocks Walmart is pretty close 🤝
 TheBrandonHodge  TheMuscleManMal  WWEShop  GrimsToyShow I heard y'all got kicked outta Walmart 😂😂😂😂that must of be… 
Seriously never shopping at Walmart again. I'm that mad. I'm that done. Ridiculous.
I just had an elderly greeter at Walmart ask to see my receipt...I bought a mf ironing board bitch I cant have nice things?? I feel profiled
Told the guy at Walmart I needed two tires. I come back to find all four tires off. I'm no mechanic but I don't... 
All these rich people in Vegas and I'll just be at penny slots with my camo crocs and Walmart sunglasses
 tpassmore10  stephrb1 Do they do   all Walmart's yet or is it still just Prairieville? Terrence, you can order onl… 
Hey Danny I tired to find you in Walmart today  DannyDuncan69 
Donyaee from Walmart lol
All this missing is Walmart lol 
 KailLowry  kristen_correia Girl my mom worked at Walmart 20 something yrs I'm definitely dedicated
Chanel vs Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Abilene, TX 
Went into Walmart needing eye drops, left with Cap'n Crunch's Sprinkled Donut Crunch cereal.  notsponsored
I swear everytime i go to walmart it's always somebody ik in there😭💯
I don't understand why  walmart won't give Nate time off to come and see me. It's BS and it's been over a year. I'm so angry.  byewalmart
Pwee just offered to go to Walmart for me to buy diapers and cat food while I stay home take a shower and nap....
 CalfTatsRCool  WCWRetrospect  radzero83  RicFlairNatrBoy  TheRealXPac  Walmart lol you got trolled so hard by the Walmart man
 FoxNews  VP Walmart was all American at one time we needed All American Walmart that will make America great again… 
hey Walmart is the place to be  SAMMIE_D2 
Chanel VS Walmart 
Great event supporting  walmart mgr Stewart Adair at  City_of_Helotes Cornyval fairgrounds til 8pm!   great bands &… 
Cramer: A Combined Walmart and Microsoft Could Stick It to Amazon 
 Local_Trash_Man  animesatanist  SuicidalSoviet  FreshAccount777 I got rejected by Wal-Mart. WALMART!
 CameronKyle21 No were gunna do it in the Walmart parking lot I guess. Going to the demos instead
 HealthcareWen  FRHomecare  mmdrum50  CATALAIZE  nmanaloto  maryfurlong  pfizer  psb_dc  GeriTechBlog  ADeGheest… 
 AlabamaActivist i can only imagine what it would cost walmart for their cashiers.
Bought supplies for the apartment for the whole semester. Don't wanna be driving to Walmart every time I need more keurig cups.
Current mood: kid playing a kazoo in Walmart
Did I really google search how late Walmart is open????
Waited basically 2 Hrs to get an oil change at Walmart and these please didn't even call me to let me know why they cancelled it!!!
I'm just sad that my kids will probably never know the joy of flipping through the posters at Walmart
Another Chanel vs Walmart. 🙄 
 MiddleSeatView I carry all that + Ipad and a sweater or rain jacket, passport, in a Manokotak (Walmart) which fold… 
 MichaelCBender WH Press Corp should run to the Walmart & buy a bunch of fridges & dump them on Sean's front lawn - perfect send off!
I'm at  Walmart in Landover Hills, MD 
It seriously concerns me that when the  Walmart toilet flushes, the water fountain pressure drops as I’m filling my water bottle.
A truck hit the Walmart sign where I live and they put the sign in the parking lot with caution tape around it
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Tarpon Springs, FL w/  sfeth 
Has anyone had their SNES Classic Walmart pre-order cancelled?
I just got back from . Walmart Lord Help me Jesus! Some people are so damn rude!! Some Customers Impatient People!😠😶 
4 Nintendo Switch available in stock in Walmart of Madera Rd in Simi Valley, CA   NintendoSwitch… 
 twenty4frames_ I looked at Walmart in White House and I couldn't find any! All I can find are workout pants and it… 
I don't know what's up with people in the south but there's legit 30 high schoolers walking around Walmart attached to each other via rope
"I'm not buying you expensive ass shoes" exclaims a mother in the shoe section of the local Walmart
 steelersbabe Exactly how it was for me when I worked at Walmart. 😂😂😂
 ykeegyddig I honestly should not have spent  50 on pillows, but our shitty  7 Walmart pillows were apparently INFURIATING this morning.
So the walmart snes classic fell through eh? :(
 Walmart  arturo_dueno How come you guys are not responding to the snes mini pre order questions that many have tha… 
 haircut_hippie Yeah. Inagine the current situation, but everything in Walmart costs 3x as much.
 MargaretRigsby  peta I see you're in Alabama. Is there a Wal-Mart near you? Try these! Also, why can't you eat raw… 
All the lil daddies is out at this raggedy ass Walmart today👏🏾
 Walmart should trademark and rename itself! That'll teach  amazon how 'Murica works! 
We not gone disrespect walmart water 
 LindseyPelas 3. Those who take the shopping cart home with them. I feel bad for walmart managers.
Update: I promoted  BackToYou in Walmart too.💕
 ChicoLetEmDoIt  ReggularAf Shiiiiiiit party at Walmart nigga that's the move tonight
 Walmart please start carrying KIND banana nut clusters granola!  You carry the other flavors but not this one. Morrisville, NC
 71JRob I have to buy golf balls, just tell me what to get and I'll pick it up at Walmart on the way home dawg. Drink your tea.
why are Champion t shirts being sold at urban for  40 a piece?! That shit was  5 at Walmart in 2010 I'm pissed
We also highlight the Republican's latest failed Healthcare bill and call out Walmart on their latest racially inse… 
 Walmart if we ordered the snes classic last night. Are we good to go?
 gunnette  Walmart That can be done in advance, that leaves (Italian Saturdays) so you can skip fast food/get somet… 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 50 Points! WOO HOO!!
2 wks left to vote for Z-Gliderz in Walmart's 'Get On The Shelf' contest! Please vote at … AND text 3584 to 383838
My parents love to go to Walmart, go home, then go back because they forgot something
i saw the loml at walmart
 TheGorgeousGoon  PurpleKloudz I see white women all the time with their bonnets on when I go to Walmart. They have… 
naked walmart 1 naked horney girls 
What ever happened to the homeless dude that always hung out at Walmart and bob Evans 😂😂
 QuestionKid We saw one a Walmart and my wife was going to chain herself to the counter.
a 2 year old just asked me if i bought my car from walmart or meijer 😂😂😂
Me last night missing Walmart SNES Mini pre-orders 
 shaniadesiree1 Like any drug store , or Walmart and shit like that almost anywhere
*walks through Walmart and gets nailed with a dodgeball*

Dad: "I hit you you're out"
 ANTITRUMPMVMT  ANTIGOPMVMT Shame on you Spicy.  70   WALMART 
about to go too Walmart looking a hot mess , watch me see everybody and they mama's cousins friends 🙄🤦🏾‍♀️
 BillKristol  jim_villhauer Oh ya...one of those dingys you get at Walmart.
fleejack:  AAPI APAICS  LARegional Walmart 
Walmart is testing its own AmazonFresh grocery pickup competitor 
sexy curvy school girlz fucked girls of walmart nudes 
Looking forward to deleting my account.  And remembering how much I HATE Walmart.
a little kid came up to me and jenna in walmart and said:
"are you guys twins cause you both have acne"
 Walmart please turn the air conditioning up in your stores when it is 100 degrees outside!  Sweating just waiting in line.
You can get a gray hanes t shirt from walmart for a good 10 dollars if he aint got no designer belts he broke 
At Walmart:  Ben's®  and  Maple  Leaf® - Save  2.00   onlinecoupons  printablecoupons  save.ca  save.ca  walmart... 
Walmart  100 gift card  sweepstakes 
 gunnette I saw the sauce  walmart tell Ashley I will remake a dip recipe that's lower salt for you with dip & chip… 
Stop sexualizing our babies!  Walmart  walmarthelp  womennotproperty  rapeculture 
This campaign is important to me. Please add your name: via  teamcoworker
My heart goes out to the family and Walmart family of Kim Dion. You warm smile and infectious laugh will be missed by many.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Most Stubborn WalMart Employee EVER - Ownage Pranks
 indyaaf Why you like the Walmart version of me better than me
 ZOË  DOG  FOOD - Save  2.00 on Zoë Dry  Dog  Food any size/flavour, available at Walmart, Canadian Tire, Sobeys.... 
Walmart: BIC Simply Soleil Razors – Only  .27 
 FatKidDeals any word on why Walmart is cancelling some people's orders for the snes?
someone brought a baby pig to walmart. it's cute don't get me wrong, but why 🤔
probably the thing im gonna miss most about working at walmart is that i get to hear burning down the house 5 times a day
Why is it so hard to find damn steel tip darts???? Walmart sold out, target sold out, Dicks sold out.
Walmart developing facial recognition technology 
 RealSaavedra  justonepatriot Since Washington Post and Amazon all owned by same person, I'm switching from Amazon… 
Getting bikes for the girls (  Walmart Supercenter)  Yelp  Yelfie 
Walmart so packed ..
 savannahadams23 Walmart
remember me fondly I'm probably going to die in this Walmart with limited/no service while waiting on family
Cashier/Sales Associate - Walmart - Fort Worth, TX 
 DaddyBoJangles I got my preorder in at Walmart and thats fine. Would prefer Amazon on Gamestop but I would rather… 
i bought the cutest rug at walmart today for  10 i love a good deal when i see one!!! 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart's Website Sells A Wig Cap Described As 'N----r Brown'
Walmart is making their employees wear bright yellow capes now and i can't stop crying 😂
We're gone for the day, but collections and donations continue through 8/5/17! Donate at any Southern Colorado… 
 kikistardust Only Walmart had it up. Not sure how long.
Would be nice to live above Walmart 
I'm the Walmart version of safiya nygaard
So lady came and roasted me and z for smelling the candles at Walmart
 BiffTannister1 u poor but u got a job. walmart basically dropped my ass lmao
I was bouta smack the shit out them fat bitches in Walmart but I'm change person now 🙂 gotta be more positive in situations ✅
Is  Walmart trying to copy  AmazonGo by jumping into the  AI race? Well, yeah. 
BY THE WAY I AM CATEGORY A ...WALMART USED A TERRORIST CARD AND WILL NOT STOP ATTACKING ME 
 Joo0ooony Kill walmart Jon
 literallyemmy idk what walmart sells since im not american but does it sell the brand essence?
 Anubis_20  Walmart They did...
I just had a church revival with a black lady in the wine section at Walmart, followed by a hug. Yes.
i need a good lash glue i can pick up from like walmart help
Idk why I'm in Walmart looking for dinner knowing damn well I'm not eating the meat outta here
Went to Walmart today and the employees really had on capes 😭
Going to stamp out any missed days due to being sick at school this year with the help of  purell  gotitfree  walmart
These look like the walmart version of carne asada fries 
 GodBless  Polish  Voters.  Realized they had a  Trump in  office? 70,000 in  streets!  US  Voters?  Walmart! 
This is why the fish are always dead when you go look at them in walmart smh 
 spacebao  BTS_twt Thats what would happen if i worked at walmart
What do all the studs in America work at Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️ and they be fresh as a bitch in there like why 😭😭
Enter for a Chance to  Win  4,500 in Gift Card Prizes  Walmart  EckrichFlavor  Sweepstakes (7/11 to 8/18) 
If you know me, im to damn scary to shoplift candy or anything else out the Walmart. 
I always spend  100 or close to it at Walmart every trip 😩
 TinsleyWD Reason number 7 I will not shop at Walmart.
Philco PME31 Inox 31 Litros de R  499.0 por R  469.0
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Smartphone Alcatel POP4 Premium de R  759.9 por R  469.0
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
an older man wearing basketball shorts just pretended to recognize me in Walmart, asked my age and then proceeded to ask me to dinner
I literally had to fight a girl at walmart for  LanaDelRey 's new CD. I won.  LustForLife
this is just one of those days where getting dressed requires going all the way to walmart to get a fresh white tee
I'm in Walmart right now, and my feet are covered in blusters 😔😫
Okay wtf kind of Walmart is this 
Well I'd "expect him to be" more than a douchebag in a Walmart cowboy hat so I guess we both lose 🤷🏻‍♀️ 
 shero4hire NAH IF IM IN WALMART GETTING SUM BLUE BELL SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY ICE CREAM&THAT DUDE CAME DOWN AISLES 3 TIMES..ID SNEAK HIS ASS
I don't need to mention Walmart, Chanel speaks for itself 
Pleasantville Walmart is actually really nice.
Is Walmart globally sus?
Remember years Ago I was with somebody who was laughing at a person having a seizure in Walmart She was so super... 
I love our Walmart break room talks
now that I work at Walmart people really do ask some of the dumbest questions 😭

Shopper: "what aisle would the waters be on?"

🤦🏾‍♀️😂😂
Walmart I guess it is 😂😂 dawg wht
Good Samaritan's quick thinking saved life of Walmart employee who tried to stop robbery, police say 
I was gonna give a teller   Walmart my number, decided against it... now for a rousing game of "what if"
Texarkana Walmart never seizes to amuse me
when i imagine being this rich i realize i can't be seen shopping at walmart anymore 
Palmolive Ultra Dish Liquid Just  0.98 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Palmolive Ultra ... 
 TheTrillestLil go to Walmart and DYI! It's so much fun and affordable!
I made two trips to Walmart today (my least favorite place in the world) but we have blacked out curtains now and I couldn't be happier
Now I really want a buffalo chicken sandwich but Kody probably gonna get mad if I ask him to go back to Walmart 😂🤦🏽‍♀️
missed preorder opportunity for the SNES classic from walmart. went up when i was sleeping. REALLY hope the same doesn't happen with amazon.
Is this  todderic_  like wth I found this in Walmart 
 OrionListug They are a "do evil until you get caught" company. Like Walmart was until quite recently. And Bezos ru… 
 yames637  TannyDorres I think he's on the Walmart  grind
Mad props to the gramma working at Walmart with neck tatts and snake bites.
 dbs_cardgame Will GameStop or Walmart sell these?
UPDATE: I thought we were just picking up take out...we ended up at Walmart instead.
This is what I picked up from Walmart today 
 tylerthecreator they didn’t have any copies in the two walmart’s near me  rip
 DiMurphyMN WalMart?
Akron-area startup aims to fill Walmart stores with household cleaner aimed at millennials 
Shipping at the Walmart in Spanish Springs, NV. Feels like home 
bro me you & pres that one time we went to walmart 💀 
 PRT  VideoGame  PS3  Transformers: Dark of the Moon Playstation 3 
 Iroro_M Bonnet? Oh they sell in Walmart.
i take shit from my parents house to my apartment like it's walmart 😂😂
If you buy the Walmart giftcards from WalmartWishlist, It doesn't have the Visa or MasterCard logo and has 2 be... 
 TheWesleyWoods You nailed my mood 💜
Unfortunately, there must be adulting and Walmart calls. Sigh... 
why walmart be smellin like cup of noodles
A true hero is at Walmart with the no gods license plate
UCanBuyWalmartGiftcards Walmart store w/Visa logo & send them 2RandyDueck 12865 Hwy 99E RedBluff, CA 96080. Can buy used at Thriftstores
Looks like it belongs in Walmart 
walmart !
 AriannaDantone Same with men at Walmart
i said i like to get fucked in walmart while someone fists me because who doesnt 
 Skittles I battled Walmart and it's horrid parking lot for this  limeisback  itneedstostay  greenappleishorrible 
The Parent’s Choice Formula Feeding Time Summer 2017 Sweepstakes 
Dude my mom still has me in Walmart. Why do we have to know so many people 🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️
the thought of 12 year olds buying underwear and bras from pink make me so angry like tf go to target or walmart ur fucking 12
nude walmart chicks tennis players sex 
My kids are armed and ready against germs with  purell! I  gotitfree thanks to bzzagent but you can find it  walmart
Goodbye Walmart. T'was fun to say the least ✌🏼️
 sam1swift1  SarahLerner A Greeter at Walmart.
 guy_martineau Hi Guy. I'll be happy to help. Do you currently have a Walmart Market purchase billed to your account? ^Beth
why is there always so many ppl   walmart exactly when ion wanna see anybody
 lblack1969 Got it from my local walmart
i feel like people....but I hate walmart
 TheLegendP My cousin texted me the Walmart link. Did you tweet it? You are so plugged in lol
Thank you WV for allowing me to purchase wine and beer in Walmart
Waiting in line  Walmart's Money Center like 
It cracks me up seeing posts about how great this  24 fiber mascara is when my lashes look just as good with  6 Walmart mascara 😂
 DennyRants How many guys in the UFC do you hear complaining about being broke? Financially, he would've been bette… 
 LazyOaksInn  hateful_heretic  AspenDental  Walmart  GNCLiveWell  JoelOsteen Then the potassium supplement is  3 wh… 
AI Weekly: Walmart’s machine learning advantage
 beautiful  bogo  style  sky  party  selfie 
i love walmart
Wal Mart canceling pre-orders for the SNES Classic? Hahaha, not for us! ( Walmart please don't cancel our pre-order... pweease...)
 WizMommma GIRL YESSSS literally EVERYTHING is from walmart!!! earrings, choker, shirt, & shorts!! i spent  30 for… 
dc releasing the sdcc trailer for justice league online- chanel
marvel not releasing any infinity war content from sdcc online- walmart
Walmart holds my Bestfriend hostage 🙄 hate her damn job
 Kelly_Herself  Macys  SwarmApp lol I am in Burbank now at Walmart
They have tigers at the Walmart in Logan...   Walmart North Logan 
 _Iam_Victoria_ Just wait until move in weekend. And go to Walmart across the street
I'm a firm believer that correlation doesnt imply causation but I simply can't ignore the fact that every time I go Walmart, I have to poop.
Yes WE DID...and it drives them wild,like naughty children not getting what they want screaming on the floor of Wal… 
. Amazon will pass  Walmart as the top US grocer by 2030 via  businessinsider  retail 
 sadiehawke1108  snikpmis I started boycotting Walmart a very long time ago for a lot of other reasons.
 3 off BIC Simply Soleil Razors Coupon =  .27 at Walmart  freebies
Dude had a homeless sign outside of Walmart parking lot receiving cash from 9-5 left and was laughing on the phone saying I got them lol wow
guy at Walmart: hi how are you doing?
 darekapolwreaka: thank you 
g: have a good day! 
dareka: hello
lmao whut
I've always gotten car sick but lately it's more often and I bought these bracelets at Walmart to help, they put in work
Man my car just tried to play like it wasn't gonna start in that hot Walmart parking lot. I almost threw a damn fit
 wildweatherdan  RadioFreeTom I guess that's what you get for patronizing Walmart.
 Setnomessej everywhere, even like walmart in the candle aisle. At leaat thats how it is here lol
It really doesn't get more ratchet than the Walmart on 31
 elcorintio Walmart, big lots
“Thanks to the acquisition, we’ve been able to [offer] free returns, which we couldn’t afford to do beforehand.” 
Socks are an awesome way to help!... 
Commissioner Darline B. Riggs, in partnership with Walmart and 99Jamz , presents Back to School FREE Bookbag Giveaw… 
. HowieMiller explains his special (offline) connection to Walmart:  LOLCBC 
10 count Cra-Z-Art washable markers for  0.50 each at Walmart: 
tupelo walmart got everything. finna start shopping here fr 😂🤷🏾‍♀️
I have heard tons of stupid questions but today I heard number 1: do y'all have a Walmart in NC? ...while in NC
 _morgannnnnnnn TJ Maxx for the two chairs, the end tables are from Walmart, and I'm honestly not 100% sure where the couch is from!!😋
What the heck Walmart!!😂 
 wildweatherdan  RadioFreeTom Does shopping at Walmart make dumb people smarter?
All the crazies of Walmart come out on Saturday.
 kyle_wett Please reach out to us at so we can work to help. -Amber
 stephisham12 Some fucker at Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Sioux Falls, SD 
*Goes to Walmart to buy one thing*

*Buys 40 things and forgets the one thing*
She too young if she don't remember walmart used to have blue bags

But she way to young if she don't remember when bags were free
 wildweatherdan  RadioFreeTom What about H20? I bet the ding dong in the queue at Walmart doesn't think it has an e… 
Looking like a ball of barf and heading to Walmart. Don't be surprised if you see me on the people of Walmart later
 knightofservia  AshelehsA  SChandelure it was up on walmart for a whole 40 minutes which doesnt sound like much bu… 
reminds me of me and my friend omgggg (except we create dumb skits at walmart) 
The Parent’s Choice Formula Feeding Time Summer 2017 Sweepstakes   ParentsChoiceSweepstakes
Y'all I'm actually super excited about my Walmart cape
 redrev Oh I was talking about Walmart velcros. Dad hats are whack. The Velcro 1s are the ish as long as I don't see them on meme IG account
Who tf gets lost at Walmart? No one but  MLNN__ 😂😂
Greats day with  lzhernandez02 and  Febreze_Fresh at  Walmart!  client  bffs 
Happy Saturday; I backed into a cone at Walmart 🥇
 notsoniia the walmart fulfillment center! it's like a warehouse but specifically for online orders
Mobile Scan&Go from  Walmart Great way to shop! No lines. Knowing my exact total after putting every item in my car… 
Thanks to a courageous MP. Co-sponsors??  repRonKind,  SenatorBaldwin,  SenRonJohnson,  SpeakerRyan --(listening to… 
 Nintendeal It'll be hilarious to see how many of the eBay preorder sales get messed up. Anticipate Walmart cancell… 
my mother and i are at walmart and we just spent ten minutes looking for ravioli to no avail
Anyways I wanna leave my house and go shopping who wants to go to Walmart with me
 Gronku Went to ebgames, walmart and bestbuy. It's a tragedy man. ebgames didn't even have it used like smh
I got a bunch of cheap acrylic paints from walmart i hope they turn out being really good bc they were a STEAL
It's Alabama's official raid Walmart weekend.  No tax on things is helpful.
 JHall2711 It must have been when I went to Walmart last night.  You should have said hello.
 :-)
TRYING HARD NOT TO YELL IN A WALMART PARKING LOT
 Joe_Fries Walmart's cancelled a bunch of orders. Mine being one of them :/
 Walmart_Woman What happened?
Fruit punch pickles coming to Walmart  fox5atl 
I'm at  Walmart in Owings Mills, MD 
Ya mcm thinks he's a thug cuz he finessed a bottle of water from Walmart
 EllieandEdmond the vet sent me to Walmart to get one of his meds haha
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Toy Shopping at Walmart For LOL Dolls Mashems Fashems Animal Jam Baby
The apple cobbler at Hometown Buffet is enough to make shopping at Walmart and Sam's worth it 😁
Mood: sitting in the car in a Walmart parking lot belting out You're Not Sorry by Taylor Swift as rain hits the windshield
The  Walmart Produce Department almost brings me to tears! 😭 
 NicksNTricks Walmart always has them around here. Local grocery stores usually have them too.
 redrev Next y'all will be rocking Walmart silver series Velcro shoes as long as Kanye partners with and wears them.  fashionpropaganda.
New post: Target taps start-ups for technology to compete with Amazon, Walmart 
To the guy who followed me to Walmart to bitch about my driving:

Congratulations. You have made me paranoid every time a car is behind me.
What the fuck is up wit Walmart putting 120yr old Asian women on the "speedy checkout" lane ?
cassie said minseok looked like the walmart version of gdragon, I want her to choke so bad
Toy Shopping at Walmart For LOL Dolls Mashems Fashems Animal Jam Baby Alive: via  YouTube
I guess im just gonna have to get a cheap ass backpack from Walmart again this year and deal with it falling apart after 3 weeks
I don't feel like going into Walmart so my brother better deal with a gallon of milk from wawa
 LazyOaksInn  hateful_heretic  AspenDental  Walmart  GNCLiveWell  JoelOsteen Bottle of prune juice will probably la… 
 MuayyThaiChick Sorry.I'm just amusing myself.I use to live by a walmart where teen gang fights use to break out every weekend.
People watching (at  Walmart Supercenter in Portland, OR w/  angela0716) 
In our car, not everyone in the Walmart parking lot. Had to clarify.
 krmildon It was some gossip mag. Didn't pick it up, my daughter pointed out Gwen and Blake so I took a pic. We wen… 
 wyomingpd It's still a NO.  Go walk around Walmart
Walmart evacuated, but police find no evidence of gunfire - Alaskastar 
I be trying to change my ways of talking about or judging people but then I come into Walmart and that shit goes out the window
My wardrobe mostly just consists of large men shirts that I tye dyed or bought from Walmart lmao
We're in a Walmart parking lot and everyone is asleep but me. Send help please.
Great Supply Chain story:  Prices that Walmart Can't Touch 
Its crazy that walmart brand water is healthier than so called “smart” water
it's a hard candy liquid glitter liner from Walmart for like 4 it looked great at first then creased so bad I had t… 
some walmart snes classic preorders are getting cancelled but theyre telling customers the preorders were supposed to go up next week
Little boy threw a large chocolate muffin at me in Walmart..
Emily and I were in the women's restroom at Walmart and I asked her when IU goes back to school and a man replied back "August"
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART SHENANIGANS! ( DESTROYED BUBBLE WRAP TOWER)
 LazyOaksInn  hateful_heretic  AspenDental  hateful_heretic can't do  PruneJuice  walmart for  Noni  GNCLiveWell du… 
 FakeHensarling  RepHensarling  CFPB  WellsFargo  Walmart I'm sure you will.  ;)
in walmart acting a damn fool 
 2002meka  Jordan_Fisher I'm sorry love but i don't think that it was a fan event. I'm pretty sure that it was only… 
At Walmart...
Grandpa: Who's coming to dinner? 
Me: Well, Jake and...
Grandpa: *grabs another pound of hamburger meat*
I can get the same one at Walmart for  5 
 LyssaVentura07  HannahAlesi428 You can get those at Walmart too. But I was confused as to why Wish was selling pregnancy tests. 😐
Sharing: 
 CarlLandra Add these bad boys 

 Danielkills Same shit I thought. Looks like a Walmart advertisement.
 JESnowden I bought some Taco Bell fire sauce at Walmart last week
 Walmart you are a billion dollar company, you trying to say you can't afford A/C for your stores?
I swear to god I just saw Larry the Cable Guy at Walmart
. Walmart in Harlingen really trying to get sued for murder with the insane heat in that store. Like 100+ outside and just about the same in
Josh has never been to the Delaware county fair & we are headed there to get food..& he thinks Muncie Walmart south is bad 😂 home sweet home
 hugetion De Walmart al table dance!
Walmart Racist Wig Cap: The Retailer Can't Play the Victim | Fortune ... - Fortune 
 RayNarvaezJr That's how I feel bud, thinking about quitting my job right now at walmart. It's not a great job.
 SufferCSGO  _Gambledore_ Yeah I do want them like I would yell in my local Walmart FOLLOW SUFFER on twitter just to get a damn knife
 Bowen_says I've been to Walmart maybe 3 times in my life so I'll believe it when I see it
Every time I watch Mel Gibson have his Spidey-sense moment at the end of The Patriot it makes my eyes roll like Walmart prices.
 Target >  Walmart....... there I said it 
 ItzTattedTiff  tweetmesohard  twiztidfan4life I was in Walmart! In this small town where you see everybody and thi… 
 Walmart  25 Credit Online Only New Accounts --> 
 keirmac12  x2002srf It karma for not coming to the walmart mcdonalds, where i was working today
And Walmart scrubs the reason you itching lol
 wildweatherdan  radiofreetom Pretty sure at Walmart, it's just called a "line"
 TrueKROOO Walmart
 maddychec I haven't had that one!! Sounds so good!! Walmart usually has them all. If you are willing to go there.
Told myself I wasn't going to spend money **goes to Walmart spends  40*** 😪😪🙄
 JohnLPitts Do you think the bun came from Walmart or a gas station?
 wildweatherdan  RadioFreeTom Oh those women at Walmart. Sigh.
Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp: Having lived in Cooper City from 2002 until 2014, I enjoyed this Walmart much more be… 
nude smut girl with big boobs having sex in walmart porn video 
SNES CLASSIC PREORDERS ON SELL OUT IN 25 MINS ON 7/21/17 WOW  Walmart  nintendo  PreOrder  
Where's the "you're about to b my ex husband, but I still have to buy u a fucking card for your birthday " section at Walmart?
 Kameaio_ Fuck house of photography. Tell aunty Casey take you to the beach and take pics with her camera or iphone… 
What I left at Walmart  kpop  monstax  mx  stantalent 
 Miniyah8 No we haven't, and vontae said Walmart they  3
 Terroriser  walmarthelp Really, you had to fuck it up didn't ya Walmart
Deals: Farberware Electric Skillet, 11", Black  9.99 (
white white white and that one guy that looks like a walmart version of robbie rotten 
Has Walmart upped their shoe game or have I crossed an age threshold?
That same shirt cost  5 at Walmart......guess how he feeling? 
 ldrgtz Gold he visto en walmart
You Found It! Levitra Walmart Cost - 
Not sure if  Walmart knows what a top is 
me: trying to save money
also me: I think it's reasonable to spend  40 on snacks at Walmart
my dad told me that when i was younger, the job i wanted to have when i grew up was the people that greet others walking into walmart
MEET THE WALTONS: How America's wealthiest family spends its Walmart fortune 
Mission accomplished!! Very last Walmart retail shift on my tour complete!! We totally went out… 
Something I learned in my article research: Walmart bought ModCloth. I missed that news.
Cramer: A Combined Walmart and Microsoft Could Stick It to Amazon  -
Interesting idea via  TheStreet
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
 WizMommma WALMART CAN U BELIEVE IT!!!
I was acting a fool in Walmart like always and hurt my neck so bad! Legit cried in the middle of the aisle while my parents laughed at me...
 Anubis_20  Walmart Yeah, I was charged last night
Just went to Walmart with Casey
Don't get all self righteous on me if your church operate like a Walmart.
 _DiscreteView Like a Chanel Leo vs Walmart Leo. Better quality lol
I fucking love WalMart!!
Thank you  Walmart for covering my admission to  crystalbridge museum 
 BougieVyntage Why am I not surprised it was Walmart 😣
I'd rather never eat ice cream again than go to Walmart.
Maybe transferring Walmart's was a bad idea..I have no friends here😂
Rest In Peace , now we gotta take the shuttle to Walmart 😂😂  _ericaisabarbie
A scaling upwards of Walmart employees on public assistance:  
walmart nude sexy girls shake 
I get road rage in Walmart
i'm at walmart and sneezed and some lady three isles down yelled bless you
Twitter Applauds 86 Year Old Jewel Thief Caught Stealing From Walmart 
EASIEST SCHOOL SHOPPING EVER! Plus, I saved a ton. 
If advise anyone who needs a good highlighter on a budget. This baby is  5 at Walmart 💎 
People in walmart get more weird everyday 🤦🏾‍♀️
 AlabamaActivist she'd get MAYBE 1 out of 500 which would be same-sex marriages...how much alcohol + sex stuff does… 
Today I witnessed a hit & run in the Walmart parking lot lol
 Walmart, you guys double charged me on multiple items for my daughter's 1st birthday party and you are refusing to refund me.  walmarthelp
I wanna give a shout out to  Walmart in clarksville for not helping me out yesturday! Larry at  BestBuy did.  YouRockLarry  ARaise4Youplease
 Gleaaq We would be happy to help! Contact us at so we can look into getting the items you want in-store. -Amber
 walmart Loved your staff's superhero theme. We need to talk! We've got something you just might like.… 
I love when people I know come into Walmart and talk to me
WALMART BRAND WATERBENDING 
I will never do Instore pick  Walmart again. The shit is too unorganized & mfs just put whatever in your package like you ain't gone notice
  Walmart can we plz get buggies that actually roll in a straight line sent to Troy, Al? I'm tired of playing bumper cars w everyone I pass
Walmart ( We are not making joke about Walmart right ?😰) VS Channel 
 arkcub Walmart
just saw my boy billy at walmart with his camo crocs 😻✊💯
 Miyah_T Target, Chipotle, Walmart, Jamba Juice, Starbucks, and Marshalls!
 Walmart can you guys sell GOT7 or any Kpop albums? Please ^^ 
I cannot relate to people who are compelled to fly a giant flag on a pole from the back of their truck. I visualize them storming a Walmart.
some old lady stole my mom's cart and everything in it while she was in the bathroom at walmart. love this world i live in.
 TurnCoat_Dirty  Perfect song to listen to when you are in Walmart!! And you don't want to be social!! 🔫 
I'm behind the most beautiful black woman at a Walmart in Cleveland she's so perfect
 MuayyThaiChick I will probably stand outside the walmart in the hood and watch fights for free until someone yells policia.
Butttt I went to Walmart. So the grind continues starting Monday lol.
 x_GoldieLOCKS She work at walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Norfolk, VA 
At Walmart and some dude talking bout I scrapped his truck with my cart. Man if you don't get your fat ass on 😂
 Beautiful  fitlife  lost100poundsplus  ucandoanythinguwant2ifuwantitbadenough   Walmart Rocklin… 
walmart 
Bout to go to Walmart 🙄
Walmart brand 
 Dylan_Kneiszel Walmart can do anything
 Ballistikitty Exactly. I don't want to design something and see it end up at Forever 21 or Walmart, for example. I… 
If you come to Walmart to steal DO. NOT. ACKNOWLEDGE. ME.
as much as i abhor walmart.... theres a 20  difference on water piks there than target....
I'm at Walmart & a girl walked up to me & said "omg you're so pretty!!!" Y'all that made my day 😩💖
Walmart in a classy part of Orange County has covered parking, y'all. 
time for my annual visit to the local walmart's rod and reel combo section
 AlabamaActivist i mean, if a catholic cashier at walmart refuses to sell condoms, cuz she wants to save her soul, that's ok, right?
I paid  12 towards this woman's items in Walmart the other day & today someone paid  30 for me at Costco. Awwwll
I like to wear a tweed jacket and a bowler hat to Walmart. 

No pants, just the jacket and hat. . . Oh, & sneakers, to outrun the cops.
 WillWheatleyy Walmart
 _thot_sam  BestBuy went up on Walmart. Mistake made. Chill out keyboard cowboy.
nude site with women of walmart has theme 2guy 2 women sexy sex 
I TOLD ON YOU..I GAVE U TONS OF CHANCES...UR DONE WALMART WE HAVE MURDERS 
ive been dying a lot in my dreams like in one my brother was chasing me down in a walmart to kill me
 Walmart If you fucked up, then say so. Don't feed us bullshit.
tank tops, t shirts, that part, walmart
 lauren_token Walmart is  9/hr and you move up to  10/hr after 90 days
I had to buy a second carseat so I got stuck singing this at Walmart 
 AlecieJo Yes a Walmart bag and press potato and bam ya have a baked potato 😂
Hey  Walmart, don't send me a cancelled order email claiming my payment info was bad after you took my money for an SNES Classic.
Hello  AskAmex Do Walmart Neighborhood Market purchases count as groceries or general merchandise purchases?
Never seen a switch crash website's like the snes classic did for Amazon and Walmart
I'm at  Walmart in Pleasanton, CA 
 Joeymzman WALMART
 NinWire  NinWire No alert last night for the  classicsnes preorder at Walmart?  disappointed  byebyenotifications
walmart's six sexiest women pictures from playboy min sex 
If you think your day is going badly, I just dropped a gallon of milk on the floor in Walmart and it exploded. All over me.
Just a warning do not go to Walmart on a Saturday every asshole is there
 aussieinTO  TheDez Peterborough. Because we all wanted to know what Walmart would be like if it was a city.  ptbo
 Derreckcarrillo  Wario64 I have had my Walmart account for a few year now and order every so often. Including an o… 
daniel's mom just made me cry tears of joy in walmart <3
Go in to Walmart for milk.. come out with hella more shit 😩😩
So apparently Walmart opened their SNES Mini preorders early, but they haven't cancelled mine so I think I'm in the clear???
 Imanih22  MurderJu Walmart
Walmart 
Walmart is such a shit hole fuck this I'm going to target
Hub said let's go to Walmart & Em says "ew no, let's go to Target!" That's my girl!😉
Now available at 
CHANEL VS WALMART 
Can I pls leave and go to Walmart
I even bought som sports bras, and a few boy shirts. Cause, seriously, Walmart needs to stock up on their large sizes women clothing.
FREE Hormel Rev Wraps at Walmart, Homeland & Crest! 
Back To College Rollback Sale at Walmart -  0.00 
 Katy_crismon Omg Walmart temps me so bad😡😡😡😡 grrr. But I shlove you and the DQ 😘
SNES Classic Walmart Preorder: Is Super Nintendo Mini available again? Are orders being canceled? ..  منارة_التقنية 
I'm at  Walmart in Union City, CA 
When you go in Walmart for 1 small thing and u end up finding this 
Because of not leaving condo & watching  TheOpen since early this morn I now find myself in this zoo called Walmart at 2:30 Sat aft 😳🙈
 Descendants2 Evie's Fashion Book on shelves at Walmart. 
 Tech SNES Classic Walmart Preorder: Is Super Nintendo Mini available again? Are orders being canceled? - Mic 
 lilpump runs walmart
 Walmart Raises The Stakes Against  Amazon To The  Cloud  chriskern67 
 ohthatsdionna Lmaoooo Walmart it is
I forgot how much I hated Walmart
 avianbones for  8 at walmart - stocking up on them might help bc then you have endless ways to bolster/support around your body!
I find it funny how every place we travel to there is a walmart
 ok  walmart this is  fucking  ridiculous  racist  bullshit ever like..........  cmonson like… 
Motherfuckers at Walmart do NOT know how to act!! 😡😤
Walmart is the annual greeting place for people you use to know
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Monaca, PA w/  tturner122 
My sis and I found these in Walmart 
Keep your kids happy and healthy with Purell. Always have a bottle on hand.   PURELL   GotItFree  Walmart. Can't leave home without it.
. walmart’s scheduling rules are heartless. Get sick or need to care for a loved one? It’ll cost you.  paidleave
 notarolemodel My battery died in the middle of nowhere at 2 am, stranger took dh to 24 hr Walmart to get a battery.
Shout out to the guys at Walmart who just helped me put my groceries in my car so I didn't have to stand in the rain any longer 💕🌻😌
 esoshift I'm going to see about getting an appt in the next week at Walmart since I don't have insurance
AI Weekly: Walmart's machine learning advantage   socialMarketing  entrepreneur
 RadioFreeTom Climate physics expert I know was told by a woman in a Walmart queue that CO2 had nothing to do with Earths temperature.
Don't know if anyone is still trying to get a Nintendo Switch but there were seven (7!!) at the Walmart in East Stroudsburg
 laurenn_bakerr WALMART MEN? And yea I'm serious it looks pretty lame to me
I DON'T RUN USA GOVERNMENT SO WHAT U DO WITH WALMART IS UP TO YOU SINCE THEY REFUSE TO STOP ATTACKING PEOPLE AND WE… 
Walmart check out lines are booty rn
 _tatiaallyy In Greeley they stopped me outside of Walmart in the snow to tell me about female Jesus 😑😑😑
 Walmart hate when your employees don't want to help at all
They put a Walmart on the Murch?!
I think I saw that exact same shirt at Walmart on the clearance rack last week....🤔🤔🤔 
I lost Daniel's mom in Walmart. 😭
I literally went on to the Walmart app to check and see what type of ink the family printer took and I ended up buying a printer. 🙄
It's stupid to believe that a multi billionaire will rock Walmart clothes.
See if I was rich I wouldn't be doing no dumb shit like this 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️ looks like the mens shirts that I be seeing a… 
Walmart Hydrogen Trucking | Keith Bare | Pulse | LinkedIn  PLUG  Walmart 
Guess I'll go get me a milkshake from cold stone after I go to Walmart
Gotta love getting kicked outta Walmart. Apparently they will take my money but I can't park  for an hour wtf 
 NiceGuyAlexx ok u right walmart men tbh
north county walmart probably smells like curdled tampico, scalp, & newport box 100s.
 bburbank Maybe try Walmart? They'll do returns even if you didn't get it there sometimes (frosty fries are delish)
 MrMariofan1111  hec_stylez  grizzlystation  Walmart Lmfao
Limaland anglers place high in Walmart Bass Fishing League (BFL) circuit 
I tried to order one of those SNES Classics last night, but Walmart was too jammed up.
Just saw a woman at walmart leave her cart in the parking lot and was overcome by a mixture of contempt and also understanding bc walmart
I love coming to Walmart 🙃
 danyulzz Walmart, they are just serving utensils!!
Shoutout to the random old man who cracked a joke in the bread aisle at Walmart today. Ur the only thing that kept me from fully losing it
People Are Sympathizing With This Walmart Worker Who Now Has To Wear A Cape At Work 
You know you live in  tennessee when it’s not even august yet and  Walmart has the  summer stuff on clearance
yep.. i'm sure north county walmart smells so bad right now tho.. 
I'm cryin in the club (Walmart auto service waiting area)
 fuckinnTHUG stop fucking up peoples ankles at walmart 😠😂
 burningcandIes ANYTHING IS WALMART VS GUCCI COMPARED TO TT
 TheYoungPrincee Uh 🤔 I don't own men underwear but I'm sure you can get some from Walmart
Ha...walmart bribery case CLOSED!! I predicted it in writing as soon as the news became public! Mera Bharat Mahaan! Hum sadaa pareshaan!
It's a late post for my Target & Walmart Hot Wheels Friday haul  gasmnation  I was happy to find… 
my mom and i went to walmart and all the staff immediately spoke to us in spanish and english to other people but tfw we only speak english
He paying too much I get my brunello at Walmart 
 cat_domingo Me in Walmart last night
 JulianAssange  mlong42947 I order from Walmart these days
I am going to tell you a story about an epic quest for an air conditioner. 

Home Depot: No
Walmart: Negative
Sears: Strike 3
 JackIngram  JasonIsbell Jack, YOU'VE made your own from the get-go. I first met you playing a gig inside a clothin… 
They have switchs at walmart if only i had the money 
Balloons are  1 at dollar tree, flowers are  4.88 at Walmart & Winn Dixie, chocolate bar is 1.39 ITS LESS THAN  10 to make me lose my tude 🙄
I just walked into Walmart in New York and had a panic attack there are too many people I just can't do it 😭
Me: what are you going to do when you grow up?
Little cousin: work at Walmart and be the president
I play on PC so there's a walmart 15 miles away if that counts.
RIALTO has Walmart 

 😤 
*me leaving because all these walmart conspiracy theories got me geeked and Im tryna save myself from dying unlike… 
AI Weekly: Walmart’s machine learning advantage  digitalchange   AI 
 yelyahwilliams chanel vs walmart 🌿 
I liked a  YouTube video Most Stubborn WalMart Employee EVER - Ownage Pranks
I could've been home from Walmart by now but I decided to take a nap 90% of the day
 snake_friend Just called walmart and the Rep said my order went through and won't be cancel . As for as other peop… 
 sxpjoel Walmart
 hec_stylez  JayvinBrada  grizzlystation  Walmart nah we're all having peaceful conversation except u
Re Walmart: Do you want W.M. Corp. to kick the criminals, vagrants & scammers off their property?
psa:if you live in the lynn haven area, bring zaxby's to the jewelry department in walmart
Every kid's dream:  Testing toys for Wal-Mart!  bentonville  walmart  johnqhammonscenter  … 
 MMckenrick21 Walmart
amateur video sex girls of walmart porno 
My daughter asked my son to get some bubble wrap at Walmart to keep her stuff safe for the move back to Miss State.… 
You don't need to caress each other in the Walmart check out line.
fuck it am going to walmart am hella hungry
this girl a walmart had a  chamaeleon on her shoulder... like wtf becky leave it at home
I liked a  YouTube video HARRASSING PEOPLE AT WALMART W/ CHRIS & QUEEN
 manda_beks Isn't it awesome? Sometimes I do it at Walmart so I can also look at toys. Might explain why I'm shopping alone still 😂
I'm at  Walmart_br in Belo Horizonte, MG 
 TJMcKimmey  Wario64 I called Walmart and they told me that my order went through and I won't be getting a cancella… 
Chanel VS Walmart??? 
Optimus Prime Walmart
27 Hilarious Walmart Photos That Got Me. They Got Me So Good. haven't laughed this hard in a long time!  
I think Walmart must get their blueberries from a different farm, than Country Grocer. Walmarts blueberries are small & not as tasty. 😫
3 kids + restaurant + Walmart = drinking the rest of the evening!
Tackling that Back To School list? Grab this deal on Kleenex at Walmart!  walmart  kleenex  couponcommunity 
linda leal miller So not complaining. but why was I able to buy. Part Of the Bargain today. Not due out till August 25th . At Walmart store
 hec_stylez  BradysBuzz  Walmart Hm. that's an oddly shaped W
I HAV E TO GO TO WALMART IMA CRY
Cole just looked at me and said "do you want to go to Walmart and buy stuff we don't need?" 😂
Apparently  Walmart doesn't have associates checking customers out w/ purchases   night now? SB says he won't be buying there because o th !
i'm so tired g. my mom woke me up and made me drive to walmart to get groceries. i look tired and disheveled
When you realize the SNES classic edition was available to pre-order yesterday from Walmart but didnt see the notification until now 😭😭😭
 murillo1556  longluong_3  isaagrij  laugen_jenessis Are you seriously leaving me with the Walmart, 99¢ Isaac 😭
It's normal for a 17 year old to want to be pushed around in a carriage at Walmart every once in a while right?
 briianna_lynnn Wanna meet at Walmart ?
What I just bought at Walmart: 50 piece screwdriver set, air freshener, avocados, WD- 40, socks and a gatorade.  capitalism
 Iifepost Try checking in Walmart ...
Ik vind een  YouTube-video leuk: Chef loses right hand to meat grinder; Shark found dead in Walmart shopping
Now I'm feeling silly after work😜 Walmart is a crazy place to work, I tell ya. LOL
Went to Walmart with my mom and she made me buy my own socks wtf
 ouicoquetry not cool Walmart 
 dedrickk_ Fuck imagine Walmart here sold that😂😂
Was buying school supplies from Walmart today and the guy asked me if I was a teacher or a parent...😳 NEITHER THANK YOU BYE
 jamesdecker2006  shinyribs Like a pay as u go walmart phone
I asked Brock to get an onion when he goes to Walmart & he said "well how does one buy just one single onion?" 😂😂😂🤦🏽‍♀️
KNOW YOUR PROTEIN 
Forgot to buy bananas   Walmart so I went back in line just to buy some, I finished paying then SOMEONE STOLE MY BoeingNANAS. WE WERE ALL SHOOK
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Desloge, MO 
At this moment in time anybody can get beat the fuck up so please somebody say some dumb shit cause Walmart done did it for the day !
 HoesLoveJoeDirt Im posted right in hillsborough Walmart register 11. Lol
I liked a  YouTube video HSR 56 Centennial From Eastgate Square to Walmart
 Walmart Is there an official statement on the status of SNES Classic order cancellations? Was the pre-order listing a mistake?
You can now donate  schoolsupplies right at the register at the  Walmart stores at Valley View, Bonsack, and Clearb… 
Walmart: Schick Disposable Razors Only  0.97 at Walmart! on  bloglovin
Love this amazing scent! t lasts all day long and doesn't leave residue. Get it at Walmart.  Influenster  SecretAtW… 
Pretty sure I just saw Avril Lavigne's doppelganger working as a store associate in a walmart in upstate NY
 LordHughes yo thot ass needs a sugar daddy for walmart clothes????
I am back at home. Who ask how I know? Because I am at Walmart.
 PlayOverwatch I got this for the widow noire skin and i was scammed by Walmart, it didn't even come with a case!!!… 
i wonder whose fundig this walmart, the people or lu? 
Walmart is developing a robot that identifies unhappy shoppers. Is this the future of  CX? 
 FlatteringRam now we must *eats walmart late nite cravings frozen food items-* pay the ultimate price
 Walmart school shopping for my son-your site is not helping. I go to men's skinny jeans & put in his size it chang… 
Joel downloaded a toolbar that has a homepage that takes you to Walmart's website.
.
.
This is heavy, Doc.
Lets go down to walmart and I will find someone that can prove this wrong. 
he's the walmart uzi just like sahbabii is the walmart young thug 
My entire purchase at Walmart was 50% off.  Thanks "Self-Check Out"!
 shelbywehrle Saw him & Dalton in Walmart today, he is sooooo big & cute! (Weston) lol
SNES CLASSIC PREORDERS ON  WALMART SELL OUT IN 25 MINS ON 7/21/17  via  YouTube  nintendo  snes  hype  retro
Why is Walmart making their employees wear capes? Acting like they're heroes for working there or something 😂
Making a  Walmart run, who needs anything?  RAGBRAI
 ayeimbeau nigga now i know good and damn well aint nobody seen your crusty ass in walmart ok? ok
I watched a conspiracy video on walmart, I can never unwatch it now
Fuck Walmart today bro😂🖕🏽
Back at it again at the super walmart
Any update on the snes from Walmart any more ppl get canceled?
 jasminevaldez01 It's a Walmart brand  13 reasons why
I need batteries for my sticks but don't feel like going to walmart
 VtheEsquire You going to Walmart?
yo. all the girls yall call "thick" are the ones that are gonna end up riding those scooters around walmart when they 45
They're playing Fleetwood Mac in Walmart, watch my cart pls 
DC is the walmart version of Marvel
 bayjaystylesss bought AJ Style at Walmart awesome yes. 
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Walmart releases fruit punch-flavored pickles, for some reason  Walmart 
 Porterhouse0  Walmart The Boardman one is the worst too.
 maiahasiel and Rebecca on groupme like "anybody wanna take a Walmart trip after the meeting" 
 Tennisprojoe1 hells yes, grocery shopping at Walmart after a 9 hour shift is my jig
i go to walmart just to sit in my car alone in the parking lot way too often but oh 🐳
Video of a 2015 Z06 spotted on the road: Watch Here's A 2015 Corvette Z06 Prototype Just Hanging Out At Walmart 
 3lizxbeth It's just like the people who go to Walmart "for fun"
Hey Walmart, here’s the startup that inspired the thing Amazon just launched 
SNES CLASSIC PREORDERS ON SELL OUT IN 25 MINS ON 7/21/17 WOWSERS!  SNESCLASSICWALMART: via
Kids are messy!  UnleashTheCleanSquad with Free rebate offer from  Walmart  ad  
I'm hearing Walmart cancelled a lot of pre-orders for SNES. Keep an eye out on your email. Good luck everyone!
 DeyCantStandHer I'm going off airline right across the freeway from that Walmart on crosstimbers
 CubeApril  cspranklerun Target, Walmart, CVS is entirely the LAST place I'd go for good quality. I've been 100% ha… 
oh god WalMart wtf...this water bottle.. [via 
When your preference goes from Walmart to Market Street because the money's good and you are without begging ass kids  PraiseTweet
hbo porn 101 sexy girls at walmart 
 agentbizzle 10ish. I was 19, hungover in a Walmart McDonald's for breakfast - felt it and panicked, couldn't find… 
Ready to give this Walmart shit a rest.
They trying to hide "the WALMART BOOTY" lmao I g 
 Walmart has all your camo-attire needs covered!!! 
Retail therapy ... (at  Walmart Supercenter in Louisville, KY) 
 Nintendeal  Target I was lucky enough to snag one with Walmart.  I suggest signing up for alerts. Good luck, all.
I entered the  GoAndGrowAtWalmart &  SheSpeaksUp giveaway for a custom photo book from Walmart Photo (
why he look like walmart brand slim shady tho 
Lysol All Purpose Cleaner Lemon Breeze 32 Ounce Only  2.27 via SwagGrabber - has the ... 
 AdvanceAuto Do you price match Walmart?
Just dropped a 12 pk. of Dr. Pepper in Walmart and it exploded everywhere. Nothing could represent my week better.
 Liv_Kemmerer BUT we have a mcdonalds and a Walmart so it's a nice little town
 aaronreckgiveaway  areck0001 giveaway for a 50. 
I haven't been to Walmart so early in the day for a good while😂
A man's shirt said "I'm proud to be a redneck and white trash" as I went into Walmart.
I hate going to walmart
 Dannon Have Danactive probiotic drinks been discontinued? Walmart shelf is empty.
 jalensworld_ Walmart.
just left walmart with walkie talkies and a bottle of wine
Ran into  Care_uh13 in Walmart and I swear I'm the most socially awkward person ever🙄
 sarahchambord Gimme all the carbs, I was that way too today. Yelled at the boy in Walmart earlier bc I wanted a 🍔.… 
Save  2 on St. Joseph Low Dose Aspirin via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money ... 
I work at Walmart 👁 
 __rodrigo24 Walmart needs you
'Pure compassion and love': Hand-in-hand, Walmart employee helps blind man shop 
we just ended up going to walmart rip
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 7/31/2017 
 ccar795  MartinellisCo Try Walmart
 edenthecat Walmart overnight stocker.
 SageWraith  Bella_ofA  A_ofAnon  TheRickWilson Look, my tastes are wide and varied! White trash shops-at-walmart w… 
ME LAST NIGHT WHEN I RAN INTO THAT CUTE GUY FROM WALMART 
At Walmart in Indy and see a flight of two airplanes. Wonder where they're going?  OSH17 
 Ryan_1828 That reminds me, I need to go to Walmart.
Remember kids if you want to buy dead or near dead fishes come to  Walmart 
Just walked in to Walmart to get my last supplies for school... and I started bawling.
Aunty; why you putting on all that makeup to go to Walmart 😭😭 
out here in palmdale and if I don't find any oreo cereal at the walmart out here I'm gonna cry
old show porn vids nude photos of people in walmart 
The people who go to Walmart never cease to amaze me
It's my last day of vacation and for some godforsaken reason I am in a Walmart for the second time in 12 hours
Got some basic groceries for the next three or four days (at  Walmart Supercenter in San Antonio, TX) 
Magazine racks at Wegman's and Walmart tell you most of what you need to know about America: quinoa & Barcelona v hot rods & Elvis
So who wants to take ya girl to Walmart? 😅
 DollKat1 did you hear  GrimsToyShow  got kicked out of Walmart?
 MrMariofan1111  hec_stylez  grizzlystation  Walmart Same here
Fuck I need to go to Walmart but it's 4pm 🤦🏾‍♂️ too many cars
Was scared with all the posts on walmart cancelling on people.
 ChrisYoungMusic hope u came to Rogers Arkansas Walmart amp
I hate buying underwear for myself. I just want my mom to buy me a 10 pack from Walmart and be done with it.
 millerchris_ 2 carts! haha 😂 omg that was horrible. I hate Walmart especially with Stacey...
 AgnesJTrow We visited several local business and received donations to purchase the bikes. We used the donations and partnered with Walmart
Walmart built giant towers to solve the most annoying thing about online ordering — and they could  ecommerce 
 JayvinBrada  hec_stylez  grizzlystation  Walmart If my preorders are still up in like a week i'll let ya'll know about it
Finna jus go sit at walmart nd buss my plays
 walmartshoppin earn back on your walmart purchases. 
Hearing some people got their SNES preorders cancelled by Walmart. We haven't gotten ours cancelled luckily but that's still shitty...
Kylie Live 2008 Blu Ray Pop 4... Apenas R 25.00 Acesse  TV  SmartTV   oferta  desconto… 
 petwelfare411  danibostick  realDonaldTrump How do u know,she doesnt sell her stuff at Target and Walmart😉
Ugh... The Nintendo Switch is in stock at my local Walmart but I don't have the money can't do layaway. :(
excuse me for dancing in the aisles of walmart
billy joel is my man
Headed to the Oroville mall  Walmart
Walmart: Schick Disposable Razors Only  0.97 at Walmart! 
Got out of the house for a bit. Had to pick up a few things at Walmart. I don't get out much so I went. I bag to... 
i hate buying swishers from my walmart cause they look at me like mhm bitch
 imasolid11 Honestly walmart!
Catch me at Walmart with my make up popping and Nike shorts lmao
This lady comes to walmart on a daily as if it was her home lmafooo
Has a lovely scent can't wait to try it out. Roll Back prices at Walmart!  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart 
Luckily we got free water   Walmart Morrisville 
i direly need the ari by  ArianaGrande perfume in my life. i basically drenched myself with the tester at walmart. 
walmart might not see me u til like 8
 TheHoaxHotel Well while your at walmart mr hoax can you pick up some teriyaki beef jerky 😄😄😄
sexy super hero costume free nude girls of walmart 
 Walmart in order to make room for 85 rows of school supplies apparently we have eliminated pool chlorine, in CA, in July, 103 temp  fail
Guess I'll go down to the 24hr Walmart till 4 in the morning
 diggetydawgz5 SO DOES WALMART
I'm at Walmart & I'm seeing these couples walk through the parking lot. I kinda miss being boo'd up...
 hec_stylez  MrMariofan1111  grizzlystation  Walmart Then why tf does this matter so much to you 😂
Is there a ferry in your Walmart's location? 
 AciDicGamerz looked at my local Walmart then went to Florida for vacation ad pend found them there :) 
Hey  Walmart next time u wanna put guards on cart tires make sure the cart works IN THE STORE. No one helped me. BYE Off to  target
i wish taylor was here so i could make her come to walmart with me
They need to just close the Walmart in Raleigh. 🤦🏽‍♂️
 _sheateher  goldengateblond Oh Auntie Sarah.  Walmart will never be the same. 
25yrs w/American Airlines 2morow! Trying to place a order of 100pcs of Chicken at  Walmart in VillaPark,IL for Monday. Clerk said their out!
When you make eye contact with someone else normal in Walmart and you're both like "yes, hello, friend".
Got pulled aside at  Walmart for a "random" receipt check while 15 other carts got to walk right by. Hell with you and your shitty store!
 SpartyOn70 The Walmart Wolverines are irrational, delusional, obnoxious and largely unbearable to talk to.
Oh does it now.....   Walmart Richmond - Brook Rd 
Gearing up for back to school! Backpack- ✔, pencils- ✔, Purell - ✔ . We're ready! Are you ready?  Purell  GotItFree  Walmart
They are  79 at Walmart. WTF? Was he furnishing a dorm room? 
 henryb1984 You survived Walmart so you did more then tried. 👍🏼😂
 erickend Saw them at walmart. Feel dirty being in this store but I found them!
 peterstratta How's the race going? Had to go to Walmart
BE READY! Preorder the Super NES Classic!  Hot_Deals  Walmart  couponcommunity… 
Y'all.. I got these shoes from  Walmart !!! Cute ASAF 
"wanna go to walmart with me to walk around and eat donuts?" 
Nothing but facts 😭 bc I swear me and all my ppl somehow always ended up   Walmart no matter what we did before han… 
I think a lot of us are just Target people in a town that prefers Walmart ya know
Subject notebooks are 25¢ at Walmart!!! Retweet to save a college kids money
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in La Mirada, CA 
 yesitsNEIL I just look helpful, I guess, which should tell you I’m not a Walmart employee
 Paulie9990  Walmart Ok I knew some store canceled of you bought more than that
FUCK GAMESTOP GO TO WALMART
Walmart's Jet inks 'try before buy' sampling deal with BrandShare  
Me in Walmart 
Trump spotted at Walmart.. 
 FlamingoIsland Oh no!  Please contact our help desk at so that we can address this issue. - Mo
I liked a  YouTube video Another Day Another Walmart! Toy Hunt to find MLP Something! 7.6.2017
Had a very constructive conversation with the manager of the McPhillips Walmart store. Working together to create plausable solutions.
 LouCoopers  mollyshighlands You all know that Walmart. It's the place your parents met
 RikaPoppin 2. During syllabus week you may notice you have a small class. Naww everybody else either at Walmart, C… 
Walmart ✨
CEO of Walmart 
And more Joan has a sexy swimwear line coming out with Walmart next S/S 18 
 leila_rayne19 Plz I'm better then Walmart
Guess who just called? Dear ol Josh. I told him I'd check if there was a Walmart on the ferry.
The Red Booted Chicken in  Texas

Website .REDBOOTEDCHICKEN.COM

 saturdayafternoon  writing  publishing  Breaking… 
Me and my sister pull up at Walmart and this girl pull up next to her. We both was like "she look like g herbo" 😂😂😂😂
Leaving Walmart my 6yo says: 
How did Walmart get built? 
Did God build it?
Walmart sells these shoes called Jarmen (boat shoes)

They are really missing out by not creating Air Jarmens 🤾‍♂️
 JSilva714 I chwcked walmart and micheals n no luck :/
Heard the Nine Mile Walmart looks like the club back home in RVA 😂
Not even gonna lie, you put me on these good ass cheese sticcs from Walmart🐐
Tweaking In The Walmart  5 Movie Bin via  YouTube
They played something different... At .... Work.... Over the loud speaker.. At wALMART
chanel vs walmart 
so my last day at walmart is the 30th.
 sachingusain Please contact our help desk at so that we can help you with your order. - Mo
  Princeton fix the light at Walmart in tired of waiting there 30+ mins
How do you not have "ANY CHICKEN" in your store to place a party order for Monday?  Walmart  walmarthelp  WalmartToday  VillaParkIL 😡😡
 TaniaRashay Walmart
Why Walmart is building those giant towers  sarcastichiker
 Paulie9990  Walmart How many did you buy?
 septictyler why were you   walmart
Walmart is the only place I feel ok wearing sunglasses indoors
Walmart, food lion or Save Slot 🤔 decisions decisions
 kmbrlwilliams FF cosplay walmart photoshoot
Deals: 130-Pc Household Hand Tool Set  15.29 (
 Walmart  walmarthelp 

Winchester, VA 22601 (540) 667-9111
location needs to learn how to use telexon and zone isles properly
A few days ago this guy in Walmart walked up to me & hugged me, then he rubbed my stomach and just walked away. I was so confused🤔😂😂😂😂.
Huntsville Walmart having a McDonald's inside 🤷🏼‍♀️ 
i'm in walmart n i'm so hungry .
I was suppose to go to Walmart to buy things I need for college and I ended up buying a lava lamp.
 MaggieJordanACN I guess the greeter job at Walmart didn't work out.
 brrookiiee this doesn't happen at walmart 💔
 aturn5811 So sorry we aren't meeting your expectations.  Please alert management and share at so we can help.  - Mo
When the  1 most profitable company in the world thanks you for eating  Tropickles. NBD. 😂 Walmart  TasharaTV 
 Red_Formula Walmart PineSol
Bored, so I think I'll go to Walmart 🤷‍♀️
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Wilkes Barre, PA 
The Red Booted Chicken in  Texas

Website .REDBOOTEDCHICKEN.COM

 saturdaymorning  writing  publishing  Breaking… 
Watching faze booce in Walmart  MERKMUSI1C 
Some shithead is searching tweets with the Walmart and snes classic and trying to be a snarky cunt. Hope he gets hit by a car tbh
Space Race & Space 
All the Fraud 
 DeptofDefense  FBI  NSAGov  LockheedMartin  GCHQ  Walmart  cvspharmacy  bt_uk 
Check out what I found  walmart  ArchieComics  Riverdale 
 dckr_jsn Please share your concerns about product quality with us, here:  So sorry this d… 
Looking for a new  treat to satisfy your sweet tooth? I'm sure you'll find something here: 
 _Gvwdess_ 😕😕😕😕😕 we need to go to Walmart asap
 handbagprncess  Knorr I found them at Walmart. The risotto is fabulous!
 Walmart y'all just made my day 😁 ParksAndRec 
 Walmart. Brittany at your Las Vegas 5545 SIMMONS st location with a line on her cell phone laughing and texting 
I find myself getting stopped in Walmart regardless. 
 morganndeli Him after he sees Walmart don't got what he got 
 codenamesleek  CjayyTaughtHer  lovetriice_ Whaaaattttt? I've never seen a Walmart that wasn't 24 hours
Sure would be fun to have a tax-free day here in SD sometime!... 
Gauge at Walmart is the best checker ever!!! He had to scan these notebooks individually.....all 650 of them!!!!... 
Is there anywhere else to get Sinful Colors nail polish other than Walmart?
 DreamOfGenius Definitely sorry to hear this.  Please share your experience with us at so w… 
I literally have to make a shopping list for when I go in Walmart because I'll forget what I really went there for and buy all kinda shit
 irmugh  en_hahaha have you watched any youtube video in a walmart ever
 Walmart save money live the same
I just spent 80   in Walmart to keep him from crying 😭🤦🏽‍♀️
I buy 6-packs of Hanes t-shirts at Walmart and sell them to Mark Zuckerberg for a 4000% percent profit
My mom prepares for Walmart like she's going to war
 r_oneiceee Please don't get me started with her and Walmart 😂😂😂😂
 OrigamiYoda  DanielPinkwater Thanks! We also lived in SwVA for 9 yrs ( GoHokies) so we can explain even more refer… 
ever go into walmart and fart in a crippled's face like lmao where they gonna go
forgot the baby in the trunk of my car again at Walmart 
hope she's okay
 Walmart  1.23 Splenda Naturals 40ct. Sweetener at Walmart! 
Remember when they used to sell ruby slippers in Walmart
so i'm at walmart getting engine oil and this man had the audacity to say "u sure u know how to use that" like boy if u dont.....
tell me why this man came to Walmart and tried paying w a Nike gift card, idk what he thinking 😂
 djultrasonic donating school supplies, you should to!! We're here at Walmart 16503 nagadoches!… 
Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows JR9-00011 - 
IF SHOTGUNIN A 4LOKO IN THE WALMART PARKIN LOT &HITTIN ON LADIES OUTSIDE THE FITTING ROOMS ON A MONDAY MORNIN IS WRONG I DONT WANT 2 B RIGHT
Is it bad I have to tell my mom to leave the photo kiosk at Walmart so she doesn't see my pictures
Just saw Mr Badass "Open Carry" Dad with his 3-4 year old son walking untended 15 feet behind in a busy Saturday Walmart parking lot.
CBS46 reports Walmart is making their employees wear capes 
Jesus the Walmart school supply section is up and running
 BryanRichardsHP Oh no! Not up to our standards.  Please share this with us at so we can improve. - Mo
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the sottom sh lf at Walmart?
sexyyy porn women men pic of naked girls of walmart 
At Walmart Talk To me 
Walking behind a guy at Walmart

Stops dead in his tracks beside another cart

I sigh so that he knows Im annoyed 

He turns around

🤷🏻‍♂️
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pullman, WA 
Sam's club is just a Walmart for rich people 😂
Update: I went to Walmart with no bra on. Big mistake. Made eye contact with a few old creepy men. 

Tip to self: always wear a bra
So, who is the genius that th;ught it would be qise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
i just eyefucked some guy in walmart dnshsjsjsj
I liked a  YouTube video TRAPPED INSIDE A TOILET PAPER FORT IN WALMART!!!
Don’t Miss This RARE  1/1 Pepsi Fire Coupon = 20oz Bottle ONLY 50¢ at Walmart + More 
I've made many mistakes in my life but the biggest one might have been going to Walmart at this time.
 blakesweirdo WALMART HBU
 darrenhester85  kickzfuego  FatKidDeals Salty much🤷🏽‍♂️

It's Walmart G, I'm sure the return policy still works 🙃 
this lady's shirt in Walmart says "running late is my cardio" and I relate to that so much 😂🤷🏼‍♀️
 jmur20  Skinny_Vinny  Walmart I was able to order 2, so I did.
 ReTweet  Cat  Furniture  Molly and Friends 86 The Alleyway Cat Tree 
This is what 2.5 miles walking around in Walmart looks like on a rainy day… 
 TheMuscleManMal What happened at Walmart Malcolm?
Feels weird at Walmart  TheBachelor
Walmart on cleveland is full of shit
So it's walmart again...what about trumps daughter and he himself.Tons ship in from overseas.Hypercrits.
 edtheguy101  ManUtd Walmart have any?
 midwesturn Meijer is just a better Walmart imo. No reason for me to step foot in Walmart here lol
 gracemchr Walmart is my FAVORITE for bows
Boycott  DumpKelloggs and Walmart And Any Company That Is Liberal 
This is actually something they can have.  Go on Walmart, keep it lmao 
Questioning the results of my biometric screening  QuestDX this morning. A homemedics bathroom scale from Walmart is the best you can do?
 xoxo_briee  AlainaNicole17 Plzzzz take me to walmart I'm in need of sugar
It's picnic time! Bring my Strawberry Chicken Salad Sandwich Wraps &  BlueLizardSun  ad 
Purell hand sanitizer beats the germs 
 PURELL,  GotItFree,  Walmart
I gotta go get my snacks for the week for work 🤦🏾‍♂️ Walmart run
You never know who you're going to meet when you shop at Walmart.  peopleofwalmart 
 nuke718 Well he's really screwed because he turned into Walmart 😂
Guys. 😭A NEW LEASH ON LOVE is in my LOCAL Walmart. 😭😭😭. May or may not be tearing up by myself in the book aisle. 😭… 
 ATakacs44 Walmart lol
 hec_stylez  MrMariofan1111  Walmart  mrmario If he still gets his though, that's dope. I hope it was only a few of us that got cancelled.
walmart people are trash took forever to help this old lady take her groceries out so i helped i feel so much better now omg
Literally saw the same exact bows I got Kaia at Walmart in a pack of two for  2.50 for  16.95 each at a boutique in Galleria lmao 🤦🏼‍♀️
It should be illegal how hot  Walmart keeps their stores in the summer!! Uncomfortable for the staff, and customers too!!
If one more person points out Walmart in the background I swear
I always witness the weirdest shit go down at the Belmont Walmart
 MrMariofan1111  hec_stylez  grizzlystation  Walmart Nah he’s just a little salty because his got cancelled
Contrary to popular belief I don't enjoy being complimented in the middle of a Walmart parking lot by a shirtless man...
Walmart brand version of Rob zombie needs to figure out his own mental illness before commenting on others 
WorkChoice 1-Outlet Wi-Fi Indoor Switch Just  9.88 via Couponing to Disney - has ... 
Walmart you're making the impulse part of this purchase exceedingly difficult
Please  emoji me back!  Digiworld   Walmart 
En WalMart 😊
Whatever you do, never wear a red shirt in Target or navy shirt in Walmart. You will be consistently stopped.
There really be some weird ass mfs in Walmart
I need to go to Walmart to find them!! 
 Walmart Oh good...dirty diaper next to my car in the parking lot 👍  Walmart 
When I was 17, I had a mental breakdown in Walmart because I couldn't find my mom... 😅 
I received  10 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
I just spent 30 minutes digging through a bin at walmart trying to find "The Princess Bride". INCONCEIVABLE
Bounce Dryer Sheets 34-ct. 97¢ at Walmart After Coupon OR Cash Back! via ... 
Just got thrown out of Walmart with  TheBrandonHodge  TheMuscleManMal and  kamakozzygts LMFAOOOO
Only have had my  Walmart 20year anniversary pin for about 3weeks. Fell off my vest today & I have no idea where it is. All is lost ☹️😭😱
 MrMariofan1111  Walmart I did it right after they announced, so like 8:35 pst
It amazes me how I'm 20 years old & I still manage to get lost from the people I can into Walmart with.
 Walmart  AmazonToys  ToysRUs  Staples Donations will be for infant school in Jamaica in dire need
 thetimtracker  TheJennTracker saw these in  asda (UK WalMart) and thought of you guys after last nights vlog! 
Chase fell asleep on the way to Walmart oh baby no imma wake his ass up n keep him up til 7
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Shakopee, MN 
 chadwl_ walmart
How I feel at Walmart 
I don't think Alex and I can come to Walmart and not spend  200+ lol
Sometimes I go to Walmart with my Marc's shirt still on and I get asked the same question smh 
A Indian man now tell his wife (she have on a mid thigh shorts and a t shirt) that she's "not dressed to go to Walmart" 

LMAO y'all wilding
 septictyler Okay 1) thank you💙 2) you're voice is so cute what 3) you have really nice teeth btw envious 4) was th… 
Waiting for babe to get off (at  Walmart Supercenter in Virginia Beach, VA) 
 hec_stylez  MrMariofan1111  Walmart Woah woah woah. What's going on here?
 MikaylaSands16 Elf!!! It's literally like 2  at Walmart and I love it
Lana Parilla is just the Walmart version of Lana de... — they aren't even in the same industry but GO OFF  
 Walmart  amazon Yeah, I'm sure you're really sorry. 🙄 
Where To Buy Garcinia Cambogia at Walmart - 
Seeking donations of school supplies,teaching aids and toys.. Walmart  AmazonToys  ToysRUs  staples
 Walmart so i guess i'm sorry  Walmart for being a new customer??? i'm sure  amazon won't have any problem taking my money though :)
You cant beat this deal Boost Nation.  Walmart has Event chairs for  5.37  OrangeEverything  GetSome  NRSP&G_ESeaton… 
Just found a Switch for little brother at WALMART of all places. Thank u for blessing me today, Reggie  NintendoAmerica
HAHAHAHAHAHA auto center at Walmart said I needed to get 3 tires replaced...

how about we do one? 😳
Walmart cancelled my snes classic -_-
😭😩😞School supply list + Walmart = Tears!!!  😞😩😭 
 datewitdivinty Dude it's horrible by Walmart and Dutch bros 🙄
speculation says my SNES Classic was cancelled by  Walmart cause i set  up a new acct to order it, since i've never online ordered from them
I'm at  Walmart_br in Campinas, SP 
Those Walmart capes are killing me😂😂😂😂
Dear  Walmart how rude!!! What gives you the right to criminalize your customers? I will not show you my receipt!  unhappy  disappointed
Wow, it's 100 degrees today-   Walmart Morrisville 
We spent last night sleeping in a Walmart parking lot in Swift Current SK.  Upgrade  OntarioOrBust 
 RickKaufman1  405streetoutlaw  IMS Mind if I steal that idea? The WALCAR cup....traveling the country to a differe… 
 AshleyGloria I bought you something from a Walmart in Montana 🤣😂🤣😂🤣
 Walmart Weekly Ad  Coupon Match Up (7/23-7/29)  SuaveBeauty  Dove  DoleTweets 
Walmart is out of plant cages this is homophobia
SO, we all know we wanna be a freak in the sheets.... but don't be silly wrap your willy with these condoms that ca… 
ok walmart sucks
 jonlval See I told you , I saw her at Walmart there was a lot of cops ..
 gotitfree  walmart  purell got my purell hand sanitizer, go get yours! Stock up before school
 KristianTrevino Cause I was at Walmart
Olay is now roll back in Walmart! Love this body wash ! 😍  influenster  contest  olayatwalmart 
 Walmart you should bring twice albums in stores
Just posted a photo   Walmart Morrisville 
 UHlexax3 Buy an aloe plant from Walmart right now and start sleeping w the aloe on your face
This lady at Walmart almost hit me with her shopping cart.... y'all know I had to say something 😂
 DsFiery Why are you at Walmart?
 IDontBlog Walmart & airports & beaches. All are my favorite...
 emilyr627 Some guy at Walmart told me there was no way I was older than 17 🙃😂
 verge  VerizonMessengerPlus  SpyWiz & ETC Has2B DESTROYED IN/4 PHONE CARRIERS&THEIR 3RD PARTIES( Walmart  BestBuy… 
 HeelWillMahoney I've never had that kind of luck at my Walmart... They're usually a few series behind and only get one or two at a time
Not sure what is worse....getting waterboarded or shopping at  Walmart ...  scumoftheearth
Save up to 75% on patio & garden at Walmart: 
 Jus2Xtreme With you there! Tired of seeing walmart
 RogueThomasWR  TWRailway This is why I'm thankful my Walmart only sells Trackmaster and Adventures
This is like the unhappiest day of the internet thanks to  Walmart and  NianticLabs Congrats you broke so many hearts.
They'll probably post them at 1 in the morning on a Wednesday just to one up Walmart. 
 DimitarL71 Walmart
Target vs Walmart 
Corporate Democrats’ Ties to Wal-Mart’s Long Record of Fighting Workers’ Rights(video).. Dems.. Walmart  
Golly this Walmart feels like a monument to America
 keithellison  samknight1 reality is they will only get bigger... Amazon and WalMart will likely merge by 2024 when approved.
 TownhallReview We must've looked angry in the checkout line at the West Branch, MI Walmart on July 1- they gave us… 
Thankful that the Good Samaritan acted quickly and applied the tourniquet.  Their action saved the  Walmart  employ… 
 sheepy_es_bueno  PolitelyAtheist  _ThatGuyT  xychelsea It's related because it's not the "willing customers" that… 
They played My Chemical Romance in Walmart, and then immediately switched to country. What is happening?
 Wario64 Asked about my SNES classic preorder with Walmart today on live chat. Any other reports of this? 
Saw the most under appreciated and hardest workin wrestler  HEELZiggler at Walmart a few mins ago but got cold feet to meet him. Shoutout-2U
A jesus freak just tried to recruit me n victoria into their church group at walmart hahahaha
Get cash back for shopping on Ebates! Shop over 2,000 stores like eBay, Macy's & Walmart.
These Walmart v Chanel things are so rude....always have been always will be
I told Brad I liked the silence and he said "well go to Walmart, I'll keep the kids." 😅😅😅
Why do most of the females that go to Walmart look fine
Fdl Walmart needs to step up their game cause I just got a smiley sticker when I walked into the waupun Walmart
 vulgar__wizard Are you above someone who works at Walmart???
An old man at Walmart told me to go back to country today 🤔
 druglordbean idk how much it was bc my gf bought it but clearly it was cheap bc walmart but it's so god damn cute
I liked a  YouTube video 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE IN WALMART! ⏰INSANE TOILET PAPER FORT! (KICKED OUT)😳
when the guy at walmart was trying to be nice and not charge me for my wine but accidentally charged me for 2 6 packs of smirnoff 😅😅
I just passed by walmart and dude there are alot of people picking up the snes prob
 sheepy_es_bueno  PolitelyAtheist  _ThatGuyT  xychelsea It's not something that the shoppers or people have chosen,… 
i needed a cheap ass bathing suit the other night bc i realized all of mine are too big now and i found this cute ass one at walmart
At Walmart l got aj styles 
 Nintendeal  Walmart mine was cancelled. Email says error with billing, but my bank showed the money withdrawn. Sad… 
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm :retty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in gom jeans stuifed in Ugg boots = Hell
 sheepy_es_bueno  PolitelyAtheist  _ThatGuyT  xychelsea It's happening, bud. And it's not unrelated, at all. There'… 
 meechonmars meet your long lost cousin, he's the manager of Walmart here. I always thought he looks like you with… 
I'm at Walmart with no list! Ugh. This is gonna be a while.
Ive been with this walmart conspiracy theory. .
Yall need to start getting it together people.
Walmart has been loaded up 
First time ordering a pick-up   store  Walmart. Four trips in for things in the store already. Won't do that again.  paymygasandtime
I'm about to just camp out in Walmart until this monsoon passes
Chanel vs walmart 👏👏👏 
I liked a  YouTube video How to Beat a Walmart Security Tag
Walmart is now selling fruit punch pickles 
Fact: Star eating healthier, literally fruits and vegetables are a 1.65 at Walmart stock up. Smoothies are in-expensive.
I'm 90% certain I watched a Walmart drug deal go down here 
I saw a bunch of Wii and Wii U games in value bins at Walmart. It was really sad.
Betty Dukes was celebrated as a hero for leading her Walmart gender discrimination suit to the Supreme Court 
FREE Keebler Town House Crackers + Hummus at Walmart! 
We've got somethin' for everybody! Hurry to Walmart on 35th Ave & Bethany Home before 2pm to… 
Man in Walmart in front of me with 2 crying kids & a million items in his cart pays for all his stuff with cash... 
The girls snack shopping for  gauntlet2017 !   Walmart Taylors 
Walmart is hell on earth!!!
not to sound dramatic but i think walmart might be trying to brainwash me
I went to Walmart today and everyone was still talking about Podesta in aisle 3.
 realDonaldTrump 
*in Walmart with my dad* the DISH cable associate ass was so fat he went thru the 20 min process of signing up just to give her his number 😂
I really lost my key in Walmart and as soon as Keithian went got my spare I found it. 😂🤷🏾‍♀️
Found just one pack at my closest Walmart... 
AI Weekly: Walmart’s machine learning advantage 
The SNES Classic Edition Finally Went On Pre-Order At Walmart, Then Sold Out Immediately - 
My Small Walmart Haul: via  YouTube
So excited! 28" Mal is now up for pre-order on Walmart!  descendants2 
a bunch of other managers have already gone and they keep telling me i will have to do the "walmart cheer and idk what the fuck that even is
 mixedkidpower  yagirlsam_efff Best suggestion is what he said and try to go to your bank/maybe Walmart and present… 
 influenster  contest  olayatwalmart Walmart is having a rollback get your  olay on 
Probably the greatest thing I've seen   Walmart so far
You don't know true suffering until you try to get help at walmart electronics
How do I walk out of Walmart with everything under  13 and spent  170 like how does that happen
Went to Walmart thinking they had more variety of candles an they don't 🤔 so I gotta take my ass back to family dollar
D.C. Walmart: First 2 hours of parking are FREE! 👏🏼☀️👐🏼💃🏼 [Doesn't mention the line to check out takes 1.5 hours 😳😬]  ShopTillYaDrop
its fkin walmart there isn't much to learn
I ain't know Walmart was this damn big
Pretty sure the greeter at Walmart just told me to "have a day" not a good day or even a bad day. Just "a day" 😂
Why does sale coffins? ⚰️⚰️
Walmart Employee Helps Elderly Blind Customer With His Shopping — and Her Act of Kindness Goes Viral via  YahooStyle
 NekoFuu I heard Walmart D.C. Is pretty bad too. Haha. I'm better off where I'm at. Sweating my ass off. Unless I can get me a sugar daddy 🙃
You can't go to Walmart without seeing SOMEONE u do NOT wanna see
trying not tO CRY IN WALMART RN 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 
I'm a fking walking bot magnet, no I'm not. walking out of Walmart with a fking crockpot, can't stop
The deli boy at Walmart is kinda cute
Sometimes when I go to Walmart in Utah I have to ask myself what year it is
We ended up sepnding the night at NAU & had to go buy overnight stuff from Walmart
Oh my god walmart actually has one LMAO......
Walmart: CHEAP Facial Mask, Kid Toothpaste, Mens Razor & Hummus Snack! 
I wish I could order everything I need from Walmart & it show up at my door in like 20 minutes. Like why isn't that a thing???
 Nintendeal   11:37pm got my Walmart email preordered 2 I'm good 2 Go thank you Walmart
I swear people down south have nothing better to do than shop at Walmart 🙄
I'm at  Walmart in Portage, MI 
 Kylogaming23  yoitzgab I've played Demo's in Walmart. Xd
I forgot to mention that walmart had to install a camera JUST for that fidget spinner section so that people stopped stealing them...
 skellytonsss omg are you talking about that mari's munchies or something like that? is it by a walmart?
godfucking walmart
Tell  Walmart's CEO Doug McMillon: Pay workers  15 an hour with consistent, full time hours. 
 MissLyss__ Aisin takes way too long to max out. Would recommend Walmart or Lowe's DC before Aisin to be honest.
playboy girls of walmart pornos mit blu cantrell 
My Walmart cashier literally just put my tic-tacs in their own bag.  75bags  only12items
These nine dollar clearance ruched shorts from Walmart are the greatest things I've ever had on my ass, so I got red, blue, white and tan. 🤭
Sometime I just wanna stroll into a walmart looking like this, not sure why 
 Walmart this,is unacceptable. How can this happen? I'm very disappointed 
 Two_Lainz What if it's Walmart though?
Maybe if y'all followed me you would know the husky puppies haven't been at Walmart for like the past two hours.
Camp Chef 144" Outdoor Projection Screen for  148 + pickup at Walmart
http:
Jalen- "Shake my big boys, shake my booty" 
Me- "where did you learn tha fromt?"
Jalen- "Walmart"
I'm done 😂😂😂
 NonWhiteHat  erik_surwill So constitutionally we can abridge WalMart?  Does that mean we can legally call it "Wal"?
i love the cookeville walmart 
HATE the express lane   Walmart! Taking forever and a day just to give me a pack of sweets smdh🙁😩🖕🏽
This story was close to home. Bleeding control techniques are a very important skill.... 
 Robertwaldeck  fawfulfan  PB23aledog  GregAbbott_TX  gregabbott You going to force Walmart to plant trees in the m… 
just tried grocery shopping at walmart and idk if i'm ever gonna attempt that shit again holy fuck
I Really Be Ready To Act A Fool In The Great Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️😒
Hey  Walmart thanks for cancelling my snes pre order for no clear reason - your reps dont even know.  This is why I only shop  amazon
I liked a  YouTube video RIP WALMART 😈
 wolvessarah Thanks for bringing this to our attention.  Please share at so we can look into this. - Mo
-"What do you need from Walmart?"
-"Alcohol, ramen noodles, and dry shampoo. Ya know, just the essentials."
 shekorama  hec_stylez  walmarthelp Sergio did you use a walmart account or guest checkout
 nellligans Yooooo ya du cannage supper cheap so walmart
I liked a  YouTube video DOING SAVAGE THINGS AT WALMART + *500 SUBS GIVEAWAY*
dangit i thought it was  Ibrycehall or  mikeybarone i'm shook i started freaking out and they didn't even follow me… 
How dare someone tell me Walmart is better than Target
saw you in Walmart like a week ago . 
Walmart: Playmobil Private Jet Only  10.89 – Includes 3 Figures & More! 
A lot of people waiting around here in the auto Dept of Walmart and I don't even care,  I'm watching  Mike_TheCop 's latest video 😎
 3 off BIC Simply Soleil Razors Coupon =  .27 at Walmart 
Walmart seems to be cancelling many of the SNES Classic preorders.
Oof.

Mine is still standing.
2024 see's federal approval of the  amazon  Walmart merger.
Hope Walmart Gotta Cheap Radio, That's All I Need 😂
 Nintendeal mines is still gud... But that Release date notices from Walmart are starting to worry me...😣
 mikealper Please share this with us at so that we can work on getting them available near you! - Mo
WOW just heard cops called to Walmart for a dog in a car, has been there for an hour and a a half!! WTF someone... 
i will have to learn the names and locations so i can figure out my "walmart" 😂😂 
Walmart really got their employees out here looking like they're about to save the city of Metropolis. 
 Walmart Develops Facial Recognition Software to Determine Mood of Customer. Goal? Make angry customers happy.… 
So I get that it's back to school season but why is it that I have to go to 2 targets and a Walmart to find some fucking pool floats?
 OKeijiDragon  hec_stylez And I was at the beach this whole time lol. Not getting it from Walmart though, so I'm go… 
This is what it looks like when I ride kids bikes in Walmart 
 mikeybarone  Ibrycehall if u wanna see me freak out in the middle of walmart follow me ;)
 DidYouKnow pink eye eye issues/foreign bodies, anything not life threatening go to optometrist (like Walmart eye c… 
It's one thing to work at McDonald's and it's another to work at McDonald's In Walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video 10 CRAZIEST PEOPLE AT WALMART
Someone got stabbed at the Walmart on bandera and we were literally inside for 10 min and came out and there was blood and cops everywhere(:
 Ibrycehall you'll also see me freak out at walmart in the middle of many people
 Mangan150  heuristics No Sam's Club or Walmart in SF
Anyone wanna buy me the red velvet cake from Walmart?
avengers vs. justice league is walmart vs. chanel
We had a great turn out for our Burke County Stuff the Bus school supply drive thanks to Walmart, Burke County... 
 Lauren_Alaina Great concert last night at the Walmart Amp!  Thank You so much for a great time and for accomodating our family!
THIS WALMART HAS WIFI WTHDDOTSJOEHIEVI
i'm at 1% in walmart so u might as well follow me now  Ibrycehall 
WalMart Coupon Codes . . . 
* guest and I don't work at Walmart 😂 
Security guard stabbed by shoplifter at Walmart 
 OldZethy  TopherSpiro  rebeccavallas I don't understand your tweet sorry. What Walmart got to do w HC?
This happened to me last night when I got off to go to Walmart nigga kept saying "come here girl" 
Rick Ross Gets his Album PULLED from Walmart after Rapping About Donald Trump. 
Chanel vs Walmart  ouat 
Cowboy Mom, striking fear into the hearts of Walmart shoppers 🤠   Walmart Minot 
 thepioneerwoman I have been to Walmart three times looking for your magazine. They still do not have it. You can not sell if not there
Business at Walmart is going ao be slow tomorrow.m:(
 kinggoldbills A little buzz? I'm viewed 6m times a week! And it clearly is my tour I'm No guess! But when you're s… 
 Wario64 ordered 4 SNES classics (two transactions) and it seems walmart cancelled an order. :-/
I liked a  YouTube video DOG FOOD FORT IN WALMART!
Sorry   whoever gave the Walmart pharmacy my number, your  4.00 prescription is ready 😅😂 newnumberproblems
I actually enjoy shopping at Walmart, I can fart publicly without shame...  truth
lol Walmart have workers walking around with a cape on but who are they saving.packed store 2 registers open sorry customer service NoGOOD
 KillerQueenVGC Update: Walmart cancelled my order. Time to kms
 chillibeanboy  TopherSpiro  rebeccavallas Enjoy the camaraderie, good ol' Dem elite. Ain't seen it myself, so good… 
What's a Walmart trip without leaving with a screaming kid?! 
Hggnnn I was just mistaken as a boy by a Walmart employee 
 mikeymanfs can't wait for this diss track on Walmart 😂😂
 Imannadi21 Your trap more like the customer service at a walmart
jesus saves because he shops at walmart
Walmart cancelled my snes mini preorder after taking the  85. Thanks  Walmart, quality company 👌
I have a feeling  Walmart is going to be getting a few complaints from the BBB real soon. Wow. You guys royally suck on a Jenner level.
 sighorionn arey but there are no Walmart's in UAE !¡
Walmart’s new robot can recognise the misery on your face 
i just saw the walmart guy and i ran out of walmart :/
 405streetoutlaw  IMS They could race around 2 light poles in a Walmart parking lot and the racing would be better
some lady just tried to come at me   walmart and started talking shit, why did my mom, dad, LITTLE sisters and little brother all come from
"I love Walmart"
My last weekend thank you to Walmart for once again fucking us over. Fuck this place. Can't wait to leave 😐
 aestheticxrpp I hope you mean that Walmart is Nicki and Chyna is Chanel. Only because, Walmart makes more in a year than Chanel dreams.
 1013KDWB Its weird cuz I was singing the full song of Something Different earlier at Walmart. And then it was on the radio! I didn't know 😂
Omfg ill never shop at Walmart again if they cancel my order, I was so excited. (Not my image)  NinMobileNews… 
 Walmart since when can you not do a gift registry in the store??
Still have saltwater in my mouth lol we got a beach blanket though and I'm getting us an umbrella at Walmart tonight
 madisonanne_xo Go to Rural King in Circleville, it's the hillbilly Walmart babe!
*panics in walmart because of the chance of bryce following me*  Ibrycehall 
 FakeOscarMunoz  JetBlue Surgeons would be paid like Walmart clerks if everyone could do surgery. If everyone could… 
18 Count BIC Xtra Fun Stripes 2 HB Black Lead Pencil for  4.64 at Walmart  -  -  At The Bes… 
I spent 1 hour and 30 minutes doing baypines walking to walmart bus 79. 235 calories burned.  LoseIt
 Moj_kobe Okay, just saw this guy at gas station. Man bun and buying Fiji water, > < or = offensive as socks with s… 
Walmart got these people wearing these capes fr lmao
Smartphone Samsung Galaxy A3 SM-A310M de R  1231.12 por R  899.99
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Walmart Fina start giving me weekends off tf😡
Cool figure from  metals_diecast booth  SDCC2017 soon available  Walmart 
black squirter walmart porn 
Walmart didn’t have any crocs 
Tracking Link for Email Submit: Walmart  500 Gift Card 
 TomiLahren The Tomi Lahren Blowup Doll now available at a Walmart near you.
 Nintendeal Freaking walmart never reliable. That's why i don't bother with them for my gaming needs
 fergnatiferg I saw mav at Walmart
You really do see see everything at Walmart  🙃 
 ICouldntComeToWork every Mondays & Thursdays at  Walmart because i be   🏠 during these days by surfing the internet on my 💻 & etc
 jhreha  heuristics And you work for WalMart - shame😎
Hope the red  one doesn't use this idea 😩😂
 BNCraft Go to Walmart and get a you a few cheap products (not too cheap) but ya kno. Like foundation, eyeliner, ey… 
Out of toilet roll? Fear not!  cottonelle mega rolls from  Walmart has got you covered so you  NeverRunOut  ad… 
Are the Street Profits the walmart version of Cryme Tyme?
 DeborahForeman My copy is on preorder with Walmart...they have a great deal goin on! Excited to get it next week!  😀
SNES Classic edition Walmart Pre-orders only lasted 30 minutes before going out of stock. Orders… 
 mollyduck Please contact us at so that we can help you get in contact with third party ven… 
Jummmm after some hard work groceries shopping at the other side at Walmart a nice cold Dutch ...… 
 StefaniSloma  _debbieburns  SourcebooksCasa aaaaaah I can't believe it's in WALMART!
I'm a pretty laid back person, but I just don't have the patience to print pictures at Walmart. 😠
 Walmart  0725  HainesCity expired product poor vender rotation no FIFO here 
I Know you are not at  walmart because they would Only have 1 line open with 100 people in line. 
 Squad__CHIEF96 Hell nah im bout to flame yo ahh you clean up in the dark bih hell nah you slap box cashiers at Walmart at the junk yard
oh and bakugo is walmart + target bc he doesn't give a damn
Middleburg Walmart: the only place other than school, that you get to see everybody you hate in one building :)
Good Samaritan's quick thinking saved life of Walmart employee who tried to stop robbery, police say… 
Chanel vs Walmart asf
Train Engineer Toddler Halloween Costume - 
 hec_stylez  shekorama  walmarthelp lol so dumb that you think walmart customer service is full of indians or somet… 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Pharmacy, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
Someone shot up walmart last night inside the store 😂
Lots of people saying their Walmart SNES Classic orders are getting cancelled. Did yours get cancelled? Share a scr… 
 Bill_Brazky We are so sorry about the wait.  Please share with management and with us at s… 
 AmandaAzucenaG That Walmart Credit Card tho!
I just wanted to go to Walmart for a few things I ended up spending  100 I hate myself
Worst salad I have ever bought is from marketside.  Gross brown lettuce. My appetite is ruined. Best By never!… 
I remember when the highlight of my week was going to Walmart w my mom & picking out a tigerbeat magazine with the best poster of zac efron
Funnier than the "People of Walmart" stuff, but a sad truth about that state of affairs in public gyms nowadays.... 
 PowderKegHunter I mean I go to walmart so i guess
Blows my mind how many people forget where they parked their car at Walmart..
Hey  Walmart, your cashier Mekiah working lane 7 at store 03459 (Bloomington IL) right now is excellent. Just FYI. She's wonderful.
ran into one of my ex boyfriends in walmart and he said hi to my dad and ignored me like excuse me
Really don't feel like driving to Walmart
 comforti_emm08 Voluminous it's from Walmart like  7!
that pic, the loss of which he laments, is for the enormous majority, a mere training to act as a Walmart 🙁
 keithellison The banks too. Nationalize the ISPs and Walmart while we're at it.
Had the same issue with fans in my Walmart days 
Johnson's Baby Care Products as Low as 86¢ at Walmart! via Oklahoma's Coupon ... 
 12News  FoxNews  NBCNews  azfamily power outage  Walmart Market Street in GILBERT avoid going and call before going, its shut down for?
If I could come in walmart one day and entire KY not be in here, that'd be great.
 Walmart I'm here 1st time in a long time&prices no lower thn others&the store was crazy hot. 95 outside here How bout some AC
 brandambassador for the weekend!  actorslife  actinginutah  makingabuck  walmart… 
 Walmart can u bring twice albums in stores
I need to go to Walmart.
Went to Walmart to get batteries. Just left. Without batteries. 🤦🏻‍♀️  fail
 kurtbardella  KidRock I was more concerned about him having to buy a bunch of clip-on ties  Walmart.
Someone  pooped at  walmart. It wasn't us! But my little friend did add an s and  noob up top.… 
 brielle_malik I'm stuck in front of Walmart and I haven't moved in a solid 5 minutes😩
I though i couldn't hate anyone more than I hate the people in Walmart. I was wrong. I hate the people in giant eagle 5000x more.
Don't Waste Your Money on a Yeti, Buy This  10 Walmart Version Instead - MyRecipes 
The Walmart Vision Center SoopaFitt Family Day Back to School Health… 
Morrisville we out cher!!!! Come cool off with us at Walmart   Walmart Morrisville 
 RhettJCooper Walmart
someone had a puppy in the Walmart bathroom in the back and i was so confused
Walmart is still out of my wine 😠 on to another Walmart but hey, more time driving the truck 🙃
Always thought Ben Affleck was the Walmart version of Ryan Reynolds but hey 🤷🏽‍♂️
I'm in Walmart and I see a sexy boy...
The Red Booted Chicken in  Texas

Website .REDBOOTEDCHICKEN.COM

 writing  publishing  Breaking  AmazonBooks… 
In Walmart. Resupplying. Funny you say the craziest people at Walmart
Just saw  RealEntendre at the walmart. That helped make my week a little better next objective I gotta see  noah_boat &  RyaBurton
off to walmart now to find the right stupid ink for my stupid printer 😒
nothing classier than having to take a pregnancy test at walmart😅
 next_imaginaut I think I've set up email alerts from Target, Walmart, Best Buy, and Amazon.
oh no I think I offended a redneck in Walmart by saying Amy Schumer is racist whatever will I do
EVERY WALMART NEEDS THE SAME LAYOUT!!!!!!!
Dad: "Forever 21's the new Walmart."
walmart conspiracy theory omg
 octonion My insurance was 48 dollars a month when I worked at Walmart. Where does he get his insurance?
Went to  Walmart  to find the eye care section appropriately placed between tampons/adult diapers and the condoms/intimate items. Wtf?
 Walmart is the biggest price of 💩
 mhzmike So sorry about the long wait. Please share this with us at so we can address this issue. - Mo
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Rockford, IL w/  katiebn 
 Nintendeal  Target Yay! I missed the Walmart preorders but I get a discount at Target anyway
 baxterpm It IS socially acceptable to wear bathrobes in public. Have you ever been to Walmart?!
 ImTarjai_ The one I wanted only online but it's not a twin size and it's not in Walmart and ain't Finna spend all my time online looking
I saw that Batman one at my local Walmart just yesterday and I suddenly need to go back and buy it 
I got a 10 pack of these for 15  at walmart 
 coastward  Warchamp7 i saw some at my walmart 2day
 msfields This umbrella: is available at our Charleston, SC location on Ashley Circle.  We hope this helps! - Mo
 Anglian_Exile  boomermindset The McDonald's inside WalMart must be equivalent to the Parthenon for him
GO TO WALMART TO BUY A RAZOR AND LEAVE IT UP TO MY BF TO YELL OUT, "oh babe! The douches you're looking for are here!"
I Swear Working At Walmart Takes All The Energy Out You 🤦🏽‍♂️🙁
i can already tell what type of day it's gonna be at Walmart 🙄
 NonWhiteHat Hence: "OR OF THE PRESS" -- as a special category of non-people that is protected by 1A.  Otherwise it… 
 reggierivera10 That's why you gotta shop at Walmart papas you "Save money Live better"
I'm gunna write a bad review at this Walmart bad customer service bruh smh 🤦🏽‍♂️
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
 NowPlaying BussibaK - BussibaK - Beatking (walmart) [1lLD]  TuneIn on 
I liked a  YouTube video where to buy mead online (tips)? is it Walmart amazon or Tesco near me
Oh Pekin Walmart you never disappoint.
is Walmart where Homestucks congregate or something? twice i've been recognized for my Hero of Heart hoodie at two separate stores
 StockCats Everything I use to go to Walmart for I now have shipped to my door by amazon, enjoy your time in the ce… 
 anguschampion There's a walmart case study from HBS that describes how it created a monopoly. Amazon's aiming for… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cary, NC 
So I just got SOAKED Bc it was pouring rain and my smart self puts my keys in my Walmart bag and my car is locked when I get to my car. 🙂🙂🙂
 therobbiecarver Fast Times at Ridgemont High dvd -  
 GimmieFreebies love to win. We have a walmart 10 minutes away
 ReTweet  GasRelief  Equate Extra Strength Cherry Creme Gas Relief 125mg 
 EnjaeSusan  dumptrump33 Omg just stop shopping at WalMart!  Jeez she is dumpy!
Going to an  ALPFA Convention changed Lorena's life! She was one of the 60+ job offer recipients from  Walmart last… 
Girl sneezes

Walmart worker: Bless you 

Girl: Thank you 😊 

Worker: Oh no problem honey
*walks away* next time cover ur mouth bitch
Thank you to Dayana at Walmart on Morgantown Road for all of her help with loading up school… 
Target is the bloods. Walmart is the crips
Serena has me drunk in Walmart lmaooooo.
 beccaj_23 this how our Walmart gone be next 
We just worked this shit out and here you go trynna steal shit from Walmart???? Etf we gon do with sheets???? You ain't got no money!!!!!
I'm a 6, but in Walmart I'm a 10.
 jenhendrixx We are so sorry about this.  Please alert a manager and share with us at so th… 
Just went in Walmart & the whole  alcorn21 was in there 🤦🏽‍♂️
 Darkhours us NOT shopping at Sears, either

I get junk at Walmart for 3 uses before it breaks
better than Dollar stores, go there too
DAWG THOSE IAN CONNOR WALMART BRAND VANS NOT THE MOVE, I SWEAR YALL REALLY HYPE ON HYPE. VANS ARE COOL, THAT LIGHTNING BOLT CORNY AS FUCK.
Bouta go to Walmart
 ryan_cav I am shopping in Walmart, Ron, and I'm thinking of you and your bag full of American coins! Spend it on candy!
wonder if i can run to walmart then come back to swipe out... hmm//
 Bulldawg2482  kylegriffin1 Should have been a Walmart greeter to be with his people.
i went to Walmart and played roblox
i have dinosaurs on my backpack that i bought at walmart for like  8
Whenever my mom loses me at Walmart, Where'd You Go by Fort Minor plays in my head.
In just one week I've seen 3 girl customers at work wearing shorts with their ass eating them. I h8 Walmart sm
Remember when this film was a thing???  7.88 at Walmart! 
 Ntario  Wario64 Lucky you, Walmart canceled my order sadly. 😔
OUR WALMART HAS THE CAPES 😂
 xkntsu K just remember that yoy told me you just wouldn't go baxk to the walmart when im shooting up your school
I'm featured in the xxl available in walmart every where...... 
i want dominos because i don't want to go out but i don't want to pay  15 for a pizza and then have to tip so i guess walmart is it 🙄
 SInow That's like being the prettiest lady  Walmart
Working to finalize book distribution - online sales at Target, Walmart, Barnes & Noble + Amazon are planned; in-st… 
Let's boycott Walmart while we're at it. 
Police: Notorious jewel thief arrested at Walmart via  YahooNews
She likes Walmart better than Target 😤 
I'm at  Walmart in Eugene, OR 
 bieberult walmart is the best 😍
walmart is so weak now 😴
I'm jk guys, Trina's at Walmart 😂 But it sounded better to say that
Who wanna go to Walmart with me 👀
Well Walmart right here
 johnfein I have a friend who is in his 40s & realized he's never stepped foot in a Walmart, so now he doesn't so h… 
 chavawinnie  ghostdini85  Walmart That's good to know
If there is anything im going to miss about college, Making them trips to Walmart with my friends at 3 & 4 in morning is top on my list
Need to get some Walmart shoes for jouvert
Two fine ass niggas asked for my number at Walmart 💀😂
TOP QUALITY FROM WALMART? Freshware 3-Piece Bamboo Cutting Boards: via  YouTube
 goodgrace Woohoo! WTG, Chelsea. We're so glad she made your first pickup so special, Teresa. Will you be using it again? -Nici
Heard you guys on the radio 😝💜!!! whydontwemusic  JonahMarais  jackaverymusic  SeaveyDaniel  ImZachHerron… 
Uhm so this was my total at Walmart today, who's down? 😈 
me, in the middle of walmart: haha hey scott this sauce reminds me of u. not bc ur A1 but bc ur a 1! out of 10. HAHA! stolen joke
 MysticPyroFreak They won’t fix it. Walmart is very bad.
 ChoiceFemaleWebstar  TeenChoice  MerrellTwins They deserve this award for making a bomb ass juice by "Fruitocracy"… 
Phone chargers? (at  Walmart Supercenter in Woodstock, GA) 
Come on out to Culver's on 54th St and 131 by Walmart on Monday evening and bring friends and family between 5-9... 
 FansOfPotus Who is she? A Walmart bagger
I liked a  YouTube video WWE Mattel Retro Walmart Exclusive Action Figure Review
 offerup  FaceBookMarket unfortunately your sites are a microcosm of a larger problem in America today  POTUS  WSJ… 
 keltbh You kept asking if we could leave and go to Walmart. You said something like "We don't even need to buy any… 
 CartridgeBros Multiple reports have shown up that walmart is cancelling most/potentially all of the preorders
And now I lost my good ass parking spot and have to walk 10 miles  from my parking spot to Walmart ... swear 🙄😩
 ImMe_Mek It's called Running Bike, they sell them at Walmart. You try to get an 18 month old to peddle
Just a heads up...you may want to avoid the walmart area for a little bit. The light is messed up again and... 
 caitylynlyn And all you ever wanted to do is get out of Walmart quickly 😂
Gonna take a dump and go to walmart  saturday
Have lost wingnut off Royal Ball-winder. Do you know if it is a standard size piece that I can easily replace? Ta! 
Or the dude wearing all white by Walmart with the bike 
Woke up, ate cereal, went back to sleep, rushed off to my wax appt, Walmart run, ultra run, grabbed lunch, back in bed. All before 1.
When I go to the Azle Walmart I wonder if people look at me the same way I look at them
I neeeed to go to Walmart
 SheaCoulee  picklesdelano Werk that Walmart fish mama
I just see Doe B in Munford Walmart‼️
Most homeless camps needs tarps~! 
I GUESS Y'ALL DON'T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CHANEL AND WALMART LMAO BC THIS NEW SEASON IS BOMB  OUATSDCC
 AndreElijah It was only Walmart.
 Dans_waifu  jacksfilms Same, I hate Walmart 
Just saw a 3 yr old in Walmart wearing a shirt that said "Saturday's are for the boys"
girl naked in walmart 
 cr_valkyrie Yes, they have it there and other pharmacies. I think I bought mine at Walmart?
Walmart so hectic.
Camp Chef 144" Outdoor Projection Screen for  148 + pickup at Walmart - 
One time I had a crush on the guy who worked with me at good ol Walmart. Anyway now he has my "virginity" and I have him blocked.
 tumblesheeb So sorry about the inconvenience.  Please share this with us at so that we can improve. - Mo
 ghostdini85  cakeisaspy12  Walmart They're also cancelling the ones that weren't charged full price. I've seen som… 
 marql99 It's that time of the year again, Marquita. How many are you shopping for this year? -Nici
Hey, middle aged guy at Walmart singing along to Jewel....
I saw you. 

We all saw you.
 dionnebe_ Walmart lets you do it at 2 . Claire's 3 and up I believe
Great Walmart Asda features on Argentine red wine. And Times article on UK sales increase. Time for Change
 alexbracken but he's not mentioned at Walmart
Megan and I walking in Walmart.😶
Megan: what did we come in here for?!
Me: BRAT HOLDERS!
Megan: you mean buns?!
My favorite eyeshadow palette costs 6  from Walmart ... I use it to highlight also

Go buy it: Naturally Gorgeous by Hard Candy Cosmetics
 Walmart Yes! And the associate was kind enough to give me a little goodie bag as a thank you for our 1st pick up order.
 Walmart any word on if the SNES mini pre orders that went up last night were legit or not? Lots of ppl getting cancelled and speculating
 alexbracken Is this once they've left Walmart? Because I know that Mike and his tribe take them to East River
Prettied up for a trip to Walmart. Picking Jon up.
You can't have a cocky attitude walking thru Walmart
To the couple who talked shit about my mom in Walmart because she was wearing leggings: I WILL FIND YOU
 CjayyTaughtHer  lovetriice_ what walmart is open at 4am ?
 TacoBellTeam next trip to Walmart I'll buy some and donate it to Walmart... Maybe then you guys can upgrade your .… 
Some redneck at walmart just called me an "Ugly ass bitch with no tits" BECAUSE HE THOUGHT I WAS A CHICK. BRUH
THINK ABOUT THIS THE NEXT TIME YOU TAKE A CARRIAGE AT WALMART..FOLLOW THIS BOARD FOR THE BEST OF WAL 
Y'all a lil weird for wanting or clothes for our smells 😂😂but you can get the Lil faded Walmart undershirt buried in the dresser
Want motivation to repent? Go to  Walmart on Saturday. I'm pretty sure it is what hell will be like.  30minutesinline  idiots
Police: Notorious jewel thief arrested aw 3 wt Walmart via  Yah5eeooNews
I liked a  YouTube video WALMART SELLS E-LIQUID  WAYMENT
I ain't never quit nothing in my life but Walmart I had too ✌🏾
AI Weekly: Walmart’s machine learning advantage. 
who knew that the big cheap tub of cheezy puffs from Walmart are so addicting.... must walk away.....LOL
 dramamamaclo I used a pink dye Walmart test and got a positive at 3 weeks four days. Everyone I know says pink dye… 
 WCWRetrospect  radzero83  RicFlairNatrBoy  TheRealXPac How I felt waking up to an email from  Walmart informing me… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hammond, LA 
I'd literally be like "Walmart, do I really look like Captain Help a Hoe to you?" Hellllll nah 
I've like never been to a big Walmart before hmm
WalMart makes me want to spank whiny ass kids, and I didn't even spank my child!!🙄
 WetWaterSplash Lmao if you tryna laugh 😂😂 they say the walmart employees are reptilians and they sacrifice childre… 
I just bought a bunch of unnecessary things at Walmart i need to stop
Lady in front of me at Walmart just told the auto center cashier her car is a 6 cylinder v8
 Mobilerafie  Ssnyder1835  GregCapullo  TomKingTK Walmart on Pacific had the wave
PSA: Broke my rule & bought peaches at Walmart cause they were gorgeous. Now I have a fruit fly infestation. Yay.
i love the sugar plum secret deodorant!  influenster  secretAtWalmart  contest  walmart 
 sportslogosnet  UniWatch  PhilHecken spotted at Walmart today?  Is that a "z"?  a "s" turned around?  a "2"?  a ba… 
 StimpyPvP ACTUALLY I'll print out 100 flyers of cheatbreaker's site and advertise it at publix or Walmart
I'm hanging out in Walmart, reading about oil.... 
I was in the Walmart parking lot & started screaming when I heard "Make Love" :((( it was embarrassing 
I'm gonna need Walmart to get it together. 
What they mean the card machines ain't working? 🙃🙃🙃🙃
when Walmart AND bjs didn't have the granola bars I want 🖕🖕🖕🖕
LOL I was was walking out of Walmart and my mom basically said the same thing HAHAH 
I just walked around Walmart with a bag over my head avoiding this guy 💀
Thank you Walmart for the cheap poultice paper!!  eventerhacks  groomhacks  schoolsupplies… 
 alexbracken I just recently finished rereading it and I'm pretty sure he was not one of the guys at Walmart with L… 
Chris knows I love s'mores ice cream so he went to Walmart and surprised me with different brands of it😂❤ 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Okmulgee, OK 
Holy Smokes – Angel Soft !2 Packs For Only  0.74 Each! –…  Hot_Deals  Walmart  Clearance… 
 Wiselatina626 Lol.  I remember having a digital camera.  That thing finally gave up.  It was a "Walmart Special".
So I went food shopping at Walmart today and ran across this  (see photo)  I'm not so sure about this..... 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Montgomery, AL 
Do not get a  AmericanExpress  serve card from  Walmart or anywhere else. Horrible product
 Dwoodsfinest Walmart
I just saw a dude at Walmart with the  MonsterEnergy logo tattooed on his neck! I sure hope they paid for that advertising space.  regret
Been to Walmart twice in an hour😒
a random old man came up to me at Walmart the other day and we had a five min discussion ab the correct way to eat a mango:)that's good life
Security guard stabbed by shoplifter at Walmart - WOAI 
 slick_joe4  CoDZOfficial Honestly same! I put the Die Rise Origins & Mob posters in my cart and am going to check… 
 SommerBommer We sign up for loans, go to school, realize there's nothing available in our field and then work at walmart until we die
Meanwhile In Wal-Mart. Attention WalMart Shoppers, get your cell phone cameras ready for the crack s 
Just seen my old coach at walmart and dude's haven't changed a bit
 TMZ They found nigger Brown paint .(I hear that a color now.Find it at  WALMART.)
girls girls girls is the walmart version of war of hormone
The  Walmart capes are real 
Recruiters lie you will be paid minimum wage (walmart pays more then military).
i have an interview with walmart tomorrow and as usual i am nervous
 kromeq Good! I don't like calling people fat it seems rude, but I used to work at Walmart and unfortunately there… 
(Miami Herald) ' Pure compassion and love': Hand-in-hand,  Walmart employee helps blind man shop : Brittany.. 
 arturo_dueno It looks like a fun activity to do with the little ones before the go back to school, don't you think, Arturo? -Nici
AI Weekly: Walmart’s machine learning advantage  artificialintelligence  Walmart  week 
Yeah! Back in stock~choose green or blue! You could help with a sleepingbag;... 
I had to humble myself catch me trapping in Walmart lol
The cashier at Walmart was convinced my ID was a fake....I'm 23 years old and want a beer after a long day Jonathan quit testing me
Ayee, Walmart-  MyHeroAcademia  BokuNoHeroAcademia 
 Achraf_Paleswmd  RokedvMagen  pinkperlz  Israelkicksass  EvaAdva  susskindbatzi  BaruchHashem365  redbrasco… 
 firebolt2334  qbjoshcards He spent at least  69.98 plus tax on a Collector Box at Walmart, if not several boxes. D… 
a brick that fell off walmart building almost hit me
Try the New Pepsi Fire for only  0.50 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money ... 
Oh my god I just saw a nun at walmart vldjkrdkk
 ChrisRThornton Walmart went live last night but many orders have been getting canceled
 Matbreezy48 They still sell the old ones at Walmart.🤗
 Duhbyo47  Wario64 Really Taylor? You're putting your faith in Walmart? Remember the Target situation? Why are we e… 
SNES Classic waa available for pre order at Walmart, now its not.  gaming
I need this..so I can be walking in Walmart with my  AJStylesOrg vest and looking totally awesome 😎 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Crestwood, IL 
 rlMathew yes. our walmart got a few in stock yesterday/this morning and i got one before they sold out again ;
 miss_svmmer Yes at Walmart but when I had them I just used my bonnet
of course the one time i park super far from the walmart entrance it starts pouring
Great to see  e_stiggleman and  kstiggss shopping at Burberry, I mean Walmart.  Creekside
Looks like  Walmart responses to customers inquiries about the  SuperNintendo Classic cancellations (thxs… 
(The thing I'm trying to confirm is if I actually specified Mike was one of the guys that Liam was with when they got picked up at Walmart.)
 matthewstoller Go read the history of A&P and you'll realize 1) there is nothing new to the Walmart story and ...
 2.00/1 Pampers Baby Dry Diapers Coupon! ONLY  6.97 at Walmart! via  po_st
I still have a love/hate relationship with Walmart. 🤦🏼‍♀️
The evil end cap at Walmart... and it's been refilled twice!!! Ugh!  dontbringthesetomyclaas  … 
I'm awake time to go to a big Walmart
Woman, deputies aid 4 children left in car in Walmart parking lot 
Security guard stabbed by shoplifter at Walmart - WOAI  securityguard
 hec_stylez  grizzlystation  Walmart nah cuz im smart. instead of setting the quantity to 3, I purchased it 3 separ… 
 DatGurlPheebz Thank you babe!! Walmart  10 buck 🤗
I'm going to Walmart to get matching nighties for Haus of Thicc Brows!! be back soon!
i went to walmart and i feel like i have some lingering status effect from it. potion seller,
 StockCats I recently heard  judaspriest  BreakingTheLaw in a  Walmart Not sure which shoplifter it was directed at
 BestBuy  NintendoAmerica Awesome game glad it's in my collection now So what's good with the  SNESClassicEdition… 
Some little girl at Walmart told me she watches me on tv 🙂
 cakeisaspy12  Walmart Mine got cancelled.
Talking about the corruption of Walmart at volume 10 like 
 rgajr13  NMamatas I've seen those exact salt shakers at the local cast off store and walmart.
IVE HAD ENOUGH OF YOUR WALMART WIFI  aidan
 kissmeQuan White holes need to know that walmart exists. 
I liked a  YouTube video FIDGET SPINNING IN WALMART + HASCON PLANS TALK | 7.3.2017 | Bin and Jon's Daily Vlog
Crying because Walmart already has back to school signs 😩
 HoboDelta  Lost_CapriSun  TomFawkes Walmart, at the time
 Pr1nce0ftheC1ty Off Spring Hill drive and Anderson snow by that Burger King and neighborhood Walmart
 hec_stylez  grizzlystation  Walmart Well from what some ppl have said Walmart told them that all will be canceled… 
Here’s  10 off groceries! 
Chanel vs. Walmart 
When baseball players go to Walmart 
 delukze preorders for classic snes at Walmart was up last night.
Walmart fun need food hotelgourmet
lmao i was trying to look up nutrition info but i couldnt remember the brand & this is  Walmart's 'best match'... m… 
 AscherCut Girl no , I had this black one and I got that cover up from Walmart
 Miccey2005  drlindeman  Rosie  TomiLahren Lol thats not me silly that's people of Walmart 😘
 miraphorism same. my excuse has been hoping snes classic pre-orders would be up somewhere after walmart put them u… 
it's ball blazing hot outside today.  Brutal.   Most miserable trip to Walmart ever because of the heat.   Gimme A/C rest of the day!
Been to 2 Targets, a Walmart, and a Toys R Us. Can't find the new Usagi Yojimbo (TMNT) action figure. :(
 NBCSuperstore  Walmart This is your  CityofDuarte location all day long.
 grizzlystation  Walmart They oversold maybe so they're cancelling the orders that got in late
Went to Walmart , got pissed people were staring at me. Realized it's because my hair is purple
I FOUND TOBLERONE BoeingRS AT WALMART MY LIFE IS COMPLETE
Security guard stabbed by shoplifter at Walmart


Walmart: BIC Simply Soleil Razors Only 27¢ Per Pack (Regularly  3.27) 
 picklesdelano Walmart ☺️
Tired of going to Walmart and the employees don't know English
I found my favorite laundry scent©!  sponsored 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Milwaukee, WI 
This is the second time in one week that ppl have made me go to Walmart... I don't like Walmart and I don't see how ppl shop here
my mom and i are in walmart hiding behind clothes cuz we saw her ex husband😂
Everyone needs to watch this WALMART CONSPIRACY EXPOSED(2017) 
World update: the government is closing Walmart and turning them into FEMA camps for when martial law takes place
' I'm Starting To Dislike Walmart On So Many Levels 🤦🏽‍♀️
 Dj_0O  Walmart Yea I'm glad yours is fine, I just wish a more official statement would come out already
15 WTF Moments You'll Only See at Walmart 
 Shellyyxp  ZoHuncho All you gotta do is hml saying we going to Walmart and we out 😂😂😂
ya girl gunna start working at walmart ayy 😬
Walmart has the worst managers they don't know how to do their fucken job
 StockCats Very brave cat to be in Walmart on a weekend.
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 25 Points! WOO HOO!!
aye this walmart for some fine ass workers boyy😩😩😩
Found this  RWBY poster at Walmart  RoosterTeeth  IAmLindsayJones  TheMilesLuna  bdunkelman  kerryshawcross 
i hate walmart on saturdays 🙄
 eserviss Aww, shucks, Emory! Thanks. We aim to please. Glad you like our pickup service. Is this your first time using it? -Nici
 walmart you have new employee ratings today on  Comparably. See what your team is saying & claim your page. 
It reduced the buying power of ALL employed Americans & put downward pressure on income making China's love, Walmar… 
 eplandnfl  thedallasthomas  CoachB72  walk_ons Then we'll go to Walmart lol
How many times have I been to Walmart in the last hour and a half? Three times. Three times in the last hour and a half
Back to walmart it goes

If the manufacturer won't let me call them on a saturday afternoon to hell with the whole "don't return this" thing
 walmarthelp My store said no. Your call center said no. It's an "inconvenience" for Walmart, I was told. There's no QCODE on the email.
Elected Officials Speak on the Expose Walmart Tour 2017 via  YouTube
 hec_stylez  grizzlystation  Walmart People probably got their's canceled cuz Walmart oversold. I bought 3 in the f… 
  the guy who drives a blue wrx and works at walmart. i love u hmu
Big thanks to N. Dalemabry WalMart store  1501 for all the hospitality & support...(you've helped) brighten a child… 
SNES Mini Walmart Pre-Orders Lasted 30 Minutes Before Going Out Of Stock; Orders Being Cancelled - says "It didn'...
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
 charlie_core  FullyPoseable  Walmart  GrimsToyShow Love the Nia! Would have picked up the Nakamura too, but went for the DM instead
Wait, I was at  BakersDozen - did  Amazon not go live, yet? Only WalMart is s/o, right?!
 Phish  SNESClassic 
second degree sex offense walmart girls 
 tatelovett I need your help what store in Sacramento sells cannon g7x camera I called Walmart and target they don'… 
The weather in lexington just feels like walmart
 cakeisaspy12  Walmart So far mine is ok as of the moment
 KushKiisess87 Walmart shopping
When Walmart sales clerk says a "52in will fit you fine"... 
GOD DAMN CAN SOMEBODY TAKE ME TO WALMART A BITCHH HUNGRY THATS ALL
 Steph_Jakielyn_  MoNiisTweets What omg finally cuz Dayum every time I swear I seen the whole Walmart here at the crib lol
 Walmart Any comment on the unannounced SNES Classic preorders screwing east coast customers. 11:34pm release with no announcement. Yesh...
I could be wrong, but maybe this Pack Mentality group could make a donation of fans to the STL jail. WalMart has pl… 
 DustingtonZDX  AkuOfficialAcct  Apple  Konami  chevrolet  CNN  Target  FirestoneTires  Starbucks  FOXSports… 
Re: Buy/Sell => ONE VANILLA RELOADIT GREENDOT MYVANILLA WALMART BITCOIN PAYSAFECARD 
 TRex21  klkl2001 Walmart and Kroger
Weekly shopping. Meat run.   Walmart Elk City 
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + wymen in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots =mHell
sexy hentai mom naked girl at walmart 
Looking at bikes, no peace tea :( (  Walmart Supercenter in Raynham, MA) 
Definitely about to go in this Walmart and buy a romper while I look for a my mom birthday gift
Kind of live from Myrtle Beach SC Walmart. I forgot to hit the live button. ... ;) 
 cryinginside247 walmart
 Walmart don't you think a little brown paper would be in order here?
 BenjaminPDixon  rtyson82 I cant even imagine the penis of someone I hate/disagree with. How, bro? 1 argument with… 
 lexperez0 get one of those kiddie pools from walmart they're like  10
 Deadpoolverine  Walmart Just one more reason I'd rather have a root canal than shop there...😎
 reynolds_becks  my_real_name  FemalesLikeUs  SwaggisBroathe1  NRA What happens if you get assaulted or harased bec… 
 primediscussion Dude looks like he has a blue lives matter bumper sticker on his scooter he uses at Walmart
Balenciaga runners just to go to Walmart
 Walmart nice....
 Walmart // walmart shopper..
IM GONNA LOSE MY SHIT IN A WALMART
 StockCats you're in walmart? community service punishment for unpaid parking tickets?
guy in walmart: babe! i need 30 bags of chips 

is it weird if i ask if we can hang out?
 toridennyn You can buy cheap liquid latex around Halloween at Walmart, and they have really good bruise stacks (better than Ben nye tbh)
"women likes when men know what they want" - hairstyles   Walmart
 USAinLON92  FullyPoseable  Walmart  GrimsToyShow Nia is phenomenal, picked her up as well as the Nakamura from the same series
I liked a  YouTube video  50 Walmart Challenge + Review + OOTD
i was at walmart when tally hall was on tree town sound
i could probably find a switch in stock at gamestop or walmart since i live in a shitty small town but im not willing to leave the house rn
 David_ABC21  ABC21WPTA hi david my mom saw you at walmart by lima road did you have your beer run
 Ocampo1 It's a win-win for both companies. Walmart, I'm sure, gets paid to sponsor other companies, and the compan… 
 MrBeastYT I dare you too SCREAM Your Name in Walmart
What can slow down Amazon? 
Walmart - UPS merger? 
Microsoft cloud? 
Google AI? 
The government? (my pick)
I may have just found a couple of Nintendo Switches at Walmart. 
Lmao this Walmart truck hit a parked car
 spencycle  shawnoudomdy1  Walmart Nor have I, even logged in it's still good
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oceanside, CA 
Good Walmart find! Found me a  Blaney car! 
 onatimeout Return the lotion to the store with your receipt for a refund and share feedback about product quality,… 
All imma say is never trust walmart to assemble your shit that you buy from them
Had a mental breakdown at Walmart. I just feel so sad and empty right now.
Don't know if anyone will read but just really down right now.
Eric Carle Kids' Board Books from  3 + pickup at Walmart
http:
"Cos. must create opportunities for associates to develop their skill sets," says Kenney Tran of  Walmart.  APAICS 
 charlie_core  FullyPoseable  Walmart  GrimsToyShow I completely agree, or it has to be a new figure such as the Nia Jax
so I'm in Walmart and they're playing my favorite Linkin Park song over the musac, times are changing
Meals at McDonald's, Wendy's and say Five Guys cost about the same. So does gallon of milk at Target v Walmart. Prices are visible.
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Valley Stream, NY 
 RealSuperPower  UnrealRonBrown  almac8241951  RubyRubyp311  MOVEFORWARDHUGE Everyone working for Walmart can get i… 
Gotta love the people at Walmart 😂😂😂 
 hec_stylez  Walmart That's what I thought but a lot of people are saying their orders are fine, just curious
My mom has 2 hours to get stuff done in Walmart. I promise you she will some how spend 4 hours in Walmart.
 unspeakableGAF There were ones that changed colors?! My lunchbox was getting gipped lol. Walmart has tons of diffe… 
 FullyPoseable  USAinLON92  Walmart  GrimsToyShow I've spotted those series of battle packs all over southern WV, n… 
 ReTweet  Stroller  Jeep Cherokee Sport Stroller React 
 itsjustjo___ We reviewed why filters did not catch this offensive speech and have put more steps in place 2 review… 
I'd rather be at home watching the office than stuck in Walmart...
 trafaIgar Check out the positions we have available, here:  We appreciate your interest in working with us! - Mo
 hec_stylez  grizzlystation  Walmart nah mine aren't getting canceled. I talked with a walmart rep and they said mine won't get canceled.
 prchovanec 13. It was in the 1990s that Walmart expanded to every single state. Policy shaped Walmart, and Walmart… 
Top 10 essentials that can be bought at your local Walmart, Target or any local store near you. Do you have your es… 
Fred is playing my game but I'm stuck at Walmart shopping
 tylestiel walmart single handedly is the best store (besides target) in the entire universe i know this for a fact.
 SwayloJr Michaels or Walmart
 tlschwerz  NickyBurdi19 It's not just athletes. Target once traded me to WalMart for two cashiers to be named later.
When your with your bff then you spend 2 hours apart and you see her at Walmart 😂😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Clarksville, IN 
going to walmart anyone want a thing
EVEN  IF you didn't use coupons at BJ's- BJ's would STILL be cheaper than Walmart & Amazon!

SEE HERE>>
 Walmart  tamidunnyoutube  reviewed your  greatvalue  tropickles  fruitpunch  pickles 
 tylestiel im writing to walmarts CEO we need to GET U GUYS A WALMART EVERYTHING IS SO CHEAP THERE LIKE WHAAAAAT
Went for a nice little walk after our Walmart trip :) 
I fell inside Walmart this morning 😂😂😂 funniest shit ever
Walmart on dysart is looking like a detention center, or a elementary school... either weyyy.
I don't have any eyelashes and I'm lazy to go to Walmart rn 😅😩
Amazon intends to do to globally, what Walmart did to the local retailer. 
nude girls in walmart grany houseporn com 
 davidh7426  HillaryClinton indubitably 
i take a video of jake in walmart and like all his managers and personnel and shit were saying to watch me 😂
 EricMetzdorf Go to Walmart and get a thing of condoms and ask to try them on and ask if they could help u put them on
If you have  5 to spare, give back by going to Walmart and getting a homeless woman a box of tampons, you'll make her year I promise 😥
WIN a  100 Walmart Gift Card! (45 WINNERS!!!)  Giveaway 
 NintendoCanada I wish my Walmart had the Splatoon pro controller
 destanixou carrefour, auchan, cora,  well everything except walmart
Langdale Honda's School Tools for Cool Kids presented by Southeastern Credit Union Live in location at Walmart on... 
 itsjustjo___ Hi Jo - We were mortified when we saw that product description. We're so sorry it appeared on our sit… 
Why do people FaceTime in Walmart 😂😂😂
Donate a backpack  and school supplies today!!! for the ordinary at Walmart on 16503 Nacogdoches… 
Retweeted KIRO 7 ( KIRO7Seattle):

Woman, deputies aid 4 children left in car in Walmart parking lot... 
this old lady keeps trying to run me over w her shopping cart now i remember why i hate walmart
Find  Faithsnacks at a local  walmart near you! Visit: 😊 
I'm so sweaty inside the Walmart I'm SORRY EVERYONE I FEEL SO DISGUSTING
FREEBoeingTE Town House Crackers & Hummus Snack Box At Walmart

 destanixou AUCHAN IS JUST LIKE WALMART DES WE HAVE TAMPONS TOO SHAMPOO AND CLOTHES
You gonna fix this,  walmart ? Or should I ditch you and flock over to  Target when they open their preorders?
Honestly hearing some of the songs from Moana in Walmart made my day.
 BB19 Paul caught shopping at Walmart 
Just sang to a cashier at Walmart... 😅 life is good  BeaMavrick
I need to go to Walmart but I'm too lazy😩
Since when did people at target get as retarded as walmart people
 Vegas did you know you can pay your  LVVWD water bill at most  LasVegas Western Union, Walmart & Smiths stores?… 
 PRT  Stroller  JL Childress Cool N Cargo Stroller Cooler 
 caylotaylo1998 let's go to walmart ?
 PebblesPEB  chbrugge  twilgaming None of what Walmart says sound alike the truth but they only listened to his version. Lulu had zero POV
OH FOR THE LOVE OF EVERYTHING ONE OF MY KIND OF IRLS IS AT WALMART TOO NOO
fat walmart butch of ur dreams 
 Walmart Plans to arrive  Walmart 
ISLAM OBoeingMA AUGUSTINE  BarackObama
the sun got me fucked up in a parking lot at walmart. 
 CrazyinRussia we do something like it at walmart
Just met a girl named Carola in Walmart. She said she got Toyota jokes too and that us cars must stay together👊🏼🚗
Philco PME25 Inox 25 Litros de R  474.9 por R  408.99
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
Smartphone Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) 4034 de R  399.0 por R  267.99
Acesse  oferta  desconto  promoção  Walmart
 xhillzy Brod bought it to fuckig troll me because we were at Walmart in bumfuck Indiana lololol
 NEONMATHERS THESE ARE NOT THE MAGICAL WALMART THO. WALMART IS THE ONE PLACE WHERE I CAN BUY ALL MY GROCERIES AND T… 
Did anyone else preorder the SNES classic from  Walmart and have the order cancelled this morning? Or was it just me
You know you look a special kind of fucked up when the Walmart cashier looks at you, laughs and asks if you’re having a rough day.
One of the not so fun parts of pregnancy is having a leg go numb randomly. On the other hand, now I blend in when I go to Walmart
Now, for home cleaning. Bleach, laundry etc. biokleen & ecover can be found at target/walmart & cover most househol… 
Dear  Walmart: 

If you're not going to enforce the item limit on your 'speedy' checkout, what's the fucking point?
Bulldog White Thumb Tacks 40ct - 
 Stegolith2  OriginalFunko practice of Store Exclusives with  Walmart  Walgreens and  Target is garbage! They'd mak… 
 Niwri_Riv Marshall, Burlington, hasta de Walmart si me gusta
I liked a  YouTube video TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART! (COPS CAME)😨🚓
 _beydangerous I still have that VHS. Not that I have a vcr but man, those days. Staying up late back when she stil… 
do they have walmart in canada
HUGE Walmart Summer Patio & Garden Clearance Sale via SwagGrabber - Walmart has just marked down ... 
Supercenter 05101 - Hourly Positions - Walmart - Pahrump, NV 
 SplendaDadd they need to be at Walmart smh
In walmart 😂
‘Pure compassion and love': Hand-in-hand, Walmart employee helps blind man shop 
Ian Been In Walmart In 30 Years.😂
BREAKING: 2 hurt in shooting at Florida Walmart – Palm Beach Publish 
 Walmart   Stop selling  these horrible,  INHUMANE glue traps! NO animal deserves 2 die like this.😭Please remove th… 
Are they at Walmart to fix my broken router? For free? 
Update: Spilled a drink on my pants so I had to go get pants from Walmart. Rolled into a car when I parked and dinged my bumper 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
I really regret not going to walmart after work yesterday instead of going straight home.
U.S. Message to China: Hands Off Our Companies - The Wall Street Journal Yeah!! Hands off  Walmart!!! 
 thereadyset a walmart deli sandwich
 beautyyblueeyes Yesssss I'm so envious of everyone with their museums and little gyms and indoor play areas 😩 I'm… 
Walking around Walmart is one of the most therapeutic things in the world... I don't get it but it works 😂
I didn't think it was true about managers wearing a cape   Walmart 😂😂😂🤦🏽‍♀️
steals cookies from walmart
kbye
 ZoHuncho  Shellyyxp 😂😂😂 I be bored going to Walmart by myself now
Use to buy 36 of these for 6 bucks at walmart and sellem at lunch for 50 cents. Thats How a young ten year old woul… 
Man sings The Star-Spangled Banner over the loudspeaker at Walmart. Awesome performance that started as a dare. 👍🏼🇺🇸 
Walmart and these pathways 🙄🙄
Is this lulu lemon, nahhhh it's Walmart 😂😂😂
 badsequel I love walmart
this one time i seen a midget at walmart and i had to walked passed him and i almost started crying hahaha
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
Walmart should host fights i think that'd be a good business move
It was worth coming outside to see that my Walmart daddy is working! 💓
.... they have carrefour NOT WALMART
Supercenter 01951 - Hourly Positions - Walmart - Ontario, OR 
FREE Bounce Dryer Sheets 34-ct. at Walmart After Cash Back! via Oklahoma's ... 
I may have rearranged some letters at Walmart. Whoops! 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Macon, GA 
 AlverezAmanda Should go in with ten thousand soldiers and leave no Muslims alive,, build a Walmart on their bodies when you are done
Just spent 2.5 hours in Walmart. Freaking kill me. 😐☠️
 Walmart Auther at Westfield IN location does right by your customers. Thanks
They're playing salsa music in Walmart and I'm over here dancing in the cracker isle 😂💃🏻
When you go shopping at  Target but you're dressed for  Walmart  peopleofwalmart  peopleoftarget  idefinitelymadesomeoneslist 😂
 dcseifert I know, I bought one for my sons dorm at walmart like 50 or 60 bucks.
can we stop trying to make champion happen? when i was a kid, that sh*t was  7 in walmart & now it's  70   urban outfitters
PSA.... don't use the restrooms in Walmart unless you wanna die
if nobody's gonna say it, I will.          

                                I love Walmart
 RileySidell I also made a trans pride tank (which is in the laundry or I'd take a pic) and the tank came from the boy's section of walmart.
 prosehaikus I find it pretty workable.  Meet at a public parking lot ie Walmart.
How Walmart uses AI to serve 140 million customers a week 
Currently taking a shit in a Walmart surrounded by hundreds of people. Wish me luck.
 bollos87 Fletcher Walmart
And now I'm stuck with a Walmart account I never wanted. Fan fucking tastic.
I'm at Walmart. My worst fear is being a person of Walmart. I hope nobody judges me for wearing crocs and a I Can't Adult Today t-shirt.
Mexicans be beefing low key when they see you in Walmart with a basket full of jalapeños, salsa, beans,... 
 realDonaldTrump When does WalMart start carrying Made in USA anything???
 Walmart needs to do better mobile service in their stores. Multiple providers don't work. Verifying shopping list is a no go.
 nguyenallyy Suave at Walmart only  3

Interesting, already heard Walmart was telling suppliers they had to get off the Amzon Cloud.
piss porn clips naked girls of walmart 
 vanessatacos  sammythenurse walmart!! it's where all the creamers are
Lady in front of the maplewood Walmart is pulling a Yano and hawking her DVD on the way in.
just watched a couple fight over chicken in Walmart 😂😂😂😂
Why does the customer service area at Walmart always smell like that
 SweetMaryJanesS Oh no! We are so sorry to see that your Kit Kats did not arrive as expected.  Please share this wi… 
My Trip to Ralphs & Walmart!!!  ralphs  walmart  shopping  saver  couponer  couponcommunity 
 AP_Oddities 820 pounds will barely trip the doors at Walmart.
 NintendoAmerica Very dirty to randomly post preorder on Walmart and not tell anyone. Very upsetting as a Nintendo fan.
Walmart: Sunbelt Bakery Granola Bars 10ct Only  0.63! on  bloglovin
Mom: Take your sister to do something fun 
Me: like what? Strolling around Walmart? There's nothing here 😂
Bateria Samsung Galaxy S4 - Orig... Apenas R 171.00 Acesse  celular   oferta  desconto… 
 Gaming Bright Starts Shake & Spin Activity Balls for  3 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
Prescott Valley Walmart Celebrates First Academy Graduates

 eNewsAZnow
I've been waiting in this Walmart line since 1920
 EricMetzdorf Go to Walmart and act crazy and try to get kicked out
Come help us Stuff the Bus, we are at Manhattan Walmart for one more hour! 
i forgot the new walmart has a subway in it
That's why it's only  1 not  2 like Walmart, it either works faster or slower ... cleaners can be entirely different, safer formulations?
Walmart: Sunbelt Bakery Granola Bars 10ct Only  0.63! 
Bic Soleil Disposable Razors as LOW as  0.88 Crest, Target, Walmart & Homeland! 
 FullyPoseable  Walmart  GrimsToyShow Face scan is off but great detail on her shirt
Learn how leading  grocery stores like  Publix,  Kroger or  Walmart save on energy costs:  energysavings  cutcosts
 OKeijiDragon Walmart already cancelled several of them according to some comments on GoNintendo. They like to do that
Is going to Costco sloshed anything like going to Walmart sloshed? It does not happen to be after midnight; asking for a friend.
When you feel more comfortable at a Walmart then a Farmer's Market then your market has failed.
 MichaelSuddard  McD_Canada Ever since it was sold the quality has gone down at that Walmart !
so when i go to study in france i am bringing those huge walmart bags of fruity pebbles with me. idgaf
Get an Identity, Target, Before Walmart and Amazon Pummel You Even More  PhillyBusiness
The only  millennial on this  APAICS  LARegional panel bought a condo in pricy  LA and he works at  walmart! Who kn… 
Watch the shark be a fake shark like the ones you buy at Walmart 😂 
Been walking around Walmart and Sally's for an hour, cause why not? 🤷🏽‍♀️
 Wes10  buteraqrande STOP just release ur video or i will spam ur dms with my FLO RIDA WALMART EDIT 
 LettieriDC  Noahpinion  BLS_gov I ordered paper goods from Walmart today.  Amazon just couldn't compete.
asian classic porn teens naked in walmart free pics 
"Cheeta Bags" got a Walmart screen printing kit for this
 smtwno its liek aaying walmart is better than gucci
I'm wearing a shirt I bought at Walmart... at that same Walmart. Mommy, am I white trash? 😢
Let's Go Shopping (Walmart Style): via  YouTube
I'm on the hunt to find fishnet tights again because Walmart ran out fml
 USAinLON92  Walmart  GrimsToyShow How is that Sasha in the BP?
 jneeley78 Sometimes, retirees work as greeters at Walmart. Sometimes they join the Trump administration
I'm about to go to Walmart and buy needles and yarn and teach myself to knit so when does school start again
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Sanford, FL 
 tsmkyrie You can find us at Walgreen's, 7-Eleven, Walmart, and convenience stores!
 NinWire no word from you guys last night when the SNES classic went up at Walmart. You only had one job...
 Caitlynpapa_13 I hop around lol I work at the one on George Urban, the one down Union by Walden, then the one on W… 
Screw Walmart for cancelling my preorder.
Left my phone at Walmart, woman turned it in....there are still nice people thank you!!!!
When  lzhernandez02 was at your local WalMart and you missed it 😔
If anybody knows where I can get a copy of  chancetherapper 's Acid Rap, it would be much appreciated!!! Thanks!!!! ((Ps- no Walmart/amazon)
All drunk  at Walmart
No purchases but spotted Battle Pack Series 47 and Bascis Series 73  Walmart on Long Island, NY.  FullyPoseable… 
As I'm at Walmart I start to feel extremely sick & im start sweeting like I'm gonna pass out...
Walmart Gift Card  100 - Card in Hand, Ready to Ship (FE1018412) 
***CRAYOLA DEAL*** TWELVE Crayola Colored Pencils for ONLY  .97: <-- ships FREE when you... 
 DrJuneAndrews Great meeting you + the wise team at Walmart. Loved the talk. 👍
Had met w/  profjsb earlier too.
 jstar79 I need a lot of prayers then because I go to Walmart too often!  You wouldn't believe the things that go on there!
WE CAN AGREE TO HAVE ERICA JANES HUSBoeingND HANDLE ALL CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN FRITO LAY N WALMART IN REGARDS TO ME 
 Redman757590  JBSJr99  BaronVonGenius  OmarGordon305  TIME Oh and trump giving big corporations tax breaks is goin… 
I don't understand how people dont like Walmart? Literally everything you need to buy is right there what's not to love about that lol
 Walmart thinks that buying a chromebook and Office is a good idea 
Went to Walmart they didn't have it but Target did. Anyway I haven't slept, I'm tired as shit goodnight 
My new posse logo  bumpa  whadyathink   Walmart Supercenter Princeton - 21st Ave N 
DEAR GOD PLEASE LET THAT BUILDING IN FRONT OF WALMART BE A COOKOUT 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
This lady at walmart said "excuse me sir" to a female employee that happened to hav a buzzcut & i was standin there witnessing the awkness
Best  cleaning duo I've found=>Get a  deal with the  Walmart  bundle!  UnleashTheCleanSquad… 
not blaming the walmart lady... but she overpacked a bag with glass, it broke the bag, the glass shattered and now I have glass in my foot 😑
y'all I just seen a celebrity  walmart  ChanningCJudith
,Why da hell everybody at Walmart!
I can go get the same shirt at Walmart for  7 
 leeseungbutt Walmart version
Stafford siced for this new tobacco store by Walmart 😂
Oh yeah the one who got kicked out of Walmart for washing his genitals in our bathroom sink! Love that guy! 
 narvice4lyfe Damn ur still at walmart
 Computerdan7 We are so sorry to hear this.  Please contact a manager anytime lines are too long and let us know, h… 
yo where do u buy black soap (not online)? like do ... — um you can buy it frm walmart just look closely at ... 
Impressed w/  Walmart free grocery pickup service.  kroger and  Publix you need to up your game. 
Bring out your natural beauty with this deal on Biore at Walmart!  walmart  biore  couponcommunity 
 Trill_Shantel The best Walmart in Tampa, it's off Fletcher
Evenflo Portable BabySuite Deluxe Just  67.99 Shipped (Regularly  114.97) 
Idk what's worse the people at Walmart or the people who work there
People need to learn personal space. This lady in Walmart could probably count how many freckles I have on my face
 NYMag She'd be bagging groceries at Walmart if her daddy wasn't Don the Con.
 itscoyo_  idk whether I should be offended or happy that any time you go to Walmart you think of me of me 😂
I bought a bathing suit too at walmart and it's a bit big in booby part
Bright Starts Shake & Spin Activity Balls for  3 + pickup at Walmart - CNET - 
There was a shooting at a place a live near... guess where... a Wal-Mart.. the worst place alive   Walmart  walmarthelp  Walmart
Been at the automotive care center in Walmart for two hours getting a new battery. Fun time. 
the reason being i was drunk at walmart and splatoon 2 just came out
Proud to be part of  Walmart 
Logitech Harmony 650 Universal Remote Control  34.97 at 
at least in Walmart people won't judge me for being fat
Something nice ... Walmart employee helps blind man shop 


walmart women that fuck xxx heather kozar porn 
Only I would step on a piece of glass in Walmart and have a foot covered in blood.  happysaturday
Standing in line at Walmart listening to two 10-yr-old girls argue about fidget spinners. What has the world come to? 😔
Also I just realized that  ThomasSanders & I have basically the same shirt. Yes I know mine is very washed out. It'… 
 KenneyTran  Walmart store manager talks store must be  engaged in the  LAcommunity. 
Also, I saw this girl at Walmart. 😑 
 Walmart **some come on Walmart has
Just sent the wife out to Walmart 2 days in and nearly out  winetime
Get an Identity, Target, Before Walmart and Amazon Pummel You Even More  TGT,  Walmart, via  TheStreet
okay i gotta go to hot topic & get a shirt and then get a drawstring bag at walmart i get off work in 40 mins 😎😎
Good dry cleaners?? Near Walmart in 23rd or downtown Panama City?
The North face of the US Treasury Building at The Mall Washington DC USA Poster Print - 
I wish I could still get my school supplies list in Walmart or target
this kid is having a screaming tantrum because he wants to go to WalMart. . .
 BieberFatou Let us know what you want to see in store at and we will do our best to have it available! - Mo
False advertising. Should say: 
LIVE HERE. 
Drive your Rascal to Walmart & McDonalds. 
 Walmart some come to apply for credit card & get  25 off. Got approved but could not use cause no CC  given to me. Won't shop Walmart ever
And i need to go walmart
Snagged one of these bad boys last night with the Walmart preorder. I feel pretty good about it! My wallet. Not so… 
 cleannef_ but not on the shelf anywhere i could find in the princeton walmart! so i grabbed it & ran 😂😍
I need to go to the store, but why is Walmart such a terrible place?
day 2 of living in Kentucky: mooned everyone outside of super Walmart
Could have just bought a  40 fridge at Walmart .. glad those staffers said f*** off 
I talked to a walmart cs rep and they said preorders weren't supposed to be open yet. thats why they're cancelling orders.
SNES Mini Walmart Pre-Orders Lasted 30 Minutes Before Going Out Of Stock; Orders Being Cancelled 
Walmart didn't have tires for my car. Called 3. No luck. Now spending an arm and leg to get 2 tires somewhere else
I love to get my jeans from Walmart because they're always too short so I just roll them up one time and keep going.
 CashNastyGaming I bet you won't wear Walmart shoes in 1v1
 jessfromthabloc Bout to go to Walmart text me
I'm getting cranky someone better feed me or get me the fuck out of Walmart soon
 Moon_JuJu_ Feel free to share any product requests you have with us at  We appreciate you reaching out to us! - Mo
Walmart sandals are not quality
They're remodeling Walmart and I hate it bc I don't know where tf anything is
Do NOT go to  Walmart today!!
Pack Of Thugs Attack Mom & Baby At Walmart — Made One Massive Mistake 
sometimes I relate to the people in the walmart parking lot leaning out of their windows + ringing their cowbells at passerby
Walmart credit card due 😒
 coshayta I know! I was tryna say "Walmart" but ended up saying watermelon 🍉😂
 imjeremytho  AlabamaFTBL  nflnetwork  AD2LIVE_4 I'm sure you were a HUGE bama fan before Saban arrived 🤣
8 Essential Laundry Tips and Tricks You Need to Know 
 CLopez64 Lol yeah.. or they should have some at Walmart by the cards and birthday stuff
 BuzzFeed  Walmart this is a balance between funny, smart, and a great social media moment.  walmart, thanks for the good laugh
 KingKhannor I'm going to Walmart don't worry
 BrinaPitts I demand to know why Walmart is in a meat crisis
Getting a few things here then finally heading back home. It is way too hot outside! (at  Walmart Supercenter) 
I literally can not step into Walmart without buying at least 20  worth of useless shit
This kid behind me in the Walmart line is hissing at his mom...
I swear the AC never works in Walmart, as if I didn't hate this place enough😂😂  catchthesehandswalmart
Lake Geneva Rescue: Walmart parking lot for a 2 car accident, 1 subject unresponsive
Waiting on an oil change with these 2 scamps. (  Walmart Supercenter in Austin, TX) 
 ThaisPelicioli Na Walmart
 PointChaser Do you know of any problems buying Visa cards at Walmart?
 NovaMutHD She's usually busy with him. The majority of the time I work. When I'm not a supervisor I'm a Walmart Em… 
 Walmart  KingJames hey guys! Our basketball net came without the net. Can we get some help? 
 CocaColaCo  Walmart   vacation how about a retweet and sponsorship next year for 26 people Walmart why no… 
 facesablur Never in my waking life have I seen a Walmart with a fucking gas station
 kelltoosuave Lmao  1 at Walmart !
 YungBee98 No lol. The little Oreo crunch yogurts from Walmart or sum. 😂
 TwitterMktg  Target  1 We buy local,  2 Look for "Made in USA",  3 We never Buy "Made in China",  4 Find online,  … 
How the fuck is Walmart sold out of ping pong balls
 GQJQ87 walmart only bad really small ones but i'll have to check dunhams!! thanks!
 Ottawa_Biker  McD_Canada That's all?  You should see the Walmart Trainyards Rotten Ronnie's!
ITS 2017 AND WALMART DOESNT TAKE APPLE PAY. WHAT THE LITERAL FUCK
this fucking dude just now at Walmart had on a Yankees jersey & a Cubs hat.. I don't mind either or but 2gether? I almost slapped the prick.
Gucci VS Walmart 
A lady at walmart just recognized us from seeing us riding the train at forest festival and said we have such cute kids lol... weird. 😂
OMG 

In Walmart.
Men's bathroom
Old dude w headphones at urinal
Singing his ass off.
Stops.
Farts for a full 10 secs
10 secs is a long time
 Walmart  Walmart crazy..... hangers for toilet paper ? 
Free  10 gift card from Walmart or cash bonus. Free to Join. Link to my resource page in bio… 
 mamaaaarielle Ok on my way to Walmart right now
There needs to be a slow lane and a fast lane between aisles in Walmart 🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
 cturnernola I had just gotten stitches taken out after mayor surgery and went back to work too soon and incision w… 
Walmart really be getting you to buy unnecessary shit
girls of walmart nudes pokemon hentai nude 
N-word used on Walmart website to describe product color | New York Post via  YouTube
 RiverdALIEN  MF_Brown  Chronoplex_  LordBalvin Yeah only Walmart
 EricPattonPsi I went to walmart to buy a cheap pair of slacks, because I hate spending money on clothes, and they… 
It's raining like shit ! I hope the power go out at Walmart
68% discount - Masters of the Universe Stratos GIANTS Action Figure

Will never forget the time my mom was drunk and hopped in the ball pit at Walmart, if I'm not her daughter
At the N Academy Walmart with  lucybergemann collecting school supplies for local kids in need! Drop by and say hel… 
 MensHumor  Jessicaaaaaa23 me when I left mine in Walmart 😂😳
Bruh there is this couple about to square up at Walmart and I'm just here watching , laughing
But for all the machines to be UNABLE to accept credit cards tho...   ridiculous (  Walmart Store) on  Yelp 
Let's go to Walmart 
When you're in Walmart and you find a cheap monthly price for an iPhone 6S on your service provider. 😂😂😂
Welp, there goes Walmart cancelling my SNES Classic order.
This guy legitimately following me around Walmart
haha YES! this is like my friend telling me he wants to run into walmart in 50's clothing and yell " 
📰 | You Can Now Get A ' Sweet Like Candy ' Body Mist At Walmart. 
The Walmart here has a sassy Gay worker and I just love him to death. He's a straight out savage.
 a_schendel Dunhams I do believe or Walmart.
Time to get some new swim where now! (at  Walmart in Centereach, NY) 
 resistanceTN  cindylbuckeye  realDonaldTrump Cindy..leave the sophisticated, educated genius alone..he is, after a… 
 ilel  TimThorsby  alllibertynews  ratman720  rmisbach  nuwriter  Thehazeydaze  TexArcana  KrissyMAGA3X… 
walmart got me fucked up. they will not see me on the 29th
 QuanFlix_  MF_Brown  Chronoplex_  LordBalvin Amazon and BB start yet? It was just Walmart so far right?
I'm mad af, how Walmart gonna have Dill pickle flavor lays but not Lemon flavor lays 😤😤
WALMART BOARD HACKS  skateboarding
I gotta get to the Route 40 Walmart & see those fools in capes. 
I liked a  YouTube video HOW TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (INTERCOM PRANK)
 MichaelG_BR1  hec_stylez  Walmart  PayPal  Walmart   Great customer service not replying. Your company is a joke.
 taylorndean I don't like to think of aliens as being cold-hearted and manipulative politicians/Walmart owners. Ali… 
I watched that Walmart conspiracy video on YouTube and I'm super curious now
Walmart grocery shopping online...  also sells school supplies and delivers it to your car!
Pampers Splashers ONLY  3.50 (reg.  9.22) -  PrintableCouponDeals  Retail  Walmart
My usual Walmart has the Disney Infinity figures on clearance for 3 dollars so I picked up 
Me and Walmart after not shopping in 2 months are not a good thing!! Spent way too much! Yikes!!
I Hope My Aunt & Sister Don't Spend All Day In Walmart
Go pick up my children's book  adventuresofsupersavoirgirl and friends! Epic hero adventure! In selected stores near you  Walmart  Amazon
Mayslanding Walmart might actually be one of the most ratchet places I've ever been to
 ItsJust__MJ We apologize for the wait at checkout.  Please locate a manager whenever you see long lines and notify… 
Making a special trip to Walmart just for almonds and beef jerky before work... this is my life 🙄
Park way away at Walmart, empty spots all around and of course someone parks next to me
Picking up these school supplies. Glad that list isn't long. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Birmingham, AL) 
 _biancacarrasco then we went to walmart to buy some fishes 😂
thread: the things I've seen and witnessed as a Walmart associate
I had to buy that tv like Walmart got hella sales
2 injured in shooting at Mount Dora Walmart, police say 
Walmart is actually cheaper to go buy dorm room stuff and school supplies
catch me throwing a tantrum at the local walmart because of fake pockets
 walmart  walmartgrocery Chelsea was exceptional at the S Minnesota Ave SF, SD location today. Our first time using online order for pick up
"Changing customer needs means  Walmart needs to offer new options for shoppers," says Kenney Tran.  LARegional… 
 Nudah when is the PO box opening so I can send those Walmart bandanas like I said I would in Hys stream???
Ozark Trail 28 qt Cooler Float with 2 Cup Holders  3.50 at Walmart 
Ah, Utah. U never fail to disappoint. This is wedged between a Walmart and a Petco 
Net10 LG 236C Flip Cell Phone - 
Miss my old walmart bestfriend 😭❤️  ohheyitssadee
Whoever car gettin towed at Walmart on nicholasville rd the tow truck broke down go get yo shit
 Computerdan7 Oh no! Please locate a manager when you need a register opened and share with us at - Mo
 turbojunker  soundblaster16  steveluvender  VeryFakePhil  BaseballBalks I must be lost here but every single store… 
THEY FR WEAR CAPES AT WALMART !!!!
SEALED WALMART EXCLUSIVE MAN OF STEEL STEELBOOK BLU-RAY DVD DIGITAL 
76% discount - Refurbished Apple iPod Touch 4th Gen 8GB 3.5" Touchscreen Wi-Fi Digital Mus

SNES Mini Walmart Pre-Orders Lasted 30 Minutes Before Going Out Of Stock; Orders Being Cancelled: … 
6) Like saving  money?  Save on  cottonelle Mega Rolls at  Walmart! Find out how ->  NeverRunOut  ad
THE SUSPENSE IS KILLING ME FUCK I NEED TO GO TO WALMART FUCKFAIDFJAIO;DFJ
I really don't understand how I've survived this long at Walmart with the racist white people.
Just went up to Belmont Walmart for 5 items, literally the worst thing I've ever done in my life
hi i'm bored i went to Walmart to buy umbrellas for us bc it's so mf hot,, 
Well I lost my mom in Walmart what's new🤷🏻‍♂️
 MurkFlawz  Walmart I hope you aren't insulting me needlessly  MurkFlawz .
I remember when I bought meat from Walmart this shit was so red but when I got home and washed it, it was brownish… 
SNES Mini Walmart Pre-Orders Lasted 30 Minutes Before Going Out Of Stock; Orders Being Cancelled  N4G
 TraceeSmith18 Me the entire last 6 months I worked at Walmart
 keifer_paul Oh no! We are so sorry to see this.  Please share this with us at so that we can help. - Mo
The walmart in gentilly debit/credit card and phones don't work. Lmao
Hedge Funds For Dummies:  SPY  SPX  VIX  Apple  AMZN  Google  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart  IBM
Democrats Urge Antitrust Action Against Amazon Over Whole Foods Deal  AMZN  WFM Also  Walmart 
Zacks: Analysts Expect Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart to Announce  1.06 EPS 
Walmart Hydrogen Trucking | Keith Bare | Pulse | LinkedIn  PLUG  Walmart 
Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond:  KO  PEP  MCD  Walmart  KSS  LYB  STX WDC
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Position Boosted by LS Investment Advisors LLC 
Dividend Champion On Clearance Rack And In My Portfolio  AMZN  CASY  COST  GIII  LE  M  MIK  Walmart  TGT
 Walmart Industry Focus Mailbag -- A Look at Buckle Inc and Kirkland Signature 
Commented on Dividend Champion On Clearance Rack And In My Portfolio  AMZN  CASY  COST  GIII  LE  M  MIK  Walmart  TGT
TNB Financial Increases Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Get an Identity, Target, Before Walmart and Amazon Pummel You Even More  TGT,  Walmart, via  TheStreet
Never stop being creative.  iyr  aig  xbi  xly  wmt  mo  tna  cat  dis  aig  pg  cvx  abbv  FridayBlogs  NYC
Will The Dow's Out-Performers Fall Back To Earth?  Apple  MCD  Boeing  V  MMM  Walmart  CAT  JNJ  HD  MSFT… 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Shares Sold by Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC 
Cramer losing his mind in this summer heat  msft  wmt  amzn 
Will The Dow's Out-Performers Fall Back To Earth?  Apple  MCD  Boeing  V  MMM  Walmart  CAT  JNJ  HD  MSFT 
 ICNB.0117- Huge Media Event- Hampton's Party TONIGHT!!  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR… 
Edmonds Duncan Registered Investment Advisors LLC Has  463,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Shares Bought by Forward Management LLC 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Stake Maintained by North American Management Corp 
 PLUG - Chart update after  Walmart news. Most importantly is the spike in A/D line. Bullish to see this on gap-up day… 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Shares Sold by Canal Capital Management LLC 
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  Walmart  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
 AMZN A Guide To Guessing Where  Amazon Is Going  Walmart  SPY  stocks  stockmarket  investing  finance  TSLA  FB  BoeingBoeing
5 of 5  UNH  UTX  V  VZ  Walmart  XOM and install them on your computer. Skype: gemsbot for info. 
 wind4me  TravisHoium Only 400 active  AMZN facilities, 200 USA  Walmart DC's. 30/year=20yrs (+gse,drone,etc)  Plug 📈… 
100 Baggers: Stocks That Return 100-to-1 and How To Find Them:  Apple  MCD  Walmart  TSLA  MSFT  KO  HD  AMZN  IBM  GE
TNB Financial Purchases 4,006 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
North American Management Corp Maintains Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Good Morning!  agn  ibm  pep  grub  shak  cake  wmt  cost  kr  k  tgt  msft  goog  twtr  aapl  crm  orcl  vrx  myl… 
Weekend! Perfect time to do some DD on  SPCL,  KERMF,  ADXS,  Walmart,  DATA,  HEMP on 
Get an Identify, Target, Before Walmart and Amazon Pummel You Even More  Walmart 
If  Plug was a BB Team? How could you not root for a Ruth (  amzn) Mays (  wmt) Aaron (  hd) Williams ( carrefour)… 
MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Has  9.10 Million Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Westchester Capital Management Inc. Decreases Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
 TGT  Walmart  AMZN  KR  WFM:

Get an Identify, Target, Before Walmart and Amazon Pummel You …:


 wind4me  TravisHoium Irwin says  plug buying 2017 revenue & earnings visibility. Forgot 2018,19,20&21 w/  1.2B in… 
 wind4me  KennyLangone  JoeSquawk  BeckyQuick  SquawkCNBC No "think" to it,  Plug  PlugPowerInc in big league (… 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Shares Sold by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp 
Westchester Capital Management Inc. Lowers Position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart 
Don't miss our next FREE OPTION TRADE.  Sign up for our Daily Free Trades at  NVDA  TSLA  GS  GILD  Walmart  Google  FB
Real Estate Investing: How to Flip a House as a Real Estate Investor:  realestate  HD  Walmart  SPY  LL  DE
Why Plug Power Inc Shares Popped as Much as 19% Today  themotleyfool  stocks  AMZN,  Walmart,  PLUG 
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart to Hold 
Why Plug Power, Capital One Financial, and athenahealth Jumped Today  themotleyfool  stocks  Walmart,  COF,  ATHN,  PLUG 
3 Reasons Hampton Creek Wants to Start Selling Animal-Free Meat in 2018  themotleyfool  stocks  Walmart,  WFM,  TSN 
 Plug backlog has to over 1 billion dollars now  amzn  wmt
 WiadomościRynkowe  MSFT  AMZN  Walmart  PLUG 
 AMZN been around as long as  justinbieber but only recently proved sell side wrong: no safe sectors  SHLD  HD  LOW  AAP  AMZN  Walmart
22) FYI!  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  ge  hlf… 
22) Enough Said!  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb… 
21)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gm  ge  hlf… 
20)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gild  hlf… 
19) pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gm  ge  halo… 
18)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gold  hlf… 
17)   pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  ge  gpro  hd… 
16) pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  k  kr  wfm  aa… 
15)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gild  hlf… 
14)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gild  jlf… 
13)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gild  hot… 
12)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gpro  hlf… 
11)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  ge  halo… 
10) pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  ge  hun  jack… 
9) pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gm  hlf  jnj… 
8) pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gild  halo  jnj… 
7) pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  halo  ibm  agn… 
6)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  agn  jnj  kite… 
5)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gild  ge  twtr… 
4) pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb  gild  ge hlf… 
3)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb gild  gd  hlf… 
2)  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm  k  kr  cost  mcd  aa  fb get  gild  hlf… 
3 Dividend Stocks That Thrive in Market Crashes  Walmart  AMGN  JNJ  motleyfool
“The main difference between Walmart and Amazon is that  Walmart sells groceries, while  AMZN changes consumer behavior” 
The 10 Rules of Sam Walton: Success Secrets for Remarkable Results:  Walmart  walmart  business  entrepreneurship
New Customer Contract - 1154096  Plug  Walmart 
Stay Tuned For My Next Article, This Time On  PEPSI!
🔥💎
 pep  ko  dps  crm  brk  iep  twtr  jazz  f  aapl  amzn  fb… 
Plug Power  PLUG surges 15% today as news of Walmart deal surfaces. Already have a deal with Amazon.   AMZN  Walmart
 PLUG &  Walmart Expanded deal for  FuelCell Forklifts &  H2 Infrastructure follows recent large deal w  AMZN: Momentum 
Perception  FuelCells Years away WRONG; NY 40MW  FuelCell ONLY  Grid Support RFP dec exp soon,  PLUG  Walmart Deal TODA… 
