I'd have to go to Walmart though and I don't feel like it
Family Movie Night with Walmart Family Mobile!  YourTaxCash  FamilyMobile via  odouglass11
Walmart Makes HUGE Move After LA Makes  15 Minimum  Wage Hike via  usheraldnews
 MonsterTrucks is available on  DigitalHD Tuesday. Pre-order your copy on  Walmart today. 
it's legal to open a container of olive oil and walmart and pour the entire thing on yourself. and then lie in wait for your prey.
haha YES! this is like my friend telling me he wants to run into walmart in 50's clothing and yell " 
I'm a six but at Walmart I'm a ten.
"Tf happened to you. Heard u were in walmart playin grand theft auto" OMFG 😂😂😂😂😂😂💀
 HiddenTara  Google that was my point. Walmart has the upper hand in almost everything they do.
The Walmart Exit will forever remind me of Scott's dumbass 🤦🏽‍♀️
I stay coming up with reasons to put off a Walmart run 🙄 I'm just tired and they rob me of my money
 HookZach you should do this next time we are at Walmart 😂 
this old man was riding those motor cart thongs in walmart pretendin he was bling while wearing prescription glasses 😂
get out of my history walmart 
 PeterSweden7  LVNancy I was in Walmart and I wanted to throw bacon in a full burka wearing woman's cart and pretend I thought it was mine 😏
Seeing  sarahgirly98 at walmart honestly made my day today ☺️I missed her so so much ❤
Looky wat i found at Walmart... 🙃 
 i_me_my5elf  vinaydokania 
Exclusive Patanjali shelves in Walmart?
Explore wider US market access thro Walmart
Shameless swallow n uturns
I'm going to Walmart to find a cute outfit or a swimsuit someone help me pick it out pls thx
mom: hey, can u drive to Walmart for me?
me: u wanna die
mom: yea lol
me: okay true same let's do it
basically mom… 
At least the people at Walmart won't judge me
Rima is a terrible employee to Walmart 😂🤦🏾‍♀️
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Sharp 60" 1080p WiFi LED LCD Smart TV for  400 + pickup at Walmart 
 tiffdam31 I go to Walmart like everyday so I guess that is a bonus 😌
Still ain't found a bathing suit I'll go to Walmart and call it a day 😂🙌🏾
 jrgoob  tonyposnanski at least Walmart delivers value for the money. The White house is now the house of horrors. It's sickening. Pls End !
Amazon's Market Cap ( 405 billion) is approx. equal to the combined value of Walmart + Target + Costco + Best Buy +… 
. raejohnston ^Australian branches. Joining J&J, Pepsi, Starbucks, AT&T, Verizon, Walmart, Bank of Scotland, ITV an… 
 rileynterry why was this us in the walmart parking lot that night 😭😭😭😭😭 
I love Walmart 
 most pleasurable sex positions sex with teens at walmart 
Nobody In Walmart N The Lines Arent Movin
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 HiddenTara  Google Walmart comes in and says this is what we want and this what we're going to pay and you have to say thank you.
The “Walmart effect” on retailers is strong at 85th & Minnesota. Take a look at who is coming next.… 
 HiddenTara  Google My friend makes tags for a lot the tags for Walmart products
 MissLizzyNJ They were all out of that model at the Congressional Walmart
Can't go to Walmart without seein somebody
going to Walmart
I just want to know why Walmart don't have no food in stock 🤔😤. Swear it's ridiculous smh
Can't wait to get off from work so I can go to Walmart and buy stuff I don't need 🤓
Beautiful loyable deplorables remember NEVER EVER STARBUCKS WALMART PEPSI NUTRIGRAIN MOUNTAINDEW AQUAFINA KFC PIZZA… 
 SenShelby  RepMoBrooks  SenatorStrange If stocking shelves at Walmart is not ideal for US Workers, imagine when I say "we dig ditches here"
[walmart] Home Theater Yamaha YHT-1810BL 5.1 Canais 600W RMS por R  1.999,00 
okay but some ppl at walmart the fucking funniest 😂😂
Adult or not, there's nothing I hate more than going to Walmart alone. 🙄
Chanel vs. Walmart 
And I got the last one too!  foodporn  icecream  dreyers  specialedition  yummy   Walmart Las… 
Not sure if I'm more excited to go to disney world or walmart
something told me to get that tub of ice cream from Walmart earlier smh
 Bruce_Cares also used the gummies from Walmart. Yellow bottle. Didn't take long to kick in 10-20 minutes
End Walmart's Extortion Scams Today! 
 SamuraiKnitter  teespring there's literally no Walmart where anyone will be able to read those big words
First trip to Walmart and I forget my wallet
Mob rushes Walmart, frightening customers 
 walmart girls naked hot porn video clips 
DIY  StarWars Fabric Covered Garden Pots &  50  Walmart GC  giveaway  ad  EcoScraps  BadFoodGoneGood  organic
 SenShelby  RepMoBrooks  SenatorStrange Walmart Managers are stocking shelves from lack of help! Imagine what I'm going thru!  saveH2B  RWE🙏
i need to learn how to get to walmart
Aight, what's the closest Walmart to me
Seen my boss in Walmart and had to get low bc I definitely called out of work today for no reason 🙃😂
Walmart Makes HUGE Move After LA Makes  15 Minimum  Wage Hike They are packing up & leaving Calif. via  usheraldnews
HE PROBoeingBLY WONDERED Y SOME BUDGET WALMART ARIANA WAS IN HIS M&G 
 mickovary  JeffreeStar I swatched it on my hand at Walmart and it looked good on there ☺️
GIRLFRIEND PULLS DOWN BOYFRIEND'S PANTS IN WALMART PRANK!!!: via  YouTube
Come see me at Walmart right now
Fashion Nova inspires me to go to Walmart and buy a shirt/hoodie for  5 bleach and cut tf out of'em and sell it for  30  realtalk
*goes to ask someone wearing a Walmart uniform a question*

"Oh I'm sorry I don't work here"
 Walmart could someone please contact me regarding a product from one of your stores
Walmart online​ 
Eating options 1 bar, gas station, subway, 2 small cafes. Nearest Walmart is 2 hrs away. Wouldn't change it for not… 
Uuhhyuhhh..Leaving dickies🐖🐓.. next stop, Walmart with my bros👍🏻😁 weochea
[141] Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More via  YouTube
Stop by the Edinboro Walmart tomorrow 7-9 am & sign up for a prize pack with a  50 gift card to Movies at Meadville
 Walmart ok well what's the answer to my question besides the link?
When she says we will be "in and out" at Walmart 
 The1Dev Please also check out opportunities with us at  Thanks for your support! -Hal
I'll never work at HEB, I'll never work at a fast food place, I'll never work at a Kroger, Walmart or whatever.
After telling my mom to stop looking for a store bc Walmart is literally next to us.. "I guess I will even though it's against my religion"
them oatmeal cookies that come ina bag from walmart the best oatmeal cookies ever!!
Even if it's just some cheap ass rubber case from Walmart, I don't fuck around.
Man Shopping For Headphones In Walmart And Was Followed Around By Security! 
Rumors of  .50 cans of soda at Walmart in Germantown. Can anyone confirm this?

We tackle the real issues here at T… 
 Ty_Lakner I ran into her at Walmart a few weeks ago and she told me about it all!
 divinecabello__ walmart makes more money hun 😘😘
 Superhero  Batman Rebirth  1 DC  Comics WALMART 3-PACK Sealed Unread HOT!!!  Bestseller
Walmart is in the process of building the world’ biggest private cloud, to process 2.5 petabytes of data every hour 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Spencer, WV 
I'm not moving to a popular city just to work at Walmart, and live 10 deep in 2 bedroom apartment. I can do that at home
 OneReese_ lol otw to Walmart now. Is it skin too? I used to use natured bounty and it kept my skin clear they were chewy gummies
I came to Walmart for tampons and ended up in the baby section 🙃🙃
That feeling when you go into Walmart but yet there's people being arrested at the front door  Mondays
 Walmart  WalmartNewsroom  dougmcmillen Great Value beef jerky. This made me sick! 🤢🤢🤢
 laura123W So sorry to disappoint you. Did you speak to our store mgt about your concerns and feedback yet? -Hal
Every time I see the girl at Walmart I lose my shit and I get so nervous
 FreeTheGuyzCeo how imma do that? I'm quitting Walmart😂
 therealestzy Walmart
update:we pretended to be one of our parents & called & a manger said they were told about us and that nobody is allowed to film in walmart
When I get bored I go to Walmart  livinginPittsburg
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 4/30/2017 
 EthanJamesPetty walmart brand peanuts and almonds also fall on the list of "just buy planters ya cheap schmuck" for me haha
 OfficialCND  AmiiboNews my walmart had like a clearance section with a few amiibo, I got 3 for  3 each. lol
Every time I listen to  lildurk Chiraq I wanna go break every Tyga CD at Walmart
Build a basket with guy-approved gifts and you could win a  100 Walmart Gift Card.  SlimJimBoldBaskets  
I feel like I go to Walmart at least 3-4 times a week. Because college. 😂
 onlythebulls13 lmao right Walmart nba would be joke lol. Aww damn lil dude smacked lol
I need me a boyfriend who's willing to sit in the bean bag chairs at Walmart with me 🙂
 2 clearance at Walmart. 
This song has been stuck in my head all day... thanks Walmart radio.... I used to listen to this as a kid on my... 
 illysia I used to work at Walmart. Someone shit in a bag and put it on the shelf it was so nasty
Can't wait to get off tonight Walmart not gone see me for a good lil min 😂
Update: went to Walmart today and got everything but the coffee creamer.
McDonald's at Redmond OR. Walmart has a lot of maintenance issues...machines broken & used to provide full meal on breakfast burritos   3pm?
Letter to  Walmart : let the fruit finish growing!! Strawberry ain't even made it to be a strawberry y'all selling straws
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Deals – Walmart Space Heater Clearance – Multiple Models – YMMV – As low as  13 
hello buds i had a good day and med a zillion people and now i have to decide if i want to go to walmart in 25mph winds
 fox5dc No such luck in the tortillas I bought at WalMart yesrerday...😒
I went to Walmart to get a lunchable and already cyclists are trying to kill me.
If me and you are eating a 20 piece chicken meal from Walmart deli and you like the flat wings, we goin always be friends.😍👍💯
Walmart or amazon? 🤔
The only thing cheaper than a candy bar at  Walmart is singular Hot Wheels ugh 
Enjoy those random car rides to get food or to go to Walmart with your parents, because soon you won't be around to take them anymore
Someone go to Walmart for me
I have the day off, I'm all done up, and I have nothing to do but go to Walmart by myself 😑
 WakeYoGameUp937 telling me Walmart shit (well can get at Walmart lol) for recovery is worth 4.5 million?
Walmart - Home Theater Yamaha Yht-1810bl 5.1 Canais 600w Rms - R 1.999,00 Em Até 10x

 
walmart nude 
 Walmart why cant your maple grove store acess a wedding registry when they have a huge 8' sign that says it.… 
How has Walmart managed to keep all flavor out of beef all these years?  walmartmeat
I bought a tile key finder from Walmart today and it was already registered. I hate blacks
Sharp 60" 1080p WiFi LED LCD Smart TV for  400 + pickup at Walmart

free download ppt slides for walmart PPT Templates -   free  download  ppt  slides  for  walmart
LMAO walmart in groton! 
I reallllly dont want to go to Walmart
Walmart be having some of the rudest employees 😂
Tonight's  bgrcouncil agenda includes accepting a donation from Walmart for the purchase of traffic safety vests for  BangorFireDept
 HoshPoint_0  BballWife4Life if you go to WalMart a lot
This Walmart is set up so stupid... I just spent 15 min searching for dog food 🤦🏻‍♀️ smh
James Doyle 
Gonna take a Rufie & a Viagra and go walk around Walmart until it gets interesting.
You can get you a decent bottle of wine from Walmart or Walgreens for  5- 6.
I get that fans don't want to give anything to owners. But it's business. You realize what kind of breaks a walmart gets??
april really dropped my ass for walmart?
I'm pissed   Kylie Jenner for wearing Champions shit bc now I gotta pay  65 for a comfy sweater versus the  10 I used to pay at Walmart
I'm giving away something for you on  Listia: WALMART GIFT CARD  5 PHYSICAL. Get it here - 
Need to make a run to walmart so I can stock up on my snack stash 😍😋
I really want nachos but I can't decide if it's worth it to drive to Walmart and get them
 McDonalds Our local store McDonald's at the Redmond Oregon Walmart Super Center stopped providing ice cream cones w chocolate sauce...why?
Swear I be walking around Walmart like Pac-Man trying to avoid people I know
 mtavenger55 damned walmart T__T
Went to Walmart, just to get outta the house. Aaand didn't help my mood in anyway.
THEY HAD ANOTHER WEEB POSTER AT WALMART AND ITS FUCKIN ADORABLE
Target's new dual-concept stores could set it apart from Publix, Walmart, HomeGoods and Amazon via  tbbjnewsroom
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game  Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
 shannonrwatts  lifemotto sure ok but everyone outraged has to sit next to one of these leggings wearers for 8 hours 
Low Kalz  100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway 
Swear I be walking around Walmart like Pac-Man trying to avoid people I know 😂😂😂
Going to Walmart is the worst feeling
Middle school: I want to be the president.

High school: I want to be a doctor.

College: I'm fine with being a greeter at Walmart!
 kellytownusa  BetsyDeVosED choice between Walmart & McDonalds... and all those coal jobs 45 is working on.
Only I would lose my keys while shopping at Walmart🙃 happymonday
 LegzNHoops54  try walmart the other hoodie site didn't have the emblem on it 
 RidgeKayser  FoxNews  Reince Republicans blocked and bullied Insurance companies into withdrawing care.  You walma… 
Is it just me or has Walmart really stepped up their clothing game 🤔
People at Walmart really test my patience. 😡 
Was sent this picture that was taken looking north from the camden walmart parking lot.  WBBJ7TomMeiners  NWSMemphis  needacloserradar
Getting emotional walking down the food aisle at Walmart realizing I gotta eat army food for the next year  fatkidprobs
Ben: *sees Walmart employee at Walmart* do you have any COWS
Walmart 
Done seen Varsity at Walmart 😎😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Atlanta, GA 
I ate a Smart Food frozen dinner from Walmart and I'm already hungry again an hour later help
 Walmart ok well I hope they don't discriminate against someone who's LGBT obviously so that's why I'm asking this second question
 ShaylaSymone rides the electric wheelchair at Walmart now cuz she pregnant 💀💀💀💀💀💀
 sims_hollyann  RobertIDK relatable af as fuck. There's small packs at gas stations and one foot tubs at target/Walmart
 kenn_elizabethh I use this and i love it. You can get it at walmart, cvs, etc. 
 OriginalFunko  MayTheFunkoBWY  yak_face Alright, score! Hit a jackpot at Walmart today! Grabbed the only ones left. 
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
60" Sharp LC-60N5100U 1080p Smart LED HDTV  400 + Free Shipping 
📷 A woman once sued WalMart for 2 cents and won. 
Over Some Food Stamps Lady Goes Off On A Family At A Walmart 
somebody should take me to walmart. i just don't feel like walking to lot12
Heres a funny prank, knock out a guy from nyc and wake him up in a council bluffs walmart and say its a dystopian future
Walmart Unadvertised Deals 3/26 – 4/1 via Deal Mama: Here are this week's Walmart Deals!  Below ... 
Off to walmart! Thanks dad. We shld talk more. Da phone calls and visits work both ways!!! Haha thankgod he dont have non of this dadabeast
 _esspeebee  JadedChains  thatbratxo I was about to compare it to Home Depot too. Like Home Depot plus Walmart, minus groceries?
Drunk in Walmart on a Monday.... Can someone say rock bottom
My parents raised me to be a Target type of person, not a Walmart type of person.
Selfie at  Walmart 
My youngest angel 😇 got all A's on her report card so daddy - daughter Walmart trip for a reward from the toy aisle… 
 chrispic12 incestual Walmart bag kys
 Modernrepublic2 Union grocery employees = nice. Walmart non union = No comment, since it's not nice to kick anyone down
More  adulting trips to  Walmart  millennial  RIPBankAccount 😩😩😩 
there was this one time i was walking thru walmart and i literally saw a piece of poo on the ground so watch out for guys that shit there
 Pinkagator they did at least 
I shouldn't be allowed in Walmart with a debit card by myself
 RVAwonk  Kelt_Bio Soon there'll 3 guys on the Group W bench approve of  realDonaldTrump & they can be bought w/Walmart gift card & BigMac.
Coming to the  Walmart on Dewey is ALWAYS a waste of time
I'm at  Walmart in Abington, MA 
 bob_e_owens   Walmart Neighborhood Market Tupelo - S Gloster St 
en walmart
 NintendoAmerica losing business for not selling switch on the site and let's  Walmart and others price gouge for a 299 system. RIPOFF!
hey guys i took a pooping dump at walmart and then i make a song poardy lol
This  40 Four-Seat Family Lounge Pool From Wal-Mart Will Totally Change How You Do Summer! 
 micahfries  Matt_Svoboda that said they can be bad for smaller Chs like Walmart moving in?? Mergers and acquisitions
 BeastyGotFire that feeling you get when you go to Walmart and you have a lot of things but only one register is op… 
 OfficialCND  AmiiboNews wait they are a dollar at walmart
Walmart🙄 
Walmart has embarked upon three iterations of its retail clinic model over the past 10-12 years. Given that... 
Walmart dates are the best
Today I went to Walmart to pick up some name tags for a project and my 6 year old self couldn't resist looking at t… 
I feel like i'll end up meeting my wife at a walmart or something.
Summer Savings With Walmart Family Mobile  blog  blogging  technology
I'd bet most people complaining about  sanctuarycities have never ventured past their local midwest walmart. Our culture > your prejudice.
Instead of people being greeters at Walmart, they should have dogs! Imagine walking into Walmart and actually seeing something you want to!😂
First Walmart run with Jabari 🤦🏾‍♀️😩🤣
 Walmart your "2 day shipping" is awful!  My order was supppsed to arrive on Saturday.  Still not scheduled for delivery..  notlikeamazon 👎🏻
 Jessica_Woolf ok snuck a peak of him when I passed you guys at Walmart and omg he's a cutie 😍
Really just wanna say 🖕🏼 Walmart and quit
Replenish your hair from roots to ends with our Lavender + Peony Shampoo & Conditioner. Now available at  Walmart. 
Me and  Luke5SOS have the same coffee cup. It's from Walmart.
At Walmart in bend and some Asian lady asks where we're from. So Alex says we're just on a quick drug run and she's like "oh, dry rub ok." 😂
 roblox toys: I want them because I don't have any and I really want them my local walmart doesn't sell them so I c… 
Replenish your hair from roots to ends with our Lavender + Peony Shampoo & Conditioner. Now available at Walmart. 
Just seen this white girl with the fatttest ass in Walmart 😍😍
In Fargo then WalMart and then smite all night
 John46392896  DaddyL0ngLegs  MMOMELETTE IF YOU MUST know, Austin doesn't even work at walmart anymore. Get your own life. Stupid.
Walmart Space Heater Clearance - Multiple Models - YMMV - As low as  13 
Someone just added me on snapchat and said "I saw your snap on a sharpie board at Walmart and added you" made my whole night
Walmart still selling stale ass king cakes a month after Mardi Gras. Child please!
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
Does Walmart sell pre-made buffalo chicken dip? Bc that would make my life wayyyyy easier.
I been sitting in this car too long waiting for them to get my salad out of Walmart.
Love walmart? Get rebates on everything at ebates ebates promo code 
I feel like a walking zombie in Walmart right now
 jaenne Walmart in Robinson had one yesterday morning. One. At like 11a. It was gone by 1p.
Hey friends, I'm in desperate need of x23 "shopkins cupcake chic" sunglasses, if at a walmart or toys r us could yo… 
Greenville Blvd Walmart = Spence Ave Walmart
They didn't spot me though, and I'm pretty sure Walmart is the wild.
V7 3' USB 2.0 A to A Male to Female Extension Cable [ Save 91% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
My dad tells me I look fine we're only going to Walmart and then tells me he wants to eat at the casino first 🙄 I look like death.
 SeldenOtter While I'm not leaving Walmart yet, I will claim the prize.
Video of Walmart customer telling employee to 'go back to your country'. How many out there are like this ass? 
 sabrinarmf  SharonCTaylor alternate title- 'SWAT meets WALMART'. Confusing. yet true
walmart sell cookies. 
Something happened to me at Walmart earlier that I can't explain. I went in, grabbed a cart, and when I pushed it...it wasn't broken.
Stuff, like cheaperias de Walmart no, tiene que ser de marca and its not even come mierda it's just
Walmart steps into sports through arena partnership deal with the Oak View Group 
Okay so I messed up a iHip tempered glass screen protector which Walmart has for  4.88 + tax so I figured I'd hit... 
A gallon of bleach is cheaper for only  2.60 at walmart. And its the same thing.just whitening.everything. 
walmart today is a muuuuust. i have so much to get 😩
 KatTimpf Could they work next on some of what I see at Walmart, cuz damn.
So guess what idiot busted a whole glass jar of pasta sauce in the aisle at Walmart tonight? 🙋🏻  me  myluck
i Love target and i will Defend target against walmart any day bc i Love Her
- Walmart has beef stew slow cooker in a box . America is lazy af
PetCo is the Walmart of the pet world. 
I hate Walmart with a passion
What in the name of Walmart Blue special of shenanigans is THIS?!!! 
when you buy chicken from walmart this is what it looks like before it's killed 
Liberal FAIL! Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage Hike 
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: don't forget to enter :)  good luck to us all
this black dude bumped into me and walmart and he goes "oh hey, you cute.😏"  uhhhh no... 
There's a bat loose in walmart!
Walmart launches grocery home delivery in GTA | Canadian Grocer 
After doing some research I've concluded that  Walmart .com is much cheaper than  amazon and nearly has the same selection.
Walmart using fake community group to gain support- 
 dumbwislaw 
haven't worked there in over a year. not even in the same state at the moment. n i still get all the walmart gossip… 
Walmart's latest move confirms the death of the American middle class as we know it 
I liked a  YouTube video from  brailleskate WALMART BOARD VS BRAILLE DEATH DROP
I received  10 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
I'm actually surprised this is my first night resorting to sleeping at a Walmart. Wish me luck y'all.  roadtrip2k17
26″ Men’s Kent Bayside Cruiser Bike -  99.00: Walmart offers 26" Men's Kent Bayside Cruiser Bike for  99.00. ... 
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
New Sweep: Low Kalz - Win  100 Walmart Gift Card  Sweepstakes
 TwizMandy We never want to inconvenience our customers. Which store was it? Please visit so we can help. -Zoe
I got tricked and now I am raging in Walmart 😤 Btw I am not one of those guys who tweets their life away
 RachelCruze Store apps&Stop thinking Walmart is cheapest!My  Safeway app knows what I buy often and has those items on sale pretty often.😉
Today I saw a couple wearing matching heelys rolling through Walmart and if that's not goals idk what is
OH MY GOSH!! HUGE Walmart Clearance As Low As  0.04 - 
i'm going to walmart to cash my change let's see how much i get
 R_J_175 still on Marks payroll. I'm gonna give him an ear load next time I see him in WalMart pushing his memorabilia.
and that day may be today- the gas station by my house is closed..hopefully I make it to the one by Walmart 🙄
should i go to walmart ugh
been in walmart for damn near 2 hrs
Go grocery shopping online with Walmart and have your food delivered to your door.  Check it out here:   ad 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
i want to wear a mannequin head and walk around walmart acting like everything is normal
Wow, I love  Listia! I just won this for free,  50 AMAZON OR WALMART GIFT CARD 
Walmart Issues Major Recall Over Frozen Pizza with Listeria: Marketside Brand via  USA_Movement
It's a Tornado coming  if you stay in a mobile home you'll come out better just being outside or going to Walmart
6/ Data brings extremely valuable insight—e.g. "How many cars in Walmart parking lots?" = useful for predicting nat… 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Anaheim, CA 
Identified suspects face charges in Baytown Walmart baby formula theft 
I had a dream that I met Romeo santos at Walmart
I finally buy a bike that isnt from walmart and i broke it 
New music ar Walmart   10.00...enjoy life 
Words I dread hearing from my mother:

I need you to take me to Walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video from  crispy THE GREATEST 24 HOUR WALMART CHALLENGE OF ALL TIME! (KICKED OUT)
PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks suspend all YouTube ads over offensive content 
 keck1157 whoa! WTF is that??! An escapee from "People of Walmart?"
i think ive stolen like a piece of candy from walmart but that doesn't count 
I'm at Posto Walmart in Contagem, MG w/  millennasoares  diegofe08904827  avmayrink 
if i wanted ham i would go to walmart 
I was doing a Walmart run to get stuff for the kids ministry. Tearing through the store like nobody's business because I was in a hurry.
Fun fact:   pressonnails from  Walmart look nice if you get them on straight and don't  glueyourfingerstogether.  Ouch 😵
 Retweet  Mascara  LOreal Paris Double Extend Beauty Tubes Lengthening 
Newnan in Walmart is hiring ! 
 OfficialCND  AmiiboNews buy a few & do a giveaway Walmart has to give them to you now lol
 bonaldd dang it. Walmart has a buuuunch and I want a couple
Why is it I can be in line at a local Walmart and be behind a man in a turban, carrying  what looked like a mini samuraui sword ?{sp}
 TNorrisYEG How are you getting screwd? You have choices walmart, superstore. Checked any flyers it's cheap man?
I find it weird when ppl post artsy pictures of them in Newy. Like that wall is cute & all but that's also where the Walmart trash bins are
Business at Walmart is going to be slojptomorrow. :(
Sponsored: PhenQ GNC - 
EXCUSE ME???  1.50?!?! I remember going to Walmart super late on Thanksgiving day to get this during Black Friday..… 
Walmart in shivley is out of fucking control I hate everything about it
Walmart...I hate you  BurbankEmpireCenter  TrafficNightmare  TotallyBorked
Working on compassion, and angry.
You know you live in a college town when you go to Walmart to get note cards and they're completely sold out 🙃
Highlight of my day was almost getting hit by a car in the Walmart parking lot
 ChoiceHotels so I just buy towels from walmart...problem solved...
Walmart down Gw so scary 😐
my eyes are so irritated they look creepy so i had to get sunglasses at walmart & spent 30 minutes trying them all on  trashqueen
 Walmart Wal Mart Stores : Pooki's Mahi  Rewards Loyalty In Customer For Life Program. Read more:  Walmart
that's like going to Walmart for a bag of chips 
At Walmart picking up medicine. If I had ever forgotten why I quit working here, I don't anymore.
the gucci chopsticks are even  855 omg taehyung why won't you let me spoil you with the money i have go to walmart
 1975haley Claire's or Walmart sometimes has them.
Walmart 😭 they so comfortable omg i miss mines 
Tryna trade my car in
Where my car salesman friends at
Went to  Walmart Waited 25 min for help w/ a  GShock . No one came. Called cust care, but after 10 min on hold I just gave up.
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael WALMART SHENANIGANS INTERCOM PRANK! (CAUGHT BY WORKER)
 Kevysansom looks like the same walmart special that we bought today... black boots w/ green bottoms.
Its WalMART not WalMARK 
Its WalMART not WalMARK 
Its WalMART not WalMARK 
Its WalMART not WalMARK 
Its WalMART not WalMARK
One time I went to Walmart and I bought some makeup and the girl checking me out said that I was wearing too much makeup and shouldn't buy-
 hannah_ferree Walmart too!
Troopers investigating Oneida County Walmart theft find suspect hiding in cardboard box 
I buy them every week from Walmart or Kroger lol 
I am 23 and almost grabbed a Baby Bottle Pop in the Walmart line.
 NotALostGirl00 I found them at Walmart! Not into anything major for dinner so had toast and this lol
 tylerk93  canadianlynx1 One book was at walmart. Retail was at UNLV  300 wallmart,  50.
ew walmart is such garbage 🚮
No lie I always look so bummy coming to Walmart after my workouts
Just seen someone leave walmart in shorts. 

It's not that warm people
 jolettahuizar_  KailLowry i work for Walmart and I agree it's anything but boring lol
Went to Walmart with  elenaciolli and her sister and 3 people thought it was her daughter 😂😂
 AllieNova Walmart girl 🙌
 itsshorttime1 Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video from  domtracyy PRANK CALLING THE WALMART THAT IM BoeingNNED FROM...
 BrookshireBros , why is  Walmart so much better than you?
Build a basket with guy-approved gifts and you could win a  100 gift card.  SlimJimBoldBaskets 
I really enjoy  Walmart Easter commerical. Community goals.
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
I was dead ass wrong coming in Walmart looking like this. Hope nobody see me.
 WALMART ONLY CARES ABOUT! "MAKING MONEY !!!!!!!"
 Just_Juuu the time you spent in zaxbys you could've ran to Walmart and got something
FREE Frigo Cheese Heads Snack Cheese Singles at Walmart! via  po_st
Walmart Canada Brings Grocery Home Delivery to the Greater Toronto Area 
Walmart deli lowkey smacks 😛
Going to Walmart 😌
I still got this 50  walmart gift card 😂😂😂
Confirmed:  Walmart acquires another online retailer 
 lukegisamain so did miles miller his writing partner...we got the Walmart pair with t&d while itb snatched Chanel
*NEW*  0.75/2 Dole Canned Pineapple + Walmart and Target Deals! - 
 Walmart Yes, of course
chanel vs walmart 
 Walmart COULD NOT CARE LESS ABOUT IT'S CUSTOMERS AT ALL!
I always see hot fucking moms in Walmart 😍😩  milfs
 Monty_Ross32 Walmart, this is the one I've used 
 DuckDynastyAE when can we see more duck dynasty clothing items in Walmart stores again I miss these things please thanks
My grandpa lets his little dog walk around ocean state and Walmart and they just say "hi bubba"
 John46392896 nothing's worse than working at Walmart 😂
Faithful black men of Twitter, wyd? I just handed out Bibles at my local Walmart and helped old ladies with they groceries.
Stared at all the things in the weight management section at Walmart, didn't understand what I was looking at, walked away...settling for
I want to  win a  15 Walmart Gift Card OR PayPal Cash!  missmollysays2 
Why do we always end up in the toy aisle   Walmart Supercenter Old Bridge 
I hate Walmart, but I thought I'd be fine getting keys made at the self-serve kiosk there. I was wrong!… 
 GregoryHoyt  canadianbrick  lameboyadvance_  TheSoundDefense Yeah, Walmart's terrible.
Hate coming Walmart sometimes 🙄😒
Join us!  YouAppi  MobileMonday Hyper Growth Funnel for App Success  WeAreFetch  Tune  Walmart  momosv… 
I fcking hate Walmart
Quit Walmart on Saturday, new job on Monday 🤷🏽‍♂️
 DrinkAriZona I only buyem when Walmart's got that 50c summer special
They've been talking about turkeys in a dudes house/Walmart on the news for like 10 min; wisconsin weird as hell
Welp if the twins go live I can't watch cause I'm at Walmart and my parents take long isksmsmsmlsmdlsmskzm
I liked a  YouTube video from  flyydoesyt "No, It's Not That" IN WALMART (Hilarious Prank)
Grocery shopping on a Monday at the ghetto Walmart on Memorial always make my day 🙃
 katsandcrows Walmart? Or British-mart?
What do you call the thing that you push at Walmart that hold your groceries?
Parodontax Toothpaste Just  4.43 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Parodontax Toothpaste ... 
White Cloud Facial Tissue Just  0.18 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** White Cloud Facial ... 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Walmart Scavenger Hunt
Suncast Vertical Utlility Shed – Price Drop! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
The best thing to ever happen happen to me is Walmart's  5 rotisserie chicken
Will more Spfld Walmart's start closing midnite to 6am like Glenstone & Kearney? Time will tell....
not getting my hair done at the Walmart salon 
A woman once sued WalMart for 2 cents and won.  
My mom is so boujee. We at Walmart & it's this baby crying and being loud & shit & she said "We wouldn't see all this at Target" girl bye 😂
 Win a  100 Walmart Gift Card! Ends in 4 days!  giveaway  competition  free  old 
Found over  383.80 in potential profit from Walmart/Household Essentials to sell on Amazon!  OA
The fuck Walmart? 
 Kishalen_ they sell them at Walmart
I can stand in Walmart for hours looking at makeup. 😶
low key hate working at Walmart in general bc the bathrooms smell like sour vagina 🤢🤢🤢
someone painted like a mural on the wooden fence   the walmart on 45 and crosstimbers (fence is on fulton) and i think its so cute
 DC_TREY from Walmart
I'm in Walmart
Can't remember what I came here for! (at  Walmart Supercenter in Canton, MI) 
Ummm why all my family members in Walmart damn dawg is it a johnson family reunion
 suggasamm Walmart, Rite aid Walgreens any place like that .Hair skin and nails pills or biotin pills
I liked a  YouTube video from  itzmellowyt HALARIOUS STORE TROLLING! KICKED OUT OF WALMART AND TARGET!
Walmart Issues Major Recall Over Frozen Pizza with Listeria: Marketside Brand 
 Walmart 3,000 everthin for Brazil,  1m for Canada, Florida and NM pls!
Met a guy at Walmart today..... why does this shit happen to me🙃🙃🙃 literally why 
Walmart - Man on the Go Men’s Get Away Travel Kit  5.97 
Walmart trip soon 😉😉😉  PaulinaSarahh_  ohBreanne  _jackkiesaldi
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game &Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
I'm about to get my haircut at Walmart...that is what my life has come to.
 bigdata_network  alevergara78 It would be cool to see  Walmart talk about  iot and  bigdata at a  Seattle Conference in May!
 rebellegrrl INSIDE  Texas Walmart:
lady w binder full of coupons holding up entire line
Aisle clogged by abandoned electric carts
total...
 Cmadzz_BGB it's  6.58 at your local Walmart 
Caught between  jpmorgan and  Walmart, Congress avoids fee rule ::  business  banks
Enter at  mapleleafmommy to  win  Duracell batteries and a  50 Walmart giftcard.  canwin  GIVEAWAY  
True friendship is  karissareader54 facetiming you when she goes to Walmart to ask what healthy foods to get ❤😂
Im at Walmart ... and I can't find my parents!
 katefree138 Those are great suggestions! Please visit to share the details with us. -Zoe
 Walmart When are we going to get more NES Classics? Ours apparently gets about 2 a month
😆 Having fun at Walmart with  Scissorwound 
 Walmart - The World’s Largest  Retailer Is Processing 2.5 Petapytes Of  BigData Every Hour - Forbes 
Abingdon Police warn about Walmart Secret Shopper scam via  wjhl11
sooo rdy to leave walmart
. Walmart will launch its first investment arm to expand its  ecommerce business via  TechCrunch  retail… 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
 markjacksonKC5  krisspragg spreading the word on  boost unlimited data at  walmart deals 
I need to go to walmart..
Walmart Unadvertised Deals 3/26 - 4/1 - 
ONN Straight AUX Cable, 3', Black [ Save 69% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
To Walmart   Ocotillo Wells, California 
- Walmart Sales and discounts page check out all their sales updated daily!
This looks like an outdoor Walmart. 
 Rob_Card  KamalaHarris to live on without needing welfare.  And yet Walmart chooses to make taxpayers pick up part of the tab.
Albuquerque, NM - Crete Carrier Corporation - WalMart Dedicated Fleet - Home Bi-Weekl...  DRIVING  JOB  ALBUQUERQUE
30% of consumers surveyed say mass retailers like Walmart or Target are where they most frequently purchase cosmetics.  NRFSmartStat  Retail
Me, going into Walmart to get one quick thing: I'm NOT getting ANYTHING else
Me, walking out of Walmart 30 minutes… 
I liked a  YouTube video from  matthiasiam 10 Strange Walmart Items!
Got an idea for a Strangewich? Tweet a picture to   StrangewichChallenge  Sweepstakes for a chance to win!  ad… 
If pictures could smell this one would smell like the inside of a Walmart 
If Walmart don't have it you don't need it
Cal is drunk in Walmart and bought coconut spray so his "cats will smell like coconut"
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALGREENS (THE NEW WALMART?) *COPS
 Walmart The point is, your associate told me they had the comparable in stock, and I wasted my time and gas money to find not in stock!
Crayola Sidewalk Chalk 24-Pack for  2 + pickup at Walmart

These guys deadass riding horses in Walmart
 
 Rob_Card  KamalaHarris which subsidizes Walmart and the Walton family because they can well afford to pay their workers enough
Bought some string cheese at Walmart, ate a piece of one... thought this tastes weird. Checked the date, "best if used by 28 July 2016"
Why the hell do I even try to shop at  Walmart  Frustrating.  Crappy customer service.  I'll go pay double and at least be treated decent.
Another door install (at  Walmart Supercenter in Lees Summit, MO) 
. Walmart Well then Southbay Electronics needs to do some explaining
A furniture store will soon occupy the former Walmart Market in northeast Wichita. 
 _kkimberlyhope  ambershrum wait till your senior year. 😂 "it'll be nice seeing you work at Walmart" ok Mr. Eaton 🤷🏽‍♀️
 FluffyMcduff  GolfgrrrlSmith  IvankaTrump  realDonaldTrump  VP Walmart had 5000 lawsuits filed in 16. They mean exactly jack shit
Walmart people? 
So... to explain what happened at 'Walmart' today  Itsjustbambii I was in the car, I saw you...called your name. BUT MY DUMB ASS AINT SAY HI
 yah_boii_marco_ you can have it lol i threw away all the decorations after my fish died 💔  just buy the filter sponge from Walmart or petco
 Connor_G_Dennis Yeah  5 is what it costs at walmart
 GirlsXTrump2017  ChadBurke You can thank Falcon Northwest for that crap. It's installed in every Walmart.
I use  TomsofMaine because they use natural ingredients - share your pics and reasons using  MyPearlyWhites… 
 kailaphilo we can't afford fancy places I've never been to a Whole Foods or tader joes in my life we depend on walmart and fast growing co
AND they can also be found in walmart. The ones that come in her eyeshadow compacts are really nice brushes too! By the shadow for the brush
 Don_Flacco you got it from Walmart?
Bitch 😂😂😂 you the Walmart brand tyreese 
Got it at Walmart.  ad Ditch your old toothbrush and try ARM & HAMMER™ Spinbrush™  SonicPulse!… 
Today. He asked me again. What I go get for lunch. I said "I went to Walmart to pick up tampons &panty liners why you he need one?"  😂😂🤷🏽‍♀️
Walmart price matching is a LIE!!! I found a  25.12 price difference today & WALMART IN BROOKHAVEN refuses to match it!!!  NO MORE WALMART!!
I just had to return somthing at Walmart...... 
SAVAGE TROLLING AT WALMART!: via  YouTube
going to the eastlake walmart is always an eye opening experience
Walmart is playing the worst music today.
Sharp 60" 1080p WiFi LED LCD Smart TV for  400 + pickup at Walmart - 
I went to Walmart literally just to buy deodorant & now I have two new cacti 😂🌵 
 Region8News Even Walmart just sells download codes for most new games. If you want a used item, go to eBay, I guess.
 Drapervich half mile from Walmart. That about covers everything necessary to hermit properly :D
RIP to the two cute guys I saw in Walmart and will probably never see again ❤😩
S/O to that fucknigga.. tried to rob me at the Walmart
If anyone wants a fan, go to my Walmart and buy one, two or five of them please!!!
 Albatrouz_  walmart.
Really? I found it at Walmart in the toy section for like  4.😕 
 katiacastilleja We can't wait to hear about your fabulous beauty haul from Walmart Beauty Box! Let us know your favorites. -Zoe
Walmart is a lot like a Suburban Burning Man. I don't quite understand peoples outfits and I'm pretty sure most of them are on drugs.
I just checked in at Walmart Express with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I came to Walmart with my coworkers, they forgot to bring toothpaste and other essentials. I just wanted socks and got active wear instead.
Prove all the way to Walmart for protien and vitamins just to leave my debit card at home🙄🙄🙄
 BuffaloSabres  Walmart Good man  TrustTheProcess
Somebody go to Walmart & I'll cook deal?
Walmart Makes HUGE Move After LA Makes  15 Minimum Wage Hike ⋆ US Herald 
When you have searched target & Walmart for one cd and still haven't found it.  Lauren_Alaina I just want to listen to  roadlesstraveled
 retail: Walmart Announces Plan To Invest  800M In Chile 
 SgtHarvey  _Elusia_ I was using these 
My Walmart is out of them atm so Im exploring my options
me: "I think he's in the nursery"
kara: "why would Walmart have babies?"
Found over  22.87 in potential profit from Walmart/Home Improvement to sell on Amazon!  OA
asked a walmart worker where they kept the xans and he directed me to the bananas
I'm never in Winchester anymore but when I am I think Walmart just moves everything in the store to mess with people.
I think I could drop a grand at Walmart and still forget something
My issue with the  Walmart store apparently has been heard as they have indeed added more self checkouts. Thank you.
With mom (  McDonalds at Walmart) 
Just applied for a few Walmart grants for my chapter. Things just got real. ☺️
These bitches working at Walmart are rude as fuck. I didn't make you work there ho, get a new job if you don't like customer service
now i have to run out to walmart for a new crop top. i'm low key pissed off
 ihatekylo I'm crying at walmart rn
I liked a  YouTube video from  imjaystation GETTING KICKED OUT OF WALMART! (HOW TO GET BoeingNNED FROM WALMART)
Currently marinating steak from Walmart in Coke Zero, milk, and butter bc broke af. This could be an interesting dinner.
 Kevothinks *walmart
 MyMagicCookie6 This item is sold by Southbay Electronics and doesn't reflect Walmart pricing. We're sorry for the confusion. -Zoe
 Modernrepublic2 you mean if worker pay is good CEOs either take the jobs away or walmart stops stocking their stuff
HALARIOUS STORE TROLLING! KICKED OUT OF WALMART AND TARGET!: via  YouTube
there's something about a good trip to walmart that just makes you feel like you might actually have your shit together after all
 healing powers of  vinegar  4 row 1 in  diet! lose weight fast & forever! never hungry, au… 
Dawn Non-Concentrated Dish Soap 56-oz. Bottle for  4 + pickup at Walmart

Just saw Bobby Roode in Walmart in my hometown but I didn't want to ask for a pic or anything. Just so cool seeing him.

Day made, in a way?
 FLGatorKing  NoahCRothman It's for national security (literally), not a new Walmart
Parodontax Toothpaste Just  4.43 At Walmart! 
 Walmart WALMART CSR'S TELLING THE CUSTOMER HOW TO TALK?????? WTF????
 UnofficialJudas My grandmother told me yesterday   Walmart that I was not in style. She said I did not have tattoos and was not overweight.
if you've lived your life in coastal cities, you may not have seen Walmart's destructive wake, and you likely aren't seeing Amazon's.
i just saw this fine ass hispanic in walmart and i've never seen something so nice in waynesboro 😩
 Walmart I HAD 2 CANCEL AN ORDER BC! THE ORDERER WAS 2 B DELIVERED ON MAR. 27TH.! IT WAS NOT! CSR'S SUX!!
Someone wanna go to Walmart w me
 GraysonDolan do I need to like, not go to Walmart tonight for a new video game and save up instead  or.....
 Bamfxoxo where can you find office desk stuff? Walmart has nothing :(
 ciana_jc it's only  1 at walmart
Tonight 6: Spfd. Police & WalMart crime fighting gets results- Republic rallies to help baby- preventing osteoporosis in men.  KY3PLACETOBE
if you go to the Walmart on Boiling Springs right now you will see a woman who is at least 14 months pregnant.
SAVE     FUCK WALMART
 keithawynn you can get them for free at Walmart.
tf?? you can get this fit in the mens section at walmart 
 Walmart Thanks for only carrying  50 shoe insoles for all us hard working chefs.
I thought Frederick Walmart was scary then I went to Westminster😱
what if. lainy and i ran into each other at like. walmart one day
Hell is a place where I have to look for something in a crowded Walmart, then wait behind people that don't understand self checkout.
Mom: When I get home we are going to WalMart. 
Me: Why? 
Mom: To get me some socks, and you a new Lego set. 😂😂
Ugh Who can Help A Student out With A Ride to Walmart  aggies  ncat
 keithawynn Go to Walmart --well at least for the mess part.
 easywdw we were first at turnstiles and got trampled when they started letting people in. Like Black Friday at Walmart
this is for all of y'all on a budget that still want bomb falsies! 6 dollars each and you can find them in walmart😋 
chanel vs. walmart 
when you're at Walmart and mom says you can't get the Disturbed CD with all the bad words on it 
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  CricketRewards Download today!  
But buys u da Walmart pnut butta's LMAO
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in National City, CA 
U Can Start A Business Without A Degree But IF U Tryna Be The Manager Over The SportingGoods Department   WalMart G… 
 AndrewBVocalMan Sorry to hear! The item in the link is sold by Chrome Battery on our website and doesn't reflect Walmart pricing. -Zoe
 RJTheRealOne I favor Target myself... ;) (partially an esthetics thing - Walmart just isn't relaxing to me.)
 josi_2828 lmaoooo b on the bright side Walmart doesn't give a SHIT lmao
I got me some new t-shirts and  Shadowhunters books at walmart on Transmountain Dr. × Woodrow… 
The only good thing about moving to Ohio , no more abc store . Just go to Walmart and buy liquor. 💁🏼 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Highlands Ranch, CO 
 sportsmediaLM  randyb7914 ok. I just know it's a newer development, maybe 12yrs old. By a new Walmart.
Niggas in Walmart working just poking customers with their dicks? 😂😂😂
Abingdon Police warn about Walmart Secret Shopper scam 
It must be a discount for dudes in Walmart today.  TheyAreEVERYWHERE
 thegrumpylib  DavidCayJ  oreillyfactor you have no fact you Shop   Walmart and hate Asian kids!
Walmart & Family Dollar are the best , when it comes to that, in my opinion..  lt
Love this walmart order online, free pickup 
Walmart Makes HUGE Move After LA Makes  15 Minimum  Wage Hike via  usheraldnews
progressive liberal democrats caused
Don't tell me: Walmart has a BOGO sale on  SpinalColumns?  simonworrall  LeeCamp  jimmy_dore  RealTimBlack… 
I haven't worn actual clothes to go to Walmart in months. I really don't care about impressing anymore. 😅
 20committee maybe it was Walmart, so hard to tell diff from WH.
Slim Jim Sweepstakes: 18 Win  100 Walmart Gift Card  SlimJimBoldBaskets  AD 
 BokuNaGio i mean… it is walmart tho
I wanted to punt this kid that wouldn't stop crying at Walmart
Walmart on Morse road smells like arm pits and dirty vagina 🤢
If you work at the West Side Walmart there's a 103% chance I hate you
I just entered 2  WIN   100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
Just saw a couple wearing matching healys in Walmart and I've never been so jealous
If you got real talent, all you need is a  .99 brown liner from Walmart & some bomb concealing skills. Don't let em… 
I swear this was me when I worked at Walmart 😂😂😂😂 
If I had to pick between eating the Mission flour tortillas from Walmart or surviving my Monday schedule

I'd pick Mondays every time man
WALMART GOT SET ON FIRE BY ISIS!? | LifeOfSteven Ep. 2: via  YouTube
 NBoeing  kawhileonard thos look like the shaq shoes you get for kids at walmart
Why tf do older people still write checks when they go to the grocery store or walmart..that shit take forever lol
 AlheyaLaWolf I just want food. XD but I'm stuck shopping at Walmart.
SO excited to find out that  Walmart carries  NaturesRecipe! Wish I knew that earlier, I could've saved  10 😆
I feel like there's a bus that takes people directly from Walmart and drops them off at Plant Fitness
Couponing at Walmart: 17¢ Purell Hand Sanitizer, 38¢ Suave Men's Body Wash + More via Couponing ... 
I liked a  YouTube video (STORY TIME!)I GOT CAUGHT STEALING FROM WALMART!!|AMBERH
Just got told "you're really upset cause your 20 dollar gift card isn't working?" Like sorry we can't all be as rich as you Walmart employee
Walmart Closes LA Store Over  15 Minimum Wage-5 Hour Notice to Lay off 500 Employees!!! 
Enter at  mapleleafmommy to  win  Duracell batteries and a  50 Walmart giftcard.  canwin  GIVEAWAY
 MrBeastYT I Dare you to eat a raw Chicken from Walmart
Bubba J Fails Walmart Joke In Hysterical Comedy Disaster 
My financial goals aren't to own a mansion or anything but just to be able to actively grocery shop at Target instead of Walmart.
that one time I was at a walmart and I thought I saw Ian and I started yelping and I almost asked for an autograph but it wasn't Ian lol rip
Parodontax Toothpaste Just  4.43 At Walmart!


Switch is in stock at my local Walmart! Hopefully I get there fast enough ;~;
 AJ_Foy Walmart tweets
Me and my friends are playing hide and seek in a walmart. Honestly what the fuck is wrong with us
 Walmart is changing their retail  ShippingCompliance rules. Is your  SupplyChain ready? 
Found over  1,008.76 in potential profit from Walmart/Toys to sell on Amazon!  OA
Just saw my twin at Walmart. Except he was taller, cooler, better looking, & had kids, money, and his life together
Check out Women's  AquaSocks Size M(7-8) Teal Black NWOT Unbranded Walmart Water Shoes 
Gonna be a good week cuz I juss found a pack of ciggs unopen at Walmart lmao
Apparently people at Walmart don't like being told "this Walmart gift card should work at Walmart"
Retail kudos to  Walmart  Target  kroger  Costco for  LEDLighting and  energyefficiency strides… 
When all of the amiibos are gone at WalMart and only a ship lives 
ok so i'm at walmart just trying to print out some pictures & this 30 year old man is literally trying to get me to go home w him pls help
At Walmart and was gonna send a pic of nerf Guns when I realized for the first time my Walmart doesn't sell nerf guns
 hiitslyssa same tho. You can find that cat shirt at Walmart so you don't have to wait / pay for shipping!
Check out Funko Pop Star Wars Walmart 2 Exclusive 3 Packs - Tarful Pack & Greedo Pack VHTF  via  eBay
Walmart Announces Plans To Shut Down 7 Stores In LA Amid Worldwide Closures – CBS Los Angeles 
 unions4workers Tell Pres Drumpf, Walmart & host of companies who operate on backs of workers with shareholders getting rich robbing others.
 ottawasuncom working at Walmart?
 PBrown1_ We're sorry for the price increase. We always look for ways to keep prices low, where possible. -Zoe
This happened to us at Walmart before so we started doing it ourselves and we got in trouble 
Lobbying by Government of India in USA is Legal but Not Walmart in USA via  realityviews
I swear Walmart is the coldest building in this town 😭
I can not wait until I'm out of Walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video MY HAPPY POKEMON FACE! - Quick Pokemon Trip to Walmart to Buy Pokemon Cards! -
 Thadrius Now available in candy bar form at your local Walmart. LUL 
I liked a  YouTube video Elderly woman slammed hard by police at Walmart
Late Night Scares, talks and Walmart fun!!! (Random Vlog  2): via  YouTube
 Pamela_Moore13  washington_bear she reminds of the whack jobs in videos that are in Walmart, I would love to roll up on someone like this
i remember walking with paige and daniel in walmart and someone actually believed i was daniel's child 😂
Check out this  job:  Hair  Stylist - Stafford Walmart at  GreatClips in  Safford 
I know why we don't have freakshows in 2017. Shopping in Walmart/ASDA is free 😂😂😂
60" Sharp LC-60N5100U 1080p Smart LED HDTV  399.99 + Free Store Pickup   Walmart 
gamestop and their 600 dollar preorder thing can suck my dick!!! thanks walmart for having my back! 
People order online all the time whether it is from eBay, Amazon, Walmart, Target...etc. I don't need to carry the inventory! 👏
(At Walmart)
Me: I need assistance with the fabric
Associate: Nobody here knows how to measure so we aren't qualifi… 
 blackbeard1616 my parents have some they say they sell them at Walmart but you have to ask for them
You know what's dangerous? Having an Aunt Annie's at WalMart. Like, you don't even have to go to the mall!! But I shall refrain 😣
Richard R Snow 
nigga i don't care if it's walmart brand mac and cheese she spent MONEY on that just to put it in a bathtub 🤦🏾‍♀️ 
Mob rushes Arkansas Walmart, frightening customers: 
Walmart don't even know man 😂🤦🏽‍♀️🙌🏾☺️
ME AND MY FRIENDS GOT KICKED OUT OF WALMART LMAODJFB
I appreciate Walmart's copyright stuff for art, but I really need to get a letter from the copyright holder when I AM the copyright holder?
I hate Walmart so much. 🙄
Saw this on a stall in a Walmart bathroom. Can't decide if it's a chicken leg, a ghost, a mollusk, a hand holding a… 
Walmart Mac n cheese good lol ani got French fries
Walked into Walmart and some guy came to me and said r u single i said yea he said ur hot asf and I'd love to have ur number lmaooo
COM RECEIVER / QUALIDADE TOP ;)
Home Theater Yamaha YHT-1810BL 5.1 Canais 600W RMS
R  1.999 ,00 em 10x
 
Why does this look like the Walmart version of  muufckajones 😂 
 disco_socialist  twomiletower nah, I think Cheney is sufficiently proofed against that. This'll be "evil you can trust"
Like walmart
i only fuck with u if u ride walmart skateboards
News Release: Billy's Original Foods Celebrates Launch Into Walmart 
Wait! And what's wrong with Walmart???????? 
 Titan_justice  RobertSinopoli  C_Wilks3 You look like the little kid who lost his mommy in Walmart
Look what my friend annabrantley found at Walmart! These are perfect for my farmhouse themed… 
 girls of walmart assamese naked pics 
today at Walmart there was a woman walking around drinking out of a bottle of wine & if that ain't gonna be me in 20 years idk what is
 nspector4 you have a style maven? Me too Walmart!
Facts B!!😂😂   Walmart Neighborhood Market Albuquerque - Sage Rd SW 
i need to go to walmart or somewhere to get a blanket lmfao i need a new fuzzy one bc mines not soft and fuzzy anymore
 KenyaaaG if you pregnant you should just stay wit him you even looked pregnant when I saw you at walmart
After layin in my death bed the past 96+hrs, my first trip out was to the chiropractor and Walmart. Mann. I'm exhausted 😞
 editoremilye check   at Costco and (gulp) Walmart- often cheaper prices for Rx (don't need to be a Costco member to use the pharmacy)
Just got to WalMart. With everyone buying "necessities" because of this hurricane, I was shocked to see all of these cases of Miller Lite.
 _BriC96 why didn't they send you to Walmart down the road ?
 vice entitlement reform will never sell in alabama...think of walmart....lets  Session
i'm just casually walking around walmart and i hear B yell from an aisle "MAAAADDDSS I FOOOOUND YOU"😂
Win A  25 Walmart Gift Card In The March Into Spring Giveaway Hop! Ends 3/31 
 dwightjaynes Godfather I bet  meachdog got his  goducks degree from  Walmart.
OK THERES A REALLY CUTE GUY IN THIS WALMART NOAH FENCE
On our 1 AM Walmart adventures Juanito found this for little old me 
 100 Walmart Giveaway - Freebiequeen13 Contests And Freebies 
 homesweethome has the for the same price in stock with 2 day free shipping
Dude I hate Walmart ! I never know where anything is !
A seagull flew really close to my head in the Walmart parking lot and I got really spastic. Lots of people saw. I was laughing obnoxiously.
That moment you see that cute girl from your class at Walmart and she smiles and says hi first😏
Saw the switch at walmart
Asked the guy if he could get it out for me
He said they didn't have any in stock
Then why put the box on display
Walmart wants in on the great outdoors, so it bags Moosejaw 
won a friend at the walmart claw machine thing 
I liked a  YouTube video from  craciun12dorin Walmart Funny Black Friday Fight !!!! WTF is wrong with people!
Chanel vs Walmart 
I'm pretty sure I go to Walmart everyday
 Walmart Wal-Mart focuses on U.S. e-commerce growth as Amazon expands globally. Read more:  Walmart
 NealCommunities  PublixHelps  SonnysBBQ  Sysco  Walmart SUNCOAST BBQ & BLUEGRASS ADS are running on alt-right Brei… 
 lameboyadvance_  NinWire  TheSoundDefense Walmart 😂👌🏽
Fuck those bitches at Walmart 🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏾 we tried to get right and they tried to catch us 😂 fuck them.
The day may come when Walmart has enough registers open. But it is not this day.
I'm at Walmart to much
 x_slug_x A green screen from Walmart lol
I liked a  YouTube video Funny Walmart Vines Compilation
Just happened to see this at Walmart  garthbrooks so I guess you get the pass. 
Walmart Expands Its E-Commerce Ambitions With a New Investment Arm 
where's the Walmart greeter 
"We can have boners in Walmart"
The other day in a walmart in New Hampshire , finally a sink low enough for this headass pose. 
What do you call three people waiting to be checked out at Walmart?

A Trump rally. 😂
"Self-checkouts"... Walmart's way of exposing gaps in Grad School curriculum..  apparently 🙄🙄
I'm at  Walmart in San Diego, CA 
I'm not wearing Jordan's no more Walmart sell them online
These people at Walmart just said I look like that catch me out side girl 😂😂
 deejayrupp the beginning for sure especially because I'm parked at Walmart and I freaked tf out when I heard it come on ya so where's my dm
Found over  105.97 in potential profit from Walmart/Books to sell on Amazon!  OA
 sloth_daddy24 We have Walmart Grocery! You shop at home and pick it up free. Visit to see if it's near you. -Zoe
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it!… 
no. catch me at your local walmart asleep in the Ball Cage gripping onto my titties for dear life
At a Walmart in Kentucky..... Sale signs read "PRICES SO LOW YOU CAN COUNT EM WITH YOUR FINGERS AND TOES!"
I just signed this petition on OrganizeFor with  ColorOfChange. Will you join me?  O4 via  ColorOfChange
Can't relate if  10 kicks at the local walmart came in my size I'm coppin 
Well to get some stuff at Walmart and other stores so see you all in a hour or two 
 Aerdna_I_Am It probably won't get you a Walmart discount card, but still ...
 Kkkatiee_  PHARO_J what if i need a ride to walmart late at night ....
 venture Store No. 8 is Walmart's new tech incubator in Silicon Valley ad:… 
The "beauty" section at Walmart should just consist of paper bags and dimmer switches.
 SebastianStoker  JustinTrudeau they'll forget what day it is or if on their way to vote they'll have 2 stop and hit Walmart for munchies.😂
 katieeblackk happy birthday, hope we can make some walmart runs again. Cant wait for summer ❤️🔥
I wonder why nobody likes me?
*Goes to Walmart for the sole purpose of eating the free chicken nuggets being distributed by the demo guy*
Walmart Moving Upmarket Does Not Presage The Death Of The American Middl.. Related Articles: 
A woman once sued WalMart for 2 cents and won. 
 FatKidDeals any deals on good bean bags that are not Walmart quality? 👍🏾
 TheTylt The US isn't Walmart, where only the Chair members aka Congress prosper, & the rest of us suffer on welfare & receive subpar goods.
Just went to walmart with cuz & this guy walked up to me & said "do you remember me?
Anywhere we went, we would hit a lil lick lmao that's was my girl man, zoo, sephora, Walmart, north park, etc. Times used to be so fun.
We'll see  Walmart, we'll see if you follow thru 
Found over  240.64 in potential profit from Walmart/Sports & Outdoors to sell on Amazon!  OA
 TashaN_Jordyn28 ; Girl Boo Been Figured Out You Scary.  -Walmart - Bussed Up On Ya On The Hill - And You Hurry Up And Erked Off Main Street
Big Booty bei Walmart 
White Cloud Facial Tissue Just  0.18 At Walmart! 
. Walmart shopper, nothing good in the book aisle? Check out this  bookreview:  ShepherdandtheProfessor
Our Modern Capri jeans + strappy sandals + a boyfriend shirt = the perfect fit for your spring weekend getaway:… 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
The guy keeps calling his mom a bitch and keeps cussing at her all bc she's making him walk to Walmart.. wtf is wrong with you
9 Things That Are Worth Buying at Walmart via  yahoo
 CNNPolitics  CNN Amazing that Trump & GOP\DNC liars|cheaters never get reprimanded for their behavior. Walmart employee lies they get FIRED
Ibotta Matchup at Walmart = 2 Free Items - Learn more at 
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs INSANE WALMART SPEAKER PRANK! (How To Get Banned From Walmart)
Walmart be like "Free 2 day shipping on everything! EXCEPT....." Smh.
‘Substantial Doubt Exists’ for Sears’ Ability to Continue - Sears Today, Walmart Tomorrow?  supplychain
they needa hire more cashiers at walmart asap
Spontaneously go to a Walmart parking lot and buy a beagle😊🤷🏻‍♀️ 
I Want To Go To Walmart And Get A Cord For My Computer
 Is_it_chris easily  40 or more lol unless you can shop at Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Pueblo, CO w/  bskuzun 
I literally walked into walmart to ask about a restock and i bought the last one they had 
 DoGood: A woman took on People of Walmart to defend herself against those accusing her of laziness bc of her weight 
 vpaug14 YES THEY ARE SO GOOD. My mom bought a box at the Ashtabula Walmart but they were all gone a few days later :(
Shane is the funniest Walmart employee ever... check out the gallery of messages his managers have t 
Shoutout to the dude at Walmart to unintentionally making my day 😂😂😂
I was in Walmart and this guy was bending down and his WHOLE ASS was out I died laughing
White Cloud Facial Tissue Just  0.18 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  coupon  Coupons  deal
Nekteck USB Type C Car Charger Just  5.99! Down From  13! PLUS FREE…  Instagram  Walmart  car_charger  deal  deals
Free + MoneyMaker Trident Gum from WalMart 
 rorysutherland Got my 1st bottle of  VeuveClicquot from the clearance rack at Walmart! 
 fourPs  incroyable… 
Walmart thot tried to tell me to leave my dog at home I told her to take it up w the manager bitch
Why did I come to Walmart alone I just wanna buy everything 🙃🙃
Buying zaxbys 1 more time but Walmart will see me when I get off
Deals – 60″ Sharp LC-60N5100U 1080p Smart LED HDTV  399.99 + Free Store Pickup   Walmart 
Mfks Got caught stealing at walmart😂😂😂😂😂
Go Walmart. Good for you!!! See  ScottPruittOK, climate consciousness can be profitable and help combat… 
 Walmart So, this is why I no longer care, and I'm going to the Kmart NEXT DOOR. I guess your lousy customer service keeps them in business.
 lmaohalle That pushed back hairline? That big ass forehead? Those ugly ass uneven eyelashes? Those nails from Walmart nail salon?
Walmart need to throw away all they cashiers
i swear if i don't park my car in row 8 at walmart i always lose it. 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
Hyper Growth Funnel for App Success Panel.  April 24th w/   YouAppi  WeAreFetch  Tune  Walmart  mobilemarketing
 kroger remodel   Kroger in Christiansburg VA is amazing. Any chance for a Purple Heart parking spot like the local walmart?
 TeenMomGossip she needs to get her life together!!! Hell she keeps talking about her mom workin   walmart but what about her???
Man lights himself, car on fire in Walmart parking lot in Lafayette 
via  boundsa 
Just knocked over a whole display at Walmart 😂
 Walmart NOT ONE EMPLOYEE STRAIGHTENED THAT AREA OR EVEN LOOKED AT IT FOR SIX WEEKS.
I'm at Walmart Nicaragua in Managua 
J'aime une vidéo  YouTube de  dailyexclusives - Man Shopping For Headphones In Walmart And Was Followed Around By Security!
 AlterNet walmart board member*
 brianshall Just like at Walmart? So there was only 1 person at the Bar?
 Walmart ...and left it on the shelf: "This item has been out of stock since (date.)" IT WAS THERE FOR SIX WEEKS.
 AlterNet She isn't even a new yorker you dumbfucks. She is a republican walmart from Arkansas who one day had an idea to infiltrate dems.
 WalMart is beating the pants off  Amazon in  apparel, and it’s fighting to keep it that way
 apparelmarketing
I'm at Refeitorio Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video SHOPPING FOR NEW HOUSE | WALMART & ROSS
I'm at  Walmart_br in Barueri, SP 
 JailJason Walmart
Going to Walmart right now with no bra on cause clearly I don't care about life at the moment
 thefive Gutfeld on GOP vs DEM party unity front: 
The Left falls in line but the Right is as fractured as a Black Friday shopper at Walmart
,ugh I need too go too Walmart but don't feel like going
Went to  Walmart for tire balancing. Somehow they unbalanced them and made it worse. Never again.
 Walmart Once I went to the local store every weekend looking for an out of stock item. I finally wrote a Post-It Note...
I haven't been to Walmart in hella long and being here now reminded me why I don't go to Walmart anymore
56% said Scan and Go from  Walmart is "much easier" to use than conventional checkout. 
 aloeveramom what a time to lose my transit pass and live 3 miles away from a target or a walmart
Y'all sleeping on these movie bins in Walmart.
Walmart: Suave Men’s Body Wash Only  0.38 via Raining Hot Coupons - If you are running low on ... 
Little Big Town's new Album made me cry on my 5 minute trip home from walmart...no regrets.   thebreaker  littlebigtown
what the FUCK walmart carries brand new shirts
Got chased down and sprayed with perfume in the Walmart parking lot....this isn't Macy's....I didn't ask for this
😊 TOTAL FAIL! The Funniest People at Walmart 🍀 
chanel vs walmart... 
Also, Walmart Timmins asking to be open Canada Day.  Big thing is will they have enough workers that day?
Saw some of my friends in Walmart last night...the first thing they say, "let me see yo booty" 🙄 like what's so amazing about it lol
Found these At Walmart🍫🍦😋
 yummy  cookies  treats  new  limitededition  cookiesandcream  oreo… 
 Walmart ...no one will give me contact info for the fulfillment center. "Keep checkin the store. Keep checking the site." NO.
 luzzi_michael I didn't know Walmart had a board game
Spring Cleaning with Clorox HOT Under  1 Deals via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
Amazon: *4* LED Camping Lanterns +12 AA Batteries only  19.99! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon ... 
Thanks For The Likes, Jessie Taylor 🌹😘❤️️ (at  Walmart Supercenter in Indianapolis, IN) 
Target presents very different strategy vs Walmart. Will be interesting to see results   retailinnovation  retail 
My heart just stopped for a min when I thought I tipped the Walmart grocery person   100...but yeah it was only the singles I handed over.
 lmaohalle a butt cheek wide head ass bitch, you probably fuck in a Walmart dressing room gross ass Bitch
Since when is it okay to bring in rots in Walmart??!!
The shit you see in  Walmart 👀
 Communism_Kills The ReliOn meter from WalMart costs about  10, and strips for it sell for  9 for a box of 50. MUCH less than most strips.
Time to get moving! Power Rangers at 7, Walmart to make sure Odie has food and a much needed gym session.
 boblutz  JLutzMedia If Bob gets bored with retirement, he could be a door greeter at Walmart.
 Walmart Apparently no one is responsible for anything within your organization. Except MAYBE the fulfillment center, but...
 Walmart has to be more vigilant in the companies it uses on its website so we the customers aren't scammed smh
Walmart Urged to Sell Sustainable, Ethical Canned Tuna 
 MikeTokes  realDonaldTrump there must be a Walmart near by.
Gardenhire just proudly announced on Senate floor a lady in his church turns 106 tomorrow - and drove to Walmart after church yesterday WHAT
White Cloud Facial Tissue Just  0.18 At Walmart!


Love this coffee shop to pieces and now Culture Coffee too will open in Riggs Park by Walmart! 
HOT GIVEAWAY ALERT!! Enter to win a  100 Walmart Gift Card! Really simple entry!  Giveaway

CLICK -->>… 
 sarah_castille  ellaquinnauthor  amyjarecki  stories on the shelves Walmart and chapters mississauga 
 Yxes It sounds like a pup is going to be very surprised soon! What type of dog do you have? -Zoe
Dear  Walmart,
I have been hassling with your "customer service" reps re: failing to restock store & website. I'm getting a huge run-around.
I'm weak some girls was bout to fight at Walmart 😂😂😂
Why Walmart is doubling down on its commitment to climate change. 
 Dglegy  walmart_amp we're gonna be so broke
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart's New Truck Prototype Has Stunning Design
Sometimes I think I'm going to get groceries from Walmart, and save some money. But their apples always suck.
"I'm in the back very front of Walmart" - madison directions
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Semmes, AL 
 Cornfrmr this is great. My wife and I had a heated discussion last week on how I refuse to go to Walmart !
 Target I received an online order today w/ ready to feed Enfamil that expired in FEBRUARY. Would expect this from Walmart, not y'all. 👎🏻
just got me a job  Walmart
Walmart’s Global eCommerce is comprised of VUDU, Walmart Grocery,…
I have a massive migraine and still feel faint but I did it, I made it back home from my anxiety-ridden 5 hour Walmart experience alive.
Climate change Walmart business leadership—commentary  PLUG has 35% of  Walmart END of 2017 
 B1GWrestling let people know. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. tell the next person you see. thanks again
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Turnersville, NJ 
People that work at gamestop and walmart in spokane make no damn sense
 Gimbsaja We Need To Go To Walmart 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Liverpool, NY 
 Deals Crayola Sidewalk Chalk 24-Pack for  2 + pickup at Walmart 
I received  5 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Expert Grill Tabletop Gas Grill - 
seems corporations have a response to the living wage that libs didn't see coming  BillPeriman  BeladonnaRogers
 POOKITTY215 I ran around Walmart?🤔 Bitch what you do at family dollar? Act like you didn't know me. Ok.
Wondering if companies will continue working on  climateprotection?  How Walmart saved  1 billion by going green:  
 almaburrita is it really? I feel like Walmart is kinda going back to being cheap but target 🎯 is getting worse lmao
Update : Walmart challenge for those who participated. 

🏁------🚗 
🏁--------------🚗
🏁-----------------------🚗
Walmart Coupon Matchups: Week of 03/26/17 - 
 lilschwartzie  YouTube disqusting truth about starbucks. Or Walmart
I'm at  Walmart in West Milwaukee, WI 
Richmond Walmart is so fckn slow they got a whole bunch of mfs tht work here and have no fckn clue wht they doin 🙄😑
They're available at Walmart and Target. 
Cleveland Rapper Making It Rain In Walmart: via  YouTube
Just posted a photo   Walmart Neighborhood Market Kings Mountain 
 sale Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset With Car Wash -  58.60: Walmart offers Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset… 
Big discounts on Walmart Slumber 1 mattress in a box: 
Walmart, 20 cash 
Walmart is the  1 customer of  PLUG  Hydrogen  FuelCells 
 Walmart it won't let me, I think u need to follow me first
Wonder if Walmart getting the royals 🤔
SH playing in Walmart!
goin to Walmart  slippers  thuglife  momididntdoit 
How Walmart saved  1 billion by going green: Ex-chairman Rob Walton 
 racheldifruscia why tf aren't u ft me in Walmart ??
People of Walmart in riverhead is so spot on lol
 HeWhoRemembered / going to Walmart w mom
 TashaN_Jordyn28 bitch i been asj for my ine hoe u ran all around that damn walmart til boo came.. bitch wya... i want my one
why are we in walmart n my mom asked if there was any 4 lokos by the energy drinks lmao
 niktizzzy those are so cute! I would totally get mine from Walmart but every time I do they break off in like one day  momprobz
I entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
 nightxpain you can find primrose or rosehip oil alot of places. target, walmart, ulta, cvs, amazon. i like Pixi's one at target
Omg why the fuck would you wear a SpongeBob to Walmart is that a Halloween costume because that's fucking ridiculou… 
 Michael_Flora but you hate Walmart
Kids are cute not sexy...I'm 110% in support of the yoga pants..  Leggings movement and I shop at Walmart when everyone else is sleeping
 NateBell4AR people in Mena should be able to buy whiskey at Walmart
 4TaxFairness Lobby all millionaires at Walmart, McDonalds etc. to pay all workers living wage plus 40 hour work week, wage increase yearly
IKEA has become the new Walmart. Go in tryin to buy 1 thing, leave with the whole store 
 SuperKelli24  bookworm1018 £5 from our equivalent to Walmart.
I’m trying to buy the stuff on Lisa’s Xmas list. Does anyone know a store that sells “an end to world famine?” Walmart, maybe?
enjoy the walmart version of me lmao
EnvDefenseFund: Why Walmart is doubling down on its commitment to climate change. 
 itscatterton wanna go to Walmart with me & get this freaking phone activated 😂😂
chanel vs. walmart:

 NotMyRoderick 
bitch go make ya foam we goin to walmart to get you a air mattress 
 kimyman2 haha I used to but sometimes it's more expensive compared to target and Walmart :P
Now I kinda wonder if walmart has them 🤔
 c8linmclaughlin I'm still laughing at my phone in Walmart
That new structure has ruined the Walmart Grocery aesthetic 🙈
 OriginalFunko  Walmart so much want 😍😍😍😍i am gotham city's own you know!! Hehheh
Even though the Walmart on Saratoga is on the other side of town I'd rather go there instead of staples 😂🤷🏽‍♀️
I seriously hate Walmart.  Its terrrrrible
 techdeals Crayola Sidewalk Chalk 24-Pack for  2 + pickup at Walmart 
Read this please 👇 not sure about headline w/article but...i hope you aren't buying your meat from walmart or  
 Marketplace  services providers helped  wholesalers and  resellers  get  1.5b in orders in  2016

Spilled a whole thing of blueberries at walmart and they rolled all over the damn place 🙃
60 y.o. man pours gas on himself & car in the parking lot of a Colorado Wal-Mart, asks bystanders to film him:
  
Me when I saw Dr. Tolli today at Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video from  darkprevails 6 TRUE Creepy Walmart Stories
ill just buy some snacks at walmart 😔
 VicBeasley3 that's where I was when you made your appearance at Walmart he played ball against you from 8years old all through high school
I saw two gentlemen outside of the Dville Walmart with a "we need food" sign. I went in and bought groceries for them. & now they're gone 😢
Fred Cox On my way!   Almost 10 hrs   Walmart to get ready for inventory clocked out now heading to the next job then up at 5 to do it again
Not for nothing....  bigballerbrand clothes and hats look one step below starter... can't wait to see LaVar Ball in Walmart commercials lol
I liked a  YouTube video from  areusupercereal Kermit the Frog Gets in a Fight at Walmart!
*Calls gamestop*
"Hello thank you for calling your local walmart-" 
Free plus money maker Trident gum from WalMart:  freebies  cashback 
 AutoweekUSA I worked on Walmart’s real people campaign 15 years ago. They will never die.
Walmart necessities: 2 kinds of people🙃🤘🏼 
 Tunisie Boycott de Youtube: Starbucks, Pepsi et Walmart rejoignent la ...  Tunisia  تونس 
 100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway 
 VicBeasley3 hey man hated I missed u at Walmart I'd love 2 get somethin signed for my son who is stationed in fort Polk who I was visiting
Walmart application sooooooo long😩😒 but i finished that shit doe💯
 LSUMKT4440 Big advertisers suspending ads after they were shown alongside offensive content on google and YouTube  
In  Texas Walmart parking lot:
single shoe
broom
whole family living in a car
guy who cld barely fit his gun holster around his pot belly
 ihaterooster I'm allergic to Walmart but you can borrow the one I bought from World Market
 Walmart for the record u r honoring the sale for a lot of people - people I personally know in fact. Someone just picked up 5 sets    5/ea!
That is at any Walmart! 
Just got a "damn daddy" in Walmart 💀💀
S/O to the little girl throwing a tantrum in Walmart and screaming "puta"
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Greensboro, NC 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Oklahoma City, OK 
 CokaineCookie lemme hold that full length mirror you got from Walmart the other day
Free + MoneyMaker Trident Gum from WalMart 
Your MCM flirts with the Walmart cashier on Meth.
Jammed my finger trying to put wine in the cart at Walmart.. is this a sign??
 Walmart no thanks! Prefer to share my  badcustomerservice experience right here on twitter where everyone can see it!  shadywalmart
 pastogielover walmart. Lol
That is the second time I've seen someone I know at Walmart. That doesn't happen too often
Ok I am anticipating my day off so I can wander around Walmart.
Puppy treat (at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Glendale, AZ w/  hornelynn  leophx) 
 mmadisonbailey did you go back to the one by Walmart? 😂
Takes me 30 minutes to food shop and 45 minutes to check out thanks  Walmart for reminding me why  Publix is 1000000x better
9 Things That Are Worth Buying at Walmart 
He is right>  GregGutfeld says the left is an obedient cult. The right is as fractious as Black Friday at Walmart.
Activating st phone from   digital  straighttalk
This  30 Four Seat Family Lounge Pool From Walmart Will Totally Change How You Do Summer! 
[141] Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor, Gorsuch & More via  YouTube - Lee Camp. Bad ass comedy...
 Maura_Vlntn We apologize for the inconvenience. Please share your experience at for assistance. -Jazz
I just tried this for the first time and loved how easy it is. I like that it allows you to reorder repeat items... 
Our town's cops are very well funded and they send a helicopter after someone who stole a purse out of a car in a walmart parking lot. Woooo
Hopefully when ever I get back to Walmart they will have more adventures engines.  o.o
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Brenham, TX 
 shawnmanogue  Bernardine  X2JHiker  TETONsports  Hiker_Steve  UST_Survival yes my Walmart has ust as well as dicks
Me: I can't wait until I have kids and get to say NO when they ask me for something 
Lady at Walmart: what kinda shit is that lmfao
i stole my belt outta walmart & i still ask for other people netflix password 
My book I Hate Housework by Clare Macnaughton is available  Walmart based in the USA buy it now  books  Walmart  USA
a demon that is walmart itself 
 Best  Toy WOLVERINE ( 4") RARE ( WALMART ONLY ) 2009 ( X-MEN ORIGINS)  Marvel ACTION  Figure… 
I have never left the Washington st Walmart anything less than angry, but today I was shaking. Fuck you, Linda. 🖕🏻
Preparation
For this assessment, search for a case study about Walmart 
Everyone come out to donate blood at the Walmart in kingsville for Tyler!! They really need it!
When your 4 year old niece asks the cashier at Walmart is she a boy or girl 
Trying to bus to Walmart & back in the hour I have break is going to be the death of me
 eddieG805  Bernardine  X2JHiker  TETONsports  Hiker_Steve  UST_Survival I think I seen some for sale at Walmart
 allanwood I'll take "Things my tech-illiterate grandfather yells into his phone in the middle of Walmart" for  200, Alex
 UnnecessaryConfessions

I was just walking around naked, covered in vegetable oil, singing.

The people at Walmart weren't very happy.
 OriginalFunko  Walmart  awesome! I woud love to win!
Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset With Car Wash -  58.60: Walmart offers Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset With… 
I'm at  Walmart Pharmacy in Las Vegas, NV 
 poppytartxxx I use Magic Razorless Shave Cream (Extra Strength).  It burns a bit, but the results are amazing.


The day Red Lobster started selling they biscuit mix in Walmart was the happiest day of my life.
I just broke a candle at Walmart :(
 lynnzeebowling Walmart sucks ass
Walmart is playing  tiesto
feeling excited at Walmart Tulsa - S Memorial Dr 
Print your coupons before heading out to score these deals!

Just bonded with the lady at Walmart 😂😂😭
 BriannaBiteMe I just get mine from Walmart now, glue on. No shame 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Las Vegas, NV 
 NOTMYRODRICK they better not replace my mans with some walmart asian willy wonka lesbian 
 PizzaHunt_2017 Guilty of entering, but they're not criminals. I'm guilty of entering WalMart, but I never stole or murdered.
 james_justus This reminds me, I once saw an original Xbox game at a Walmart a few years back. Can't remember which game though.
 businessinsider Mixed effect my butt! Walmart monopoly put local retailers outof business! More forced  's invested into market! 🇯🇵 control
This looks like the Walmart brand of South's "Go Jags" filter smh 
 sethdespres I just picked up my walmart version yeti can coozie 👍
I just left Walmart with a bag of boneless wings, raspberries, and 4 individual chocolate cakes. This is my life
When given the choice between  6 Walmart steaks and a can of spam...always choose the can of spam
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART 4 (INTERCOM PRANK, DODGE BoeingLL)
 rwuwrastling congrats. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. so if anyone gets  ringworm. youll be  ready
I've been hit by my mom once at Walmart when I was kid being a little shit.
Never again. Kids these days don't understand respect
I lost my charger at Walmart ):
 Walmart trying 2 find WWE  Mattel retro figures of taker and warrior. suppose to b in stores but was told discontinued. What's the story?
 TomiLahren  Hey HOE.............Walmart hiring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Loser
I love Walmart
If Walmart would like to start telling people at the door that they’re not dressed appropriately to come inside, I’d be fine with that.
Why did the turkey go into Walmart?
Apparently, she had some shopping to do!
HAWS' Animal Rescuer Mark was called... 
 ebonee_renae 😂😂 aw shit. Yeah they're at Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video KICKED OUT OF WALMART
 Sailor_Samara Ohh I gotta my Walmart
Friday in Abilene we go to Walmart and the cashier guy, starts flirting with me hard core.
LMAO these girls at walmart was following me around xddd
last night i went to walmart and as soon as i was done paying for my things i gOT INTO ANOTHER LINE AND WAITED TO CHECK OUT AGAIN
Finishing upmy workout then trials stream with Walmart
you seem obsessed with holes, as if somehow that was the authors point, or yours, when criticising our walmart attire.  chofmann88
 Jvest_14 : I'd rather just sit in my truck than come into WALMART while there's a tornado in town.  NoBiggie
Why did y'all raise the price of your Great Value bread from 99 cents to 1.06  Walmart ? That's a significant change & im broke foreal
 goddamnbastille lmao I love it but I wish j was compared to something more high end rather than Walmart smh
 CincyDEIFan Have no fear Sheri!!!  You can find us at Whole Foods, Fresh Market ... & even a Walmart if you live in FLA!
im mad i spent money at walmart on shit i dont need, why does this always happen ?
The_CrapGamer DocCupCake84 I had that 25" Konka from Walmart back on my original Xbox days, don't remember what was prior to that lol
 Jared_Carrabis His vaGiNa emits a foul disgusting odor AND He is STILL as insignificant as Rat Turd under a Walmar… 
Just had a mini heart attack because I left my keys & wristlet in the chip aisle at Walmart 😂😂
 kayleemarie95 and I just saw a seagull at Walmart 😅
I liked a  YouTube video from  luzzi_michael KICKED OUT OF WALMART WITH LANCE STEWART! (WORKERS CHASED US!)
 walmart Roanoke Tx, called to check, in stock,  44, drove up there, now  78 and not in stock.  Fail  BadService 

 arantxadillon wanna go to Walmart?
 _itsEbae I always see the conditioner in stores the deep conditioner is not always there. Well at least at Walmart
Toys Inside Walmart With the kids fun. 
 MelissaLLB Oh no, did the bag break? If so please share your feedback at Our apologies. -Jazz
 ZoyAleh es walmart sorry xd
 DylanDylant1  WWESuperCard IT IS a toaster! a shitty  5 walmart one at that!
Dole California Seedless Raisins - Only  2.47 Shipped! ( 6.99 at Walmart!) - 
We have 4  nintendoswitch left at work if anyone's looking. Walmart, Kelly Johnson parkway
Was at Walmart shopping with blake and devin came and took him from me while we were here and now I'm all alone and sad 😢😢
 ebonee_renae They dont have em at Walmart?
"When you walk in walmart and the air conditioner hit you" 
Earlier this morning  nyspolice found a man hiding in a cardboard box in Rome after stealing shopping cart full of… 
 AlexanderLuke00 Try and go to Walmart and get a futon. There only like  100 with a mattress
Walmart Supercenter shoplifting calls down with new security measures 
 WWEMattelRetro still haven't seen them. Was even told in one Walmart they were discontinued lol.  ihatewalmart!
 idkarturo next time for sure! We just wanted the same fish and we knew Walmart had it that's why. So far she hasn't noticed lol
How tf I lost my mama in Walmart 😤
I love that one of my good friends works at Walmart cause I never have to look for another thing again when I go in there
 wirecutter I got it for  10 at Walmart. Very light. Not a lead brick like shed rain at triple the price with an unrealistic warranty.
 JKsOhohhFavGirl no Walmart in AUS?
Greg gutfeld... the Five... 

Dress Code

Ditto WalMart and other grocery stores!
 ncaawrestling share to your followers. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. use twice a day to kill fungus fast
Cruel Florida felon steals 4-year-old's cellphone from Walmart floor. Taunts family in text. Arrested soon after. 
Only at Chinese Wal-Mart 
 ncaawrestling let people know. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide kills ringworm quickly!
Lmao this nigga in walmart was smooth as shit to me😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lancaster, TX 
Damn someone stopped me in Walmart to ask me where my shoes and that she liked them, I felt so cool 😏👟👟
Went to walmart once today.. just realized I forgot things... yay. go Taelyn.
 Walmart ast mgr Lovette refuses to return calls I will be have to exercise my options Walmart thinks I will disappear, have incident reprot
im cRy. istg I used to see this at Kmart ( Australian ver of walmart ) but it just disappeared on me the- 
Can't fuck with walmart carts
Currently walking back into Walmart because my total was  10.02 and my gift card only had  10 on it
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (MILK GALLON SMASHING) // DOING
i went to walmart alone yesterday and it was a wonderful experience. i bought male body wash bc it smells better and lasts longer...
Do you guys remember on teen mom when Gary bought amber an engagement ring from Walmart? lmao
 MzBrownShugah geographical racism will be ata walmart near you soon. They just started this layout in January
Can't wait to move to America and see all '5quad' work in Walmart
 _diamond18 shit lets trade jobs then😂 & walmart
 SWilliamsNews John Isner would be working at fucking Walmart if he didn't have that serve
Idk why but it really irritates me when people who aren't disabled or elderly use an electric scooter at Walmart or anywhere else
Geez, going to  Walmart in the east side is like checking into a jail facility. Bag checks when you enter and when you leave. 👮🏻
 United If I want 2 see people dressed as Walmart shoppers I'll go 2 Walmart. Way to go United. Uphold some standards.
Your eyes got more bags than Walmart! — i honestly must say that
its true  
Troopers investigating Oneida County  Walmart theft find suspect hiding in cardboard box  nyspolice 
Walmart is that place that you dread going to, but you end up wanting in buying everything. It's the daily struggle.
Sporting goods retailer taps Walmart exec as COO 
 The_CrapGamer  DocCupCake84 I had that 25" Konka from Walmart back on my original Xbox days, don't remember what was prior to that lol
Spicy candied apple, thank you jpena4242 for dropping it off while I'm stuck at Walmart getting… 
Walmart smells like B.O.
 macbean_5 Dude, easiest fix ever...Walmart😋
(Suitable for sharing)
Trans women get  4/month HRT at Walmart with a prescription. High doses may be a bit more


 josegallardo463 lowkey which Walmart did you go too they never attend me when. I want fish 🐟
 Walmart Corp refuses to acknowledge my sever injury 70yrs old fell flat on face severe knee injury Walmart corp is ruthless to cust & empl.
walmart on 256 gotta stop touching shit the isles all fucked up
Chainstore Age - Sporting goods retailer taps Walmart exec as COO 
Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for  32 + pickup at Walmart

I laughed so hard at that Walmart rat video I wore myself out..I need a nap 😭
 mikemcdonnell  thehill because they are racist! They believe what they read while standing on line at Walmart!  national enquirer, or FOX
LMAOOO customer brought in "designer shades" and they were fucking shades from Walmart.
Some lady in Walmart just tried to kiss my son. What da hell...no no no 😷😷
 betterlivinblog do well. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. give him this knowledge
Classic  Walmart trying to rip people off, the neon  NintendoSwitch is  640 dollars while the gray one is  300 Cool 
 RealHambassador  meijer go the fuck back to Grand Rapids, shitty Walmart. Go fuck a chair or whatever the shit you do there.
 stefsanjati mom ? I'm at Walmart , I'm lost help 
Thanks for nothing  ProcterGamble &  Vicks Opened package  Walmart register before purchase &there was *no* coupon… 
I’m at Walmart!  
my friend's boyfriend almost broke up with her in the middle of Walmart
at Walmart getting some more toothpaste nshit
Didn't wanna drop the knowledge that I'm on my way to fight God himself in smt IV Apocalypse to this Walmart employee
FDA Finds Majority of Herbal Supplements at GNC, Walmart, Walgreens, And Target Don't Contain What They Claim… 
A woman is currently in Walmart checking her kid for lice in the deli section I have seen enough for the day
Love getting this little box in the mail! Review coming soon!  Walmart   walmartbeautybox  beauty  blogger… 
 milanicosmetics oooh I wanna try this, to bad Walmart in my town does not carry Milani.
 Walmart Severely inured in store1578 11days ago. Shanon was not compassionate. Lovett asst mgr and corp not responsive hoping I go away!
Sporting goods retailer taps Walmart exec as COO 
 ashleyvanggg  RicoGoNuts he is at Walmart
 jadadrose5 Walmart orientation videos are the most headass, they're soooo funny 😂😩
Hate speech, terroritst-oriented websites show big brand name ads, make marketers halt showing of ads.  UNL201 

It's beginning to look a lot like Walmart. Construction on the new sea Islands Walmart is nearing completion and... 
Sporting goods retailer taps Walmart exec as COO - Deena M. Amato-McCoy Sportsman's Warehouse has named Jon Bar... 
Walmart customer service has been and will always be trash.
Cheap Dole Canned Pineapple at Walmart & Homeland - as low as  0.85! 
 starcrosswolf IN 2008 WALMART HAD A DOLL THAT HAD A RECORDING THAT SAID ISLAM IS THE LIGHT! AFTER PARENTS HEARD IT THEY RETURNED THE DOLL
Local News! Starting tomorrow select Walmart stores in our area will be offering online ordering for grocery... 
 Best  Toys WOLVERINE ( 4") RARE ( WALMART ONLY ) 2009 ( X-MEN ORIGINS) MARVEL ACTION  Figure… 
I can never get wat I need from Walmart when I get off
Accepting New Patients!
Tuesday Hours: 10 AM - 6 PM

 alexiamarie97 heyoooooo!. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. just a heads uuuuuuupppp! kills  ringworm fast!!!!!!
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 101 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/27/2017 5:29:43 PM
 softtrees  topupdated get a temporary account from Walmart since those are under anyones name lol and you don't need parents
Talking to someone I haven't seen in a while in Walmart or in public is the most awkward thing ever.
I'm giving away something for you on  Listia:  5.00 Walmart E-Gift Card. Get it here - 
 Walmart Better yet do like  Amazon & let me add unlimited  giftcards to have 1 balance! Gift cards should make shopping easier not harder!
Start working at Walmart tomorrow
And no female should still be wearing panties from Walmart if she's a grown ass woman. Boss up sus
 GaggingGarrett y u suprised? all kinds of wack shit happens at walmart
Nothing at Englewood  Walmart. Onward to  MyKingSoopers  1!  searchforbluebell.  ILoveBlueBell 
Reclined in my car at Walmart fist-fighting over towels.
Lowkey miss working at Walmart cause I enjoyed catching up with ppl I went to high school with or simply just saying hi
Gucci vs. Walmart  notmyrodrick 
I lost my phone 4 couple of hrs.  Some1 turned it in at Walmart.
Bless the honest person who did 💗
So sad! Not even 1 miss call or text 🙁 😂
Inside Walmart With Niece Aylssa, April, And Daughter Jasmine. 
*doesn't plan on seeing anyone at Walmart*

*run into one of my students*
 Funny Real men go to Walmart 
 Popalopolis it confused me extra when I'd stop at Walmart on my way home from work and I'd have my red shirt that said F+F on it.
 Randolazzo U forgot chipotle burritos and Walmart chicken
I found  55 in Walmart lmao 
Jim Ross defeats Christian via a RKO outta nowhere in a Ladder Match at Walmart
 mariimatsu ....walmart.
 GrifAlyssa Thank you for sharing your feedback with us. Have a great day! -Jazz
I can go to walmart now or eat ramen first.....
 caitlinrush You may visit this link for more information on our ad match policy. 
 woah_its_raygan Walmart dude!!
Más  Easter means more fun with your family in our latest  commercial for  Walmart! 
that Walmart, the loss of which he laments, is for the enormous majority, a mere training to act as a boy 😀
 Walmart PLEASE fix  WalmartPay to use lowest value  giftcard 1st! I have 6  5 cards I can't add &a 28¢ 1 is taking up 1of my precious spots
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + folidays + uomen in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Glenville, NY 
Found over  1,771.38 in potential profit from Walmart/Home to sell on Amazon!  OA
Savealot/Walmart 
walmart sells cookie dough bites for 98¢ and some people still go to the movie theater to buy it for  4 i can't
It's taken a total of 5 employees to acquire a fishing license at Walmart.
I support small business by only puking at Walmart.
 sabochick take my business elsewhere because I don't agree w their values. Same as I try not to shop at  HobbyLobby or  Walmart. Sometimes
 FitchChick1109 Oh no, could it be the confirmation email went straight to spam? Jazz
😏 Employee Gets Fired At Walmart For Saying This. Someone Give Him A Medal.. 👐 
I hate walmart so much!!
i hate being in walmart
[ ObiaInWalmart] Valley Stream, New York we see you!! Have you found our products in your local Walmart?!?! 💚🍃... 
 collectsideshow  SideshowIronMan I fight for place to park at Walmart.
 lildarien lol I am glad that you did not deny the fact that Girls Day are the walmart version of the Queens aka Sistar.
Your MCM pushes carts at Walmart. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Wow this lady in Walmart got caught for not paying for all of her stuff in the 🛒. They checking her receipt and taking em out 😶 embarrassin
 Fusiiiiii let him know this !. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide  ringworm always lurks
One new wreck without injuries Springdale Blvd. and Emogene St. Close to Walmart.  92ZEW   WNSP
 CBSEveningNews that ends it all I would then start shopping at Walmart mart again or get a refund on that 5 billion dollar website lol
Milo peed on my very Best pair of off-brand, Walmart keds. I simply cannot work in these… 
One new wreck without injuries Springdale Blvd. and Emogene St. Close to Walmart.  fmtalk1065  WKRG
Which one? WalMart? We'll all be kept just under full time and paid so little we need food stamps and black people… 
Shout out to Ramon and Paul  Walmart
 emmadashleigh  TylerUtheim if they're assholes they can do that, and Walmart corp is full of them  Walmart you guys suck
I love Walmart! You always see something funny😂🤣😂
Louisiana is the Walmart of states.
 SearsAuto we went to Walmart lol
Walmart Won’t Stay on Top If Its Strategy Is “Copy Amazon” 
 thecrustiest  JaredFlorell do well. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide  ringworm sucks ! use 2wice a day
 emmadashleigh  stancrowell at Walmart you're only allowed 8 call ins within 6 months n in February I was sick n used 4
new all time low ........ my debit card just got declined in Walmart while trying to purchase 2 toilet bowl plungers
I was in Walmart and a guy walked by with the same cologne as the guy I messed around with and I had a flashback in the juice section 🙃🙃
 EZG_Hostile  KelbyKillJoy dude shouldn't you be protecting Walmart rn
If you shop at Walmart you MUST do the grocery pick up... This save so much time & TIME IS PRECIOUS... 
Who is that baddie running around the neighborhood?  BigGucciGregg
one time I was in walmart and the vacuums tried 2 kiss me
Walmart Sweepstakes  

Prizes: 750  100 Gift Cards - Ends 04/30/2017


**... 
Dear guy who just cat called me at Walmart. 🙂 stop it. You're weird. And I'm jail bait. 🙂
 TylerUtheim  emmadashleigh that's bc Walmart sucks assholes
A guy just came up to me in the Walmart parking lot to tell me he was having a baby. Good for you dude
We do 1 thing, and we do it well: TIRES! We guarantee to BEAT or MEET Walmart prices or any other tire store.... 
MAYBE ITS THE WAY SHE WALKED. I drove to Walmart and back and didn't die.
 b_ofrights  MojitoParaiso  dtkennedy  propornot  I have been swarmed by lunatics. It's like opening up a boarded up Walmart on Walking Dead
Walmart Uptown got stock of the  Nintendo  Switch. 12 in stock. First come. First served. 
WALMART BOARD VS BRAILLE DEATH DROP – Braille Skateboarding: Source: Braille…  skatevideo  skateboard  sk8
LA Makes Minimum Wage  15 an Hour - Walmart Counters in a Big Way via  ihatehillaryclinton
Dear  TRICARE your RX program sux! I used 2 go 2 CVS & was in/out in 2 minutes.  Now,   Walmart I sit and wait.  U screwed small town ppl
 saintknives indeed! Check: one month is  4

Here's the full list for your shopping convenience.


Matt came to Tech today and left a Walmart sack with my clothes in it tied around the windshield wiper of my car?¿… 
 PRT  CarSeat  Maxi Cosi IC149WHO Prezi Infant Car Seat Base White 
WHO TF LET THESE DUDES RIDE THEY HORSES IN WALMART LMAO 
This is the future of retail shopping. 




Coming up at 5 & 6, what police believe has led to fewer shoplifting calls at Springfield Walmart Supercenters. 
I'm at Walmart in Raleigh, NC 
This is the future of retail shopping. 




 TLA_CreaTech  AI
 abc13houston  anahibella9  Walmart the struggle is real at  18 a can that only lasts 3-4 days.
Heavy duty  plant saucers save floors!  Use with all your  plants & keep floors & rugs DRY  houseplants  DIY… 
 fanceenancy1 We apologize for the long wait time. We are dutifully working on this to better serve our customers. -Jazz
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 2 DAY SHIPPING FREE
Today is a sad day  KelloggsUS I purchased some Pringles from  Walmart and it was missing about 3" of chips. RIP missing chips
. walmart  DougMcMillon Plz make a public statemt against Muslim Ban  CEOsAgainstTheBan  1beautifulwall  adstrike_us
Things you can't unsee at Walmart  RandomThoughts 🤔
Man steals more than  14000 worth of electronics at Madison Walmart 
. WalMart is 'best positioned' in  online  grocery battle against  amazon  CNBC based on ne… 
3 predictions for the future of retail – from the CEO of Walmart 
 fredericl  Delta I remember when we used to dress up to go on a plane, train, to dinner, shopping.  No one wants to see ppl of Walmart 24-7
I liked a  YouTube video from  redactedtonight [141] Mainstream Media Sucks Hard, Walmart & Slave Labor,
 Sistarisbest lmao you must be searching hard to find this girl. Maybe if sistar were Walmart stocked they'd sell a physical album.
Good news for  SETXFoodBank, thanks to partnership with  WalmartFoundation locally and through  FeedingAmerica! 
Walmart bag for trash, cologne and ungrateful motherfuckers with no gas money.  ThingsSeenInMyCar
Does anyone know where they are selling psd 150 uniforms.  I didn't see anything last time I looked at Walmart.... 
Last chance to win a  50 Walmart Gift Card from The Smoky Mountain Trader! 
 SmkyMtnTrader  EntertoWin  Contest… 
Eat fresh, light and healthy this spring season like this mixed greens recipe! 
 Jet Business schools will be talking about how you missed managed this brand after paying top dollar. The Walmart exec n chrg shud b fired!
♯› Selling on Walmart Marketplace: is it Really Worth the Effort? Sell Better 
Not sure who's more brain dead, Walmart's customers, or their employees..
 AskeBay can you explain how they send it from ebay ebay.com? They want me to pay with Walmart gift cards lmao 
 saintknives A word or three about Walmart hormones..
Amazon, Walmart,  Target falling short on personalization. Read more:  TGT
Amazon,  Walmart, Target falling short on personalization. Read more:  Walmart
 s_pannkuk5 Walmart!! It's amazing
 stevecried   Walmart they're like 8.99 each
People in Walmart yelling at their kids 🙄🙄
 Transformers  Skywarp Voyager Class  Walmart Exclusive Brand  New Hasbro 2008  hasbro 
Walmart is the next  flightclub at this rate😂😂😂 
 SenatorCardin  ChrisVanHollen  WhipHoyer Railroad cars carrying coal over bridges, Walmart semi-trailer rigs are "not people too".
BRENDA W. of Houston, TX  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Red Lobster warms your food up in  30 white microwaves from Walmart.
" All the females in Walmart look alike "😹😹
Sneaky Pussy Flash In Walmart Garden Section 
 ThatColdCop I'll be up in a few minutes. I just have something I need to do." She walked over to the Walmart bag on the dining room table.
Real men go to Walmart 
Take a look at what I found at What do you think?  FREE 2 DAY SHIPPING
I've gotten more compliments on my Walmart wolf shirt today than I normally get when I actually dress up...
Watching compilation of thieves getting caught on cam on YouTube and the majority of them takes place  Walmart 😂and they make stupid excuses
 Target   Walmart  ToysRUs  NintendoAmerica When in the hell can someone get a  minines or  nesmini whatever withou… 
Some teenagers just threw their soda at an autistic worker at Walmart and my heart just broke.
 Chasity_Andrea We are sorry your last experience was not up to your expectations. Please elaborate more so we can properly assist you.-Jazz
Walmart Acquires ModCloth Scores Fashion Come Up  fashionweek  voguemagazine 
 Andrew_Passero lowkey Walmart has the best light section lava lamps black lights I got my cool remote controlled light strip for  18!!!
oh thank G-d if i switch my hormones to the walmart here then they should be somewhat affordable.
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter Liquor Store with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Walmart gas station is so packed 🙄
Star Wars Walmart Exclusive Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight Black Series 3.75 NEW  StarWars  Skywalker  Jedi
star wars the clone wars Captain rex fives trooper walmart exclusive figure  starwars
Need to go to Walmart but I hate to go to that bihhhhhh
Think it's time to call Walmart and Check on my application. 🤔
I said no to amazon, the second option is walmart and it wouldnt let me purchase from there either. like wtf.  Maybelline
I liked a  YouTube video from  flyydoesyt TRIPPING IN WALMART (ESCAPED THE COPS)
I miss the smell of Walmart
Saw this white lady pop her kid in Walmart y'all really are evolving huh
We're  hiring! Click to apply: In Store Banker NMLS 1, 2, Senior - 103rd & Silver Spring Walmart -… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Newcastle, OK 
I bought 7 pairs of pants recently at Walmart
I can spend all day at Walmart and target
 dretheloser check at your local walmart etc
The major SUCKFEST that is the MSM, Walmart’s link to slave labor & MORE on a NEW  RedactedTonight [WATCH] 
man food stamps must've just been redistributed because east side Walmart lines long asf on me 🙄‼️
I tried to pay for fitme foundation from Maybellions website and it said to choose from amazon or walmart to order my stuff from. like wtf
Holy crap what's up with walmart Kerry Warfel 
- I'm SCREAMING 😂😂😂 I Came To Get Something To Drink From Walmart &' I'm Leaving Out And Here The Buggy Pusher Screaming "Ayeee Ice Tea"
 Walmart it's been like this literally for years. It's nothing new.
Hair store or Walmart 
 OriginalFunko  Walmart who else thinks that Batman is WAY BETTER than superman 
So they open up a Checkers in the Walmart by the house....Yuck! I love Dunkin Donuts tho Lol  fatgirl
I picked it up at my nearest Walmart ✨  milanicosmetics
 DovesAndMoney safe to say this trumps any future Walmart experiences im going to have
Noxema Razors  0.97 at Walmart via Printable Coupons | Deal Seeking Mom™ - Grab this new  2/1 ... 
Real men go to Walmart via  9GAG
 SenatorCardin  ChrisVanHollen  WhipHoyer Fossil fuel companies, Walmart, vehicle manufacturers.. degrade highways, rail bridges, and roads
I went into walmart with a budget in mind. Before I even get all my groceries one of my coworkers told me they were gonna pay for half 🙌🏾
 ohmygouldness walmart
Great message here.  Don't be the rep that gets replaced by AI. Hint: Don't be a Walmart - Be an Amazon  disruption 
Interested in a  job in  WestValleyCity, UT? This could be a great fit:  Banking  Hiring… 
SCRATCH THAT ABT MY WALMART-INDUCED DEPRESSION for it is K-Mart where the soul comes to die
 XoAnnaBaby We apologize for the long wait time. We are working on improving this as soon as possible.-Jazz
Found some cute ass sandals at Walmart bitch 8 bucks 😝
...y'all, I made a mad run to Walmart, buying coffee (parking my car beside the outer cart rack for an extra long... 
SP: Man found hiding in cardboard box after stealing from Rome Walmart 
blinded   Walmart King George 
Does anyone know how to get to Walmart
 tech  it Walmart's Use of Sci-fi Tech To Spot Shoplifters Raises Privacy Questions
Walmart's experiment, which ...
im gonna be bigger than walmart
Well played, Walmart of Laramie, Wyoming. 
Furniture Store To Move Into Shuttered Walmart Space In Northeast Wichita 
My last day at Walmart pharmacy is this Friday. I'm definitely trying to go out and celebrate, someone have a party 😊
Walmart brand socks are my SHIT
SP: Man found hiding in cardboard box after stealing from Rome Walmart - 
 20SmthngPrblms  enjoyLaCroix doesn't every Walmart have that?
THE VIDEO OF THE GUY RIDING A HORSE IN WALMART DJTKYOVJWGKTN
 achadthomas more of a single Sonic town, but not big enough for the WalMart.
WALMART SHENANIGANS INTERCOM PRANK! (CAUGHT BY WORKER): via  YouTube
 lefize Thank you for your support. We are happy to have you as part of the team! -Jazz
 Retweet  BabyFood  Beech Nut Stage 2 Sweet Potato and Chicken Baby 
this fucking prick didn't show up i'll suffocate myself with a plastic bag from walmart tonight 
 lindasue0818 Not unlike trumpers shopping at Walmart to buy the cheapest China made shit products, that NO Chinese person would ever buy!
There is 1 Nintendo switch available on the Walmart online store.   GeoffLRamsey 
I liked a  YouTube video from  kixlos PUBLIC PRANKS IN WALMART
We specialize in leadership & service training and would love to be of assistance in this area at anytime  Walmart  Cinci_Sapper
 SenatorCardin  ChrisVanHollen  WhipHoyer I'd also like to see an infrastructure degradation tax levied against Walmart's big rigs on roads.
 ZHoffey  BustinBucks55 do well. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide if you built it.. he will come...
 DashleyDriveby I was at Walmart too, and pass the greeter too!😁 
1-Star Review of  Walmart: “Sometimes helpful sometimes NOT” –  via  sitejabber
 Lifetime 5'  Essential  Fold-in-Half  Table   30.56  
 Lorreen11 Hi Lorreen, we suggest checking your local Walmart! Let us know if you need any additional assistance in a direct message.
 Laura2777 loblaws also had no highlighters. Walmart tonight
There are hobos, hippies, and Fallout-looking dudes in the Walmart parking lot. What the fuck is happening??
Man douses himself in gas, lights self on fire in Walmart parking lot 
SP: Man hides in cardboard box after stealing from Rome Walmart


As Many Views Online Over Broadcast Many Could Argue That Nobody Beats Walmart.  learned
I just witnessed first hand how sweet this Walmart is😩😂
 Ms_TyNasty I thought u won't tryna leave Walmart
 nude walmart chicks young trinidadians on pornhub 
 RapSheet  VoiceOfTheStar where's the Dez Walmart tape?
PepsiCo, Walmart, Others Join YouTube Ad Freeze As Top Trade Organization Demands ‘Brand Safety’ via  tubefilter
 Liv_johnson18 well ok then. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide drops of Jupiter
 Tim_Ad_  RichardBSpencer it is an existential threat. If we can avoid Walmart selling home nuclear reactors, we can do that too.
Time to batten down the ol' hatches; the hood almost flew off (at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Huntsville, AL) 
The people you see at Monaca Walmart
Great ideas for spring decorating!  bhglivebetter  BHGLiveBetter
I hate waiting in line at the Walmart pharmacy.
 ZacharyDubz I'm sure  Safeway  Walmart could help you out
 kailaphilo lol. So Walmart isn't unethical?
So I'm selling one of my old iPhone cases and I'm meeting girl at Walmart.... I specifically told this bitch I was going to be there in 20
OK Foods Chicken Recall Metal Contamination Million Lbs 
 NickyWhat  Sargon_of_Akkad Especially to walmart...ALWAYS bring a sweater or hoodie to Walmart because it is COLD
I just got tricked into giving some guy my number at walmart lol why me
all i want is the god damn car cleaner from walmart for  20 but all my damn money goes to gas, bills rent 🙄
 Jewelshepard and  BNBuzz  Walmart  BestBuy  amazon so excited you all are  selling  slasherdotcom
 kailaphilo well personally I do spend too much at Walmart or target idk if you do or not.
 davedresden Excited for your set next week at the Walmart grand opening in Scranton, gramps
Thanks  Walmart for selling me the wrong kind of battery and not letting me return it...I love when I waste money.
The excitement I got in Walmart after finding party cake flavored peeps really explains how things are going for me ✌🏼🐥
 kailaphilo money is not everything. We spend money at Walmart and target, companies ran by white people. Investing in a black business is
 Walmart games locked up to prevent theft. Reasonable. Yet inadequate staffing means each time my son buys one we wait 10-15. Poor system
These people at Walmart always trying to tell me I can park in the Employee of the month, or police parking spot... smh
 pathstotread gucci vs the dumpster behind walmart tbh
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Martinsburg, WV 
HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY  angelr_18 hope it's a great day🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉tb to the day we got kicked out of walmart . 
 ColHapablap wait I didn't know and I was at Walmart yesterday 😰
 kalebrbell wrong. If insurance was sold at Walmart I'd have it.
Can you imagine spending your entire life standing on wire? It's the cruelty that caged hens face in the supply for… 
Target's new dual-concept stores could set it apart from Publix, Walmart, HomeGoods and Amazon via  TBBJnewsroom
 TheSuzieHunter did you try the giant reeses egg they only have at Walmart yet? I need to get some
hahaha i just drove all the way to walmart to get a canvas for my humanities project JUST TO REALIZE I LEFT MY CARD AND MONEY AT HOME :-))))
At my favorite store! WALMART!! 🙌🏽
My family just left me in Walmart and I can't find them anywhere. Cool.
Low Kalz  100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway  win  giveaway  sweepstakes
I just took one of the best naps in my life. Now time to ruin it by going to Walmart
Walmart makes cookies and cream Oreo. New bagel making for me 😜😏
Just saw my biological father in Walmart..happy fucking Monday scum bag 🙃
Noxema Razors  0.97 at Walmart  DealSeekingMom
"Walmart on Countyline has become scary.  The parking lot has people standing around ca..."  FoursquareFind  walmart 
Got more pants at Walmart
 DanielleNoel It's a shame walmart didn't provide you with decent photos to use
 luzzi_michael you should play the Ouija Board in Walmart
 Kiplinger Walmart, Bush & His Judges, Darpa and the start of addiction, DEA and an extension of Drug Trafficking DHS?
 egg_dog Worried that Cereal Walmart now knows you suspect him?
 DonatedShelf__  NinMobileNews been seeing some 64 for like 20 at walmart
You've never seen a struggle until you've witnessed Charles and I try to put a pack of Oreos back into a tied plastic Walmart bag :-)
  Zoe  Walmart the old 90's  BatmanTheAnimatedSeries All 4 Volumes &  TheLegendOFKorra Complete Series
I'm waiting for my mom to put money in so I can go to walmart and buy fucking food
I really don't wanna go back to Walmart today ..
Not sure why I even go to cavenders anymore, I can get the same stuff at Walmart 😂
 RedApeGuy you might be able to find one at Walmart
BudBud found himself in the mirror at Walmart 2day   Walmart Chippewa Falls 
 lyssblisss either way. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide boom!. take care
Shawna Woolwine yep I want this lol 
Walmart granted drone patent 
Overnight supplies. (  Walmart Supercentre in Windsor, ON) 
this day just keeps getting worse and im now crying in the walmart parking lot lol
 DiligentTruth Queen is NOT richest woman in the world you wanker , takes seconds to Google it , owner of Walmart is , Lefty PRICK
Waiting for RTC (  Walmart Supercenter in Henderson, NV w/  boltonnut) 
HBB Corridor Revitalization "Pop-Up" Meeting. HBB Walmart. Stop by, chat with planners, 10-11:30a, Tues. Mar 28.… 
 abc13houston  Walmart Where did them WIc Cards and food stamp go?
walmart got
 Hash4242 Bummer! You may be able to order them online at 
I received  30 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
"A man told me that he could help me with more than just broccoli in Walmart today and I laughed in his face." -Lisa Moldovan
Guess who s still at Walmart 4 hours later crying and shaking in front of everyonr
Need to go to Walmart but I'm dreading it so bad
 JU_tothe_LIA They're available at Walgreens, Target, Walmart, large grocery stores, many other stores and online! 
 AFishEntOSRS a 4 foot foldable table from walmart
 Cinci_Sapper Great! Thank you. - Kai
 BirnamPork she knew something was up when I offered to go along to Walmart.
I just witnessed a man try to take back an opened jar of pickles at the Williamsburg Walmart. I can't make this stuff up y'all.
 WalmartCanada sent me wrong item (price 3 ) and want me to go return it by mail. This is not funny. They lost me as a client.  Walmart
Deli Associate - Walmart Canada - Whitby, ON 
Produce Associate - Walmart Canada - Whitby, ON 
 shanedawson I work at Walmart and we have a shit ton of peep oreos. And they are some bomb ass Oreos too.
 ninthgoddess aesthetic: crying in walmart
gucci vs walmart  notmyrodrick 
Let me get up so I can go to Walmart before this weather fuck up
Ladies: Bartender at night or Walmart/General Stores? 🤔
Found this gem at Walmart! 
 KenzaBoussaid That is great! Thanks for shopping with us. - Kai
Check out Portable Nail Dryer  WalMart  naildryer  THeRustyNail via  eBay
Caller: Someone called & said they work for the gov't and I have   coming & to meet at Walmart.Me: Why would the gov't  meet you at Walmart?
 Kathleen_Wynne  hillary Did you intentionally choose Walmart colors and the McDonald's hands for that picture?
Fuck Walmart you gotta feed your kids one way or another greedy ass fucking company 
Either this Walmart is overpricing its games ten fold, or I've somehow stumbled into Australia. 
Woo! Friday is payday and I hope I can go by Walmart or a craft store and buy the paper that will go with some of these badges!!
 58.60 Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset w/ Car Wash (vs.  87.99) at Walmart  deals via  dealspotr
 shantii_unique nail spa by walmart
Police are looking for several suspects in a series of baby formula thefts from a Baytown  Walmart… 
 Cyan_Ottercat  BorderDaCougah  ollieottah Walmart, mobile 1 extended performance,  26 & it lasts 15k or one year. Saw 0w-20 there yesterday
It's too nasty outside to come to Walmart. Y'all stay home 😅
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
I just backed into a car while biting into a doughnut in the Walmart parking lot. Lol
I took Mason to Walmart to get Pokémon cards and we get to the car and he opens them and they aren't even Pokémon cards 🙄🙄🙄
STORY TIME | CAUGHT STEALING IN WALMART ! 
Some dude almost caught these hands at Walmart😤
 luogl Walmart ……
LOCAL ONLY!

Need a  birthday  cake? Know someone who does?

Were you just gonna run to  Walmart… 
I just saw one of these signs at Walmart on midlo🤦🏾‍♂️ 
 Yo_Q_Crush she live in Walmart and they seem to get ALL OF THE FLAVORS. I'm like if it aint in Target or my regla grocery I'm ok
Covington Police Department asking for help identifying subject. Wanted for theft at Walmart. Contact Detective... 
Cvs Pharmacy Broadway - Safeway Pharmacy Spokane - Walmart Pharmacy Longview Tx - 8,494  theater  Acting  actorq 
 spawnofbowie  MuesReviews Yeah Johnny is pretty the reason why you can buy ramones shirts at Walmart
I was doing so good at WalMart until I seen my main man on this pizza😛 
Big advertisers like Verizon, Walmart can get this under control quickly b/c of access.  SMBs, not so much. 
A trip to Walmart can be a date. As long as you're with who makes you happy. 
I picked it out at walmart out of curiousity cause I was like "whaaa? a weed?" but its really good
Lets see how many times I can go to Walmart today.
New agreement at IPL part of asda Walmart really looking forward to our first visit to the canteen 
 WhoTopher Great! Thanks. - Kai
Top beauty essentials for less at Walmart with shipping as fast as two days  ad 
 CallMe_Erykahhh from Walmart ?
DID YOU KNOW? | Shipt, Amazon Prime, Walmart and Instacart all offer grocery delivery services in our area. 
I'm at E-commerce Walmart 
Somebody left a Walmart bag full of poop in the parking lot. Not solid poop, either. It's definitely diarrhea.
I am the only person that sings and dances in Walmart while shopping lol
 the36review Our apologies. Can you please elaborate a bit more so we can properly assist? -Jazz
 Molestronaut  EXPotemkin sorta reminds me of the generic bottles of pop in walmart the other day, they looked at h… 
Walmart will end up like sears...look at the stores and watch their employees....sad.
 amazingatheist Disgusting. Fuck you you fish eyed, buck toothed Walmart version of a Native American.
Binge Eating Disorder/Bulimia/Ednos | Walmart Edition - rewteet!  binge_eating_disorder… 
I really need to go to Walmart like asap 😫
Liked on YouTube: TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALGREENS (THE NEW WALMART?) *COPS CALLED* 
 Iam_BonitaChica walmart
A furniture store, not a grocery store, will soon occupy the former Walmart Market in northeast Wichita.… 
woman with a loaded shopping cart in Walmart, left before it was all scanned to take child to the b.r....I was next in line.😠
 Walmart it said it would be at the closes Walmart near me.on the 30th Thursday. It said it would be shipping today but we got no email.
I should've bought jasmine oil when I was at Walmart yesterday
Keep your edited music at Walmart, quakers.
 kat_413 Walmart usually has men's flannel for not too much
WAC – Receive a  250.00 Walmart Gift Card after closing and funding of loan.

This hidden treasure is the perfect... 
Walmart launches new tech startup incubator, as e-commerce war with Amazon heats up - TechRepublic 
 whitneyysimmons  ryansnow125 I wish we were somewhere cooler than Walmart
Deals: Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset  58.60 (
 MattPresto Check your local Walmart for the Beer battered Chicken and cheese fries.  Ask store Mgr for assistance. Thx! -HM Consumer Team
i wish walmart would give you a little courtesy call when thEY DECIDE TO CHANGE YOUR SCHEDULE OUT OF NOWHERE
 Kids  Toys  Marvel Legends loose  Hulk Avengers Walmart Movie  Figure ULTRA RARE BLUE PANTS… 
 Gavabunga_ That out of all the clothes he could wear, he thought "I'm gonna wear this bath towel to Walmart"
“ WLBT: Man steals more than  14,000 worth of electronics at Madison Walmart 
Walmart run when I pick the kids up
had to listen to real life hicks waiting st the walmart bus station...life has changed
You know it's been a long Monday when you actidently walk into the men's restroom at Walmart😂
Kingdom Hearts 1.5 & 2.5 release on PS4 tomorrow. I do believe a Walmart trip at midnight tonight is happening. 😍
Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for  32 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
Jfc think this Walmart has enough Natty light?? I was startled 👀 
Well, unless he wants to compete with And 1 and Shaq in Walmart stores. Otherwise, is switch it up.
Probably should have gotten the stuff I needed to cook earlier when I went to Walmart
 darksouls167 When you make a purchase online you receive an estimated delivery date. If pc not received by then, please let us know. -Jazz
The clerk is older than the Walmart franchise. She looks like they tried her at greeter but she just looks so mad.
- Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset  58.60 (
 mikeymanfs hi Mikey I love watching your videos I dare you to go to Walmart and walk right up to employ and put on inappropriate song Thank
*HOT* BIG 8-10 Person Tent Deals from  86 Shipped! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, ... 
Rite Aid Coupon Match Up List for the week of March 26th – April 1st via Price Match at Walmart, ... 
Retweeted Halifax Breaking ( HaliBreaking):

MVA at the Walmart on Damascus Rd. Emergency crews responding
 _curtyjo31_  i pay more so i dont have to see crazy walmart people
lies the repair guys told me after i had them check my car: "you can make it to walmart and back, you're fine" 
HOMELESS COUPLE FOUND LIVING IN WALMART ATTIC WITH HOT PLATE, METH LAB, AND 42″ LED TV - DIY Health Tips 
 ericgarland exactly.... and pay no attention to all the prepaid phones I bought at WalMart. They're a real bargain.
Kroenke runs Arsenal the way his wife's family runs Walmart
Walmart Unadvertised Deals & Coupon Match Ups via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
Softsoap Body Wash only  2.22! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
Ozark Trail 28 qt Cooler Float with 2 Cup Holders only  3.08 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
Amazon: Kelloggs Nutrigrain Bars for a Steal! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
Mainstays 6-Speed Blender only  13.47 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
Scott Paper Towels Cheaper than the Mart Delivered to your door via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon ... 
Save on Clairol Hair Color + Walmart Match Up via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oshkosh, WI 
So I picked the wrong line at Walmart
 CoachJones007 Understood. Thanks for alerting us. - Kai
State Police:  Rome shoplifting suspect found hiding in cardboard box  weirdnews 
I thought I had seen it all until I noticed the woman working at walmart's name was "Rainbow Brite" 
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes:  areck0001,  misskaynva
 luzzi_michael or Dares in walmart
A Walmart special for  AJLeatherman and  RotchyKong 
 AnnieWanschura But then I wrecked it all by getting up and going to Walmart, then changed the bedding. *blankstare*
 KatiePavlich Perhaps just about poor taste in clothing. Does TSA enforce that now? If so they're needed at Walmart. ;)
Vote for your favourite find for a chance to win a  1,000 Walmart gift card at Style Kitchen Finds.
I found the wet n wild highlighters at Walmart rn and my day was made. I've been looking since last summer to find them in stores!!!
I'm lost in Gibsonton walmart. Help
At Walmart looking a hot ass mess
Hunter you.can get more musk at. walmart 
That is one time when people need the MOST help  Walmart this warrantee is laughable 
MVA at the Walmart on Damascus Rd. Emergency crews responding
Walmart: FREE Command Hooks + CHEAP Purell & Fairlife   diy, handmade, crafts, fashion,… 
For Trade:
 I'm looking for Village Belle, the Walmart exclusive and I'm hoping to find someone who might do a swap… 
"Going to Harvard is like going to Walmart" 
-  priddle_andrea
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bloomington, IN 
When you see your coworker at Walmart cuz you both skipped work today...  awkward
 lefize  Walmart lefize, please get help mate
I fucked your bitch in some Walmart flip flops
Shouldn't you want to replace things when people are in a time of need?
 Walmart 
 Checkout51 can you plz re-check the receipt id : 45023353? Its Walmart.ca slip. Thx
I'm at  Walmart in White Plains, NY 
GM, Walmart e PepsiCo pressionam o Google. 
Get cash back on walmart purchases on ebates. ebates promo code 
Walmart: Black & Decker 12V MAX Lithium Ion Drill w/64-Piece Project Kit Only  49.00 Shipped 
Things I will NOT buy at Walmart - Money Savvy Momma -  savemoney  shopping  moneysavvy 
I need to go to Walmart but I don't wanna go🙄🙄🙄
 Walmart how long will making a build computer for u guys. Bc my mom ordered a desktop and it said that it will be shipped this morning..
 itsLisa__ no worries. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide will be on standby
Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for  32 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
I got a free Walmart Coupon Code AMAZING 
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
I have got into a full blown argument in line at Walmart before. I really don't care.
Thankfully Nevada does require this which is great because I know Walmart would have taken advantage of that lack when I worked there.
Everybody knows me   Walmart. All the managers want me to move to their departments, im THAT bitch 🤷🏻‍♀️💅🏽
Mamacita Ham its time to TURN UP!! 
 tassidycerry Walmart
Niggas fucking anything and getting em pregnant I witness it every time I go to Walmart 
 Raeseti even at Walmart my battery is just barely under  100
 ronaldofryman that's her mystery mini!!! i want her psh but she's 1/24 walmart exclusive 🙄
Getting violently stoned before going to Walmart was probably not my best idea.
Found over  57.85 in potential profit from Walmart/Household Essentials to sell on Amazon!  OA
Little infuriates me > than when I  do my best to give a company   and they build their whole system to keep it from happening
cc  Walmart
 TransLabyrinth  MuscleMandrill pitbull is from alaska now. walmart did this and it can't be changed back
People People please stop shopping   Walmart and the like for your electronics! I have a customer going on a wild... 
 Njswag14 walmart always on top
I work at wal*mart for about 7 years now
 Walmart
Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for  32 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET 
 steezespot Amazon or Walmart? Lol
 Localthotleah not even Walmart he's goodwill
That shit was going to Walmart. They just stealing drugs to sell it back to the sender 
mixed feelings about a  12 primer from walmart working better on me than a  40 primer from sephora 🙄 but okay bet
Customers saved an average of more than  3,000 off sticker price during the pilot program  Walmart  lowprices
Dawn Non-Concentrated Dish Soap 56-oz. Bottle for  4 + pickup at Walmart - 
IM FUCKING CRYING IN WALMART RN 
 StfuMegs bitchhh thinks he Gucci but we know he's Walmart😤👋🏾🤔👊🏾
 MyCokeRewards total but entered me to 1 of 2 for a "chance" of winning the  5 Walmart card. What's up with that? I got ripped!
Walmart To Open New Stores In UP And Uttarakhand - Looks To Create Over 40000 Jobs -  GoogleAlerts
Just seen Mike jones in the Walmart. 😂😂😂 fuck he doing up here
I liked a  YouTube video from  raymondwarnerr WALMART GAME OF SCOOT! | Raymond Warner VS Steve
FlashBack Review: Kit Fisto's Jedi Starfighter - TCW [SOTDS] - Walmart Exclusive 
I need to go to Walmart but I can't even get up😩
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 101 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/27/2017 4:23:23 PM
Cellairis Mobile Device Repair Services Now Offered Inside Glendale, AZ Walmart via  PRWeb
dumb things in walmart, intercom prank: via  YouTube
It's almost 4:30PM and  Walmart in Midlothian VA only has 4 lanes open and they are so busy. A shame
 MyCokeRewards I was 5 points short (340) of 345 for  5 walmart card. I enter a code on new site to make it 355. And it didn't add to my...
 mikeymanfs Walmart
 CamFAwesome Whole Foods is a hoax. Check expiration labels!Trader Joe's all the way&close to Walmart prices.  Hope this wasn't a metaphor 😜
Someone please tell me why I'm still working at Walmart I want to throw rocks at my reflection.
it's like Chanel vs. Walmart
The random crack head in Walmart.....and the fucking pedophile in McDonald's. My oh my, don't we get the good types here
 anagramo  Mela2084  vladimirdurmont Wild Wild Walmart. Gracias!
 luvnmypretty We also have the SAMSUNG 32" 4000 HD LED TV for  178 with 4.5 stars out of 5 on 496 reviews. -Zoe
There's a joke/pun in here somewhere...(taken at a Walmart) 
Straight up laughed at a kid who got stuck in a bin full of stuffed animals at Walmart. But srsly ma why did you let your 10 yr old do that?
someone tried to sell me their mixtape in the walmart parking lot so that's how my days going
 Dom_Glov this is all they need. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide all the cool kids have it
The Walmart at 18551 N 83rd Avenue in Glendale, Arizona 85308 is now providing in-store mobile device and... 
 DonLagreca  RealMichaelKay  Rosenbergradio Oakland/STL/San Diego want to have their cake, eat it too. NFL is a business just like Walmart.
 Walmart  try to blame the customer for not coming in when they find a great deal 'cuz they're employee f*cked up. 
 GolfDigest what's next Walmart saying Pajamas are appropriate attire for shopping?
 Nevaaa__ get him a bottle. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. enjoy
Gostei de um vídeo  YouTube HAPPY POKEMON FACE! - Quick Pokemon Trip to Walmart to Buy Pokemon Cards! -
These ppl at Walmart finna piss me off . They messed up my damn medicine twice like how stupid can you be
I just yelled at a lady in Walmart because she was treating an employee like shit
 BestBuySupport I have been for over a week. Meanwhile, Toys'R'Us, GameStop, Target and Walmart have you beat on restocking.
 AlpharettaDPS wonderful, no need to use Walmart or Lowe's parking lot for cameras or buy Starbucks drinks :)
Everytime I walk past the movie bins at Walmart I never fail to see Step Brothers
Before or after? 
“I bought a planter at Walmart and I’m doing this!” said a reader when she saw this blogger’s... 
i really want that cotton candy scented candle in walmart.
 rafiherman10 congrats. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide go dj, that's mydj
finally had time to catch up on  AaliyahJay most recent video & find myself at Walmart 11:00 lastnight to try a new drug store foundation 🤣😩
I hate Walmart, I'm so angry
 ThingsSeenInMyCar the walmart bag I use as a trash bag.
Just posted a photo   Walmart Houston - W Sam Houston Pkwy S 
 Walmart  screwing customers yet again. Had 'til April 3 to pick up an item. Re-stocked and unavailable to re-purch… 
Infinite Possibilities Vol.1 now at  
WATCH: Pissed Off Citizen Sees Nasty Thing Muslim Woman Does In Walmart Parking Lot, Starts Recording In Shock -... 
 Walmart I did reach out to over the phone. They are reaching out to the vendor to ask if fees can be waived.
Niggas that work at Walmart so thirsty , be breaking they necks to talk to you yo, 🙄
The dude on the left didn't have a jersey to wear for  highfest so he went up to Walmart and get a Fake Lebron jers… 
 LordCodys  glixty nigga they sell ones that look real for 45  at Walmart just wear those and boom you have another 700 to use
Found over  302.95 in potential profit from Walmart/Home Improvement to sell on Amazon!  OA
A little kid asked me today what Super Walmart is and the only thing I could think to say was, "A Walmart that is super"
People in Alabama are nice. I got complimented for looking nice in a Walmart.
Earn a national credential & higher employment opportunity from Walmart Distrib. Center with logistics training at… 
Spent an hour at Walmart and  200 later, I feel like I bought nothing...
Walmart: Huggies Jumbo Pack Diapers as low as  4.97! on  bloglovin
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 3/27/2017 4:16:47 PM
 yarilisx Walmart or amazon were the only places I could find
 SAM_31007 I was hoping they'd have a legacy game. My Walmart still has like 3 PSP games on sale.
 Walmart of 15% in a restocking fee. That is ridiculous. I should not have to pay extra when I was shipped a broken product.
Mob rushes Jonesboro Walmart, frightening customers 
Same nigga got a theft charge for taking a handicap scooter from Walmart and lied and said he stole a car
 ShaBoy_COB makes no sense really. but speaking of, this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. happy monday
I don't feel like going to Walmart🤦🏽‍♀️
So, who is the genius that.thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
im bored at walmart someone talk to me
 Walmart who told me that to return the broken camera that they sent me, I would have to pay for shipping myself and pay a minimum...
Bruh!! people at walmart are some dumb. Lol
“Do the plant” for  meatlessmonday with  Dominex Skillet Meals in Eggplant Parm or Fiesta Veggie Mexican Mole. Holy… 
Laurie we need this 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 3/27/2017 4:14:47 PM
Fresenius Guaranteed US Renal Care NNN Investment | 10.5% Cap | Next to Walmart Supercenter -  
 kenyagooden56 yea jerry in lanett and Walmart
 Walmart ordered a camera online. When received, camera not working at all. When I called about a return, was forwarded to a 3rd party ...
He the same nigga stealing NyQuil out of Walmart acting like its lean.
Man douses himself in gas, lights self on fire in Walmart parking lot | 
Really hate Walmart 😤
I liked a  YouTube video from  kimmieayer1 Nooo momma Walmart aint on fire LMAO
So they redesigned this Walmart but did they hire more cashiers? 👀
Huffy Disney Frozen Olaf Inline Scooter for  10 + pickup at Walmart 
High as fuck in your local Walmart.
Nooo momma Walmart aint on fire LMAO: via  YouTube
When you run into an old friend at Walmart and have a casual 45 minute talk. ❤
Don't expect Whole Food treatment if you're paying a Walmart prices.
 _Vidaaaa Thanks and Walmart during Halloween
Man steals more than  14,000 worth of electronics at Madison Walmart 
Was on looking for stuff, and was really surprised to find this:... 
 Lyndell75White Why not? It looks refreshing, fun and fierce! Are you excited about the new movie? -Zoe
Off work waiting for love so we can go to Walmart😂
 YAppelbaum  desmoinesdem  elainejgodfrey 2/ she wouldn't feel comfortable getting a Pap smear at a WalMart and the GOP rep stormed out
 cassiesmitthhh the Walmart we picked was super sketchy but like, it wasn't horrible 😂
I swear Walmart is a hangout spot or something because every time I go there I recognize someone from school.
Folks, please know your health is wealth. Don't be cheap when it comes to your health. Pay that extra for ORGANIC... 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Happy Wheel's  2 - Building A Toilet Paper Fort In Walmart xD
I can't find Kites nowhere and I don't feel like going to Walmart
Saw a guy that looked like Sig in Walmart, so now I'm sad.
Are some of y'all really content with working at Walmart for the rest of y'all lives? 🤔
Yep...Anything to shave time off of my errands! 
Found over  2,308.78 in potential profit from Walmart/Toys to sell on Amazon!  OA
Walmart in east Memphis is PATHETIC  Walmart
Report:  Walmart,  Kroger are well-set for online grocery - read more in today's  grocery  SmartBrief… 
 Maaryyy21 I have to tell her to stop growling at people in Walmart every time I take her there 😂 she doesn't like strangers in her space
Why walmart in American canyon always out of sht ! Idek why i still go there smh
Two Hauls From Walmart & Meijer&Reviewing MTN DEW Spiked Lemonade: via  YouTube
 lowskiwung taking a shit in walmart
 Walmart why is there only one person at the customer service desk??
Lodge 10" Pre-Seasoned Cast-Iron Skillet for  13.66 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the 
 قسم_التقنية Lodge 10" Pre-Seasoned Cast-Iron Skillet for  13.66 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the... 
 قسم_التقنية Lodge 10" Pre-Seasoned Cast-Iron Skillet for  13.66 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers the 
HUGE Quorn Moneymaker at Walmart via - Quorn Moneymaker Check out this ... 
 0.33 Suave Lotion at Walmart - Learn more at 
i love walmart
You shop at market basket? Can't relate. That place is like Walmart meth out cousin. 
When you get all the way to the check out at Walmart and realize your resume able bags are in the car... 
Thinking about buying Dynamic Lamps? Read our latest review of the product by Mic via  yotpo
placed an order this morning at 7am never recieved an email saying it was ready only to get this at NOON  Walmart w… 
 99_goonsquad go to Walmart and eat a tub of ice cream
 ReproduciendoAhora "WalMart" de Tank and The Bangas just got my lil self and heart rearranged.  
Thank you  Walmart Greatly appreciated! At least it didn't happen in the house! 
100 Watt Light Bulb Walmart  
 Lenovo 15.6" Laptop w/ i3-6100U, 4GB RAM, 500GB HDD, Win 10 Pro (80TL008SUS) -  269.99 FS  Walmart… 
 99_goonsquad drive to walmart and scream I have a foot fetish in the parking lot or store
 t_rent_smith Tweet us the info here so we can see what we can do to help. -Zoe
 Kaeos_Tennyo  jjohns313  poptivist  brielle_55555 what, like from Walmart? Or did they go for a designer label?
More Big Advertisers Suspend  Google  Ads Over Offensive  Videos

 ninthgoddess we are going to walmart probably but my mom isn't very happy about it
Ready leave Janelle right here at this fucking Walmart 🙄
i haaate coming to walmart 🙄
These the same joints that be 39.99 at Walmart, he not slick 
So I got a rotisserie chicken from Walmart and when I got home to cut it up, it was ALL bones and skin.
 twix where can we find these  WhiteChocolateTwix bars?!  Walmart is completely out and we never got to try them!… 
 OWNTVFans  dallasmavs  Walmart  minniespantry thank you OwnTV Zane  RichOnOWN for the love I am so excited about tonight
I liked a  YouTube video from  trendcrave Top 10 CRAZIEST PEOPLE At WALMART! (Weird, Funny & Psycho People At
 Moooozle I bet he'd make a great Walmart clerk tho 😂
The guys in the Walmart auto garage are listening to NSYNC. Makes the wait a little better
This hoe at Walmart in Hemet is wearing a tye-dye hemet rocks t-shirt like wtf
One of the worst places on earth: Walmart.
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
My nephew Lukas is at that stage where he thinks every guy I have a conversation with is my boyfriend. Example: Walmart Cashier...
 Weirdneal they asked her to get  17,000 in walmart GCs?  thats nuts. how did she even get them?
I may have to start shopping at Walmart again... edible cookie dough. All I need in life right now!! 😍 
10 Inappropriate People At Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Westminster, CO 
 Walmart I'm so thankful that there's a  Target nearby... what  awful  customerservice !!  badwalmartexperience  trending  buyerbeware
 MCA420  jackherer20 you know your group is tough when they hide their face behind a Walmart bandana.
This is the future of  retail shopping.  AI  IoT via ValaAfshar
 jentrification  HHooversGhost Which great company might he mean? Monsanto? Exxon? Bank of America? Walmart? Koch Industries? Comcast?
 jackie29xoxo walmart
 dma_ma3 It refers to natural disasters. You may reach out to Asurion directly at 1-877-968-6391 for further details on your warranty. -Zoe
 badgaldre us   Walmart 
Oh the accuracy!!! That CVS across from the Cosmo was better than a Walmart! 
 phineas_deezy  ThalesLives  ClarkHat  hradzka saw that too. Look at all those walmart specials and tacticool holsters. Fucking amateurs.
Man steals more than  14000 worth of electronics at Madison Walmart  securitynews
Amherstburg police seek Walmart shopper in Scarface jacket  securitynews
Crayola Sidewalk Chalk 24-Pack for  2 + pickup at Walmart - 
Walmart: Huggies Jumbo Pack Diapers as low as  4.97! 
I did not go into Walmart to grab 2 boxes of cereal
Walmart: FREE Command Hooks + CHEAP Purell & Fairlife Milk! 
This is the future of  retail shopping.  AI  IoT 
IN THE KNOW WITH RO: THE   1 THING NEVER TO DO AT WALMART 
Tax ReFUNd Saving with Samsung at Walmart  SamsungAtWalmart  IC | MumbleBee Inc 
Walmart’s Vudu app now converts your physical movies to digital for  2 each   via  techcrunch
Doing the weekly shopping thing. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Marion, OH) 
Walmart –  Ingenuity Smart And Simple Playard Ridgedale for just  83.88 (reg.  149) 
 MiamiLoveee Walmart got swimsuits😴
Walmart's Anti-Union Training Video Is Another Reason Why No One Should Shop There 
*popcorn chicken from Walmart deli 
📹 dcboy32: dcfinnest: All Smiles in Walmart! No place is safe when we hit the streets 
 OriginalFunko  Walmart I would love to have one
"I'm Gucci and she's my Walmart replacement"  zoemaedavies
went skating , got pulled over , fuck around in walmart & the night ended around 6AM 😂! ❤️my friends  banditt__… 
"You guys don't have to designate your driver anymore, how great is that?" 🙈 Really? That's  Enactus_USA sponsor  Walmart rep's message!?! 🙄
somebody hollered   me & said " zakia from walmart " 😂😂💀
I love the minty taste of  TomsofMaine Luminous White Toothpaste from  Walmart!  LuminousWhites  myPearlyWhites  ad 
Select Walmart stores B&M  299 Nikon Black D3300 DX Digital SLR Camera with 24.2 Megapixel… 
Hey There Delilah is playing in Walmart right now. Fucking kill me 
The DMV is worse than Walmart  ghetto
Austin Aries defeats Dr. Death via being deleted by Matt Hardy in a Ladder Match at Walmart
Founders at Work: Stories of  Startups' Early Days  ad 
Congratulations to  KC Bitterman! He won a  100 gift card to Walmart for our March Pot of Gold promotion. 
(h-1) 4:00PM Monday.  Hi Richard!  How are you today?  I got up this morning and decided to run to Walmart to pick up a few things
 kelliethomasian the Physicians formula butter bronzer at Walmart is good! It's a smooth color. I love it
Communist (noun): One who complains about capitalism on their apple devices while sipping starbucks in a 30 dollar Walmart Che Guevara shirt
I really spent 200  at Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video Kids Gambling at Walmart?!?!
Notice the new TV ADS for WALMART? They are ppl proud, of course ea location costs taxpayers  900k and their employees are mistreated.
Yea if Walmart has your size bra 🙄😒  bigboobprobs 
Woman gets jail time for hit-and-run of girl in  Walmart parking lot  walmart
 Blondie song in a  Walmart  Easter  commercial? They are right. These ARE the  enddays.
Almost just hit a kid with my car because he was texting and riding a unicycle in the Walmart parking lot. Only in a college town
Currently setting up my home delivery...need a waterproof laptop... 
 Ryumoau_Juno in just random places, that happens everywhere.  Walmart attracts the best!!
Win a  1,000 Walmart gift card, enter here > 
It is my belief that in every  Walmart there is a portal to a Kentucky trailer park.
 miller918lien  ryanwsawyer24 
I feel ur pain. Our walmart looks like death warmed over...
Select Walmart stores B&M  299 Nikon Black D3300 DX Digital SLR Camera with 24.2 Megapixels and 18-55mm and 55-2...… 
A worker at walmart just told me to stay safe
My momma know i don't feel good & she want me to drive her to Walmart not the one that's close but east lake 😒 hell nah
If you go to Walmart and don't have a "wtf" moment then did you really go to Walmart
Those little  2.88 mix & max shorts/shirts at Walmart are so awesome for play/lounge clothes for kids. Esp. for my kids who live outside lol
Omg the man in Walmart was stopping people saying he can help them save money on cable this man talking about "I have plenty of money" 😭😭😭😭😭
This bitxh so ugly & broke she gotta steal makeup from Walmart 😂
 Walmart Huh...a 10 day delay in response. That's the same motivation I see in store. Long live  Target!
For Natural nails ask for Erykahsnails
Salon   genesishaskairart
Located �� WalMart Plaza*
6175… 
I LOVE Walmart shorts.
Vega backstabbed a local Walmart and they cried over the newbies' disgustingly optimistic attitude.
I love that  TomsofMaine's new  LuminousWhites toothpaste is safe for everyday use! I got hubby on board, too! AD… 
Living naturally is easy w/  TomsofMaine Luminous White Toothpaste from  Walmart  LuminousWhites  myPearlyWhites  ad 
My Walmart is definitely ahead of the game 
I only went to Walmart and my body hurt 😩
I love sending chase on a manhunt to buy me makeup in Walmart 😂 
 CanLynn Just try it. Walk around walmart with it on your wrist and then with it on your ankle and see which is more
 emmaylouh u should try the scrunchies they sell at Walmart. They dont really stretch out too much.
homestuck life at walmart my
then after eating my chili dog and fries my mom's like "I need something sweet," and I'm like "dammit." So we go to walmart and buy icecream
Walmart Expands Its E-Commerce Ambitions With a New Investment Arm - via  campfirecapital
Up next, rodeo Walmart!!! 
I liked a  YouTube video from  lovely_lego Walmart Beauty Box March 2017
Profiled   Walmart... By another brown woman. Kinda disgusted.
Just had a lil Mexican kid in Walmart chasing me crying, mistaking me for his dad. I ain't you're father lil ese
>>>>>>>>>>WHOOPI LOOKS LIKE A CASHIER FROM WALMART!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 ryanwsawyer24 jealous! My walmart has zero cards
Did You Get This At Walmart 
4 years ago I was wearing Walmart jeans dollar general T-Shirts and some busted up nikes. I literally came from nothing.
I needa go to Walmart 😒
I always somehow end up in Walmart once a week 🤦‍♂️
 tayp12321 I really like the picture cases from Walmart i destroyed my first one but I got another and it's held up great, no scratches
IMHO  YouTube is rife with extremism, rampant IP theft, insufficient parental controls-with little incentive to fix. 
So let me slip on something and go to Walmart real fast
 itsbl0ndie  Kokie Guessing the foundation must be really good? Or maybe they just haven't stocked up! 🤣 Walmart 
Jack Morris autograph appearance at the Taylor Walmart Supercenter location! This Saturday, April 1st from 1pm -3pm… 
📹 dree18: Hott!! Walmart exhibs 😍🔥 
KIDS For Natural nails ask for Erykahsnails
Salon   genesishaskairart
Located �� WalMart… 
 _AnaeliPA lmfao Who's Walmart?
Zero St Walmart is the best one fort smith has, don't   me
What's the point of being a Walmart greeter when you not going to say hi Bitch and just be mugging  bitchbyee
Found over  786.06 in potential profit from Walmart/Patio & Garden to sell on Amazon!  OA
The future of retail outsourcing:  Amazon versus Walmart 
Walmart with the shits lmaoo 
Daily  WIF | WALMART BOARD VS BRAILLE DEATH DROP  HipHop  Music  Interviews  Tech  ExtremeSports  Cars
"Don't you work   Walmart?" 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Biddeford, ME w/  samannthamaria 
Brands boycotting Google ads include AT&T, Verizon, Walmart, J&J, Pepsi, Starbucks, Kia, and General Motors.

 
Who got arrested at Walmart today?
More than  2,600 of baby formula stolen from Baytown Walmart 
 MickiBenton Of course if you're talking about the Boutte Walmart then... 
i found this shower gel at walmart that smells exactly like vanilla pudding. so much so that i almost felt weird about using it to shave
TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (CLIMBING RAFTORS // CLIMBING TOP SH... 
Walmart pharmacy is ass
" North  Carolina  Walmart - Truck drivers not  welcome?!? Well, except when its time to restock of course."  cool… 
Win  100 Walmart Gift Card
 LauraE08048 What a cute doggy figure! Did you pick one out to bring home? -Zoe
Went to Walmart bought me a lot of food...
My dead eyes at the end. 😴😴😴   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
 LikChan Also known as the only damn one Walmart had.
Rosa Mendes defeats Jacqueline via a Push in a Bra and Panties Match at Walmart
River phoenix looks like leaving walmart that's the worst, the world with both hands.
HOT OFF THE PRESS: HD Murder & Rape - Walmart AP - Burlington GLPS | Read the all-new Daily now:… 
Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for  32 + pickup at Walmart - 
Me when I have to shop at Walmart 
I spend way too much money and time at Walmart 😅
Amazon, Walmart, Target falling short on personalization - Amazon, Walmart, Target falling short on personaliza... 
 zoesmurphyy i have only watched sparingly BC they messed up oliver FROM THE BEGINNING. now its just walmart batman w no direction
I just entered   WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
You know you're old when Walmart radio is playing AC/DC It's a long way to the top (If you wanna rock n roll)
 colinag5 Carrier, US Steel, IBM, SoftBank, TransLux, Tesla/Panasonic, Sprint, Ford, Toyota, Apple, Amazon, GM, Walmart. Total: 247,650 jobs
overheard convo between 2 guys putting up a new walmart sign: "man i got a looong skinny dick, it'll come out ya eyeballs know what i mean?"
Learn why Amazon, Coca-Cola, Crayola, FedEx, Kellogg, PetSmart, Target, and Walmart are all sold on Lehigh Valley:… 
just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
 trixiemattel  farrahrized both passable daytime Walmart realness
 Pinback  Bobble  Funko DC ROCK CANDY ~ HARLEY QUINN ~ BLACK & WHITE WALMART EXCLUSIVE!  Batman  Store  Mall
 Batmobile  Batman Hot Wheels 2017 Batman Batmobile series Walmart exclusive lot of (6)  Forsale  onsale
Walmart adjusts its strategy, Business Insider:  CRE
Get a FREE Hershey’s Kisses sample at select  Walmart stores! From 3/24. 
If you don't smoke and you start working at Walmart, you're gonna become a smoker 😭
Walmart is a joke.
My gradmums catholic cross and the "baby Jesus" Candle I got at Walmart all burned up lol
Didn't wanna be in my apartment by myself so I came to Walmart 😂
 krispykreme at Walmart tho 🔌🔌🔌🔌🔌🔌 oh how I've missed your glazed buns
FUCK. It's 4!? Oh shit... you guys I had such a busy day... okay. Postpone that until tomorrow.. I'll go to walmart... later. Lmao 😂
got terminated.rehired. and got a different job offer better than my last position all in one day. llf I fw walmart.😭
 DaggerLeonelli i was fortunate to be able to buy some food online from walmart's website with paypal, and amazon with my checking account
 HanselsHouse We're always happy to offer you great games at great everyday low prices! -Zoe
 Shemoansmarco  jjcepejulio Get Lactaid or the GV Lactose Milk from Walmart it's good that's what I drink
 NickyM96 I've gotten 8k today.... but I went to walmart and got those steps 
..haha and rode 20 mins.
 Walmart will never get my business again. ordered a bed that never came. contacted FedEx & they told me Walmart never shipped the package.
 CocaCola you are the 3rd axis of evil: Walmart, McDonalds, and  CocaCola
 jordynngoins save your money. Head to Walmart/Walgreens/target 😂
Walmart can kiss my ass
I ordered some things from Walmart online. I added on a few chocolate bars because they were… 
I took  40 out at Walmart and forgot to get it so the people behind me stole it instead of turning it in.. Gods watching y'all
 Maura_Vlntn Sometimes pricing errors occur. See our Terms & Conditions under Pricing here: for more info. -Zoe
So Apopka's Walmart parking lot is a car dealer now.... 😂😂😂😂
My one year anniversary at Walmart corporate office coming up 🤘🏽
I hear that  Walmart is starting it's own  airline for its customers who wear  leggings as pants. Take that,  UnitedAirlines.
I just checked in at Walmart
Walmart must be having a special sale for really ugly people today. Funnier sights than at the zoo in here.
 Rob_Card  KamalaHarris tune of hundreds of billions of dollars yearly.  Walmart gets subsidized to the tune of a million dollars
 OriginalFunko  Walmart super cool
 sspace_invader they're surprisingly from walmart!!
 Walmart why did my wedding set just break in half? You all have some crappy jewelry even though this was pretty ex… 
I hate when people look at me like I don't belong in Walmart because I DONT 🤷🏾‍♀️🗣
 MattMitovich I prefer to do my shopping at Walmart, Supercorp is bad value for money in comparison, but that's just me.
If you think that mobile apps are solely for big name brands like Walmart and Bank of America, you are wrong.... 
 OutTheBandoo u work at Walmart, u are the whitest person that works there
 value proposition is key to your  success only if it is unique to you and value you offer your customers. 
Anonymous Corporate Political Funding is legal !  Walmart gets the first reward from government.… 
Fixed the neck! These pins from Walmart have the perfect diameter head to replicate the neck ball joints. 
Ugh the car got stuck at Walmart . 😐
Walmart Distribution Center Temple, TX 
 imaginaryerika  natcassidy The West Coast controls America's trade with China. Every Chinese good in every Walmart in the country.
FREE Command Hooks +  1.27 Moneymaker at Walmart! via Everyone Loves Couponing - Score a useful ... 
You never see Walmart shoppers and Target shoppers in the streets like the Jets and Sharks ready to "educate" each other. Only politics.
Am I the only one who thinks the toilets at Walmart are really low to the ground?
Fashion tips from Walmart last week...

Ladies stop dying your hair grey...... it's stupid not trendy... you're... 
Imagine my surprise when the intolerant liberals told me to not jack off at Walmart
Select Walmart stores B&M  299 Nikon Black D3300 DX Digital SLR Camera with 24.2 Megapixels and 18-55mm and ... -… 
 Xbox  Xboxone  Gaming  Livebroadcasting WalMart offering up some great deals. r/xbox 
 Brigette912 .. rumor is..he likes Walmart 😂😂
 wyndmusic oh also, walmart is the crips
I need to get a job at Walmart. That would be great.
SIX RARE EcoTools Coupons = FREE at Walmart &  coupons  savemoney  couponing  discount  giftcards  freebees 
Walmart and shit 😂. Ask for fucking customer service 5 times and no one has help.
Pleasant day here in the Walmart McDonald's
Perks of being stuck   Walmart during a tornado... Mother is over half of Walmart so I get her walkie talkie to listen to Walmart gossip. 💁🏽
 sketchqueen I still remember waiting at Walmart at midnight for them to put it out. 😂
 snickerdoobly your mans at Walmart 
The most boring Raw of the year is today but no worries I heard Walmart is having a bleach sale!  JoeCroninJCS  tocasio0814  CountdownEnded
 M_arishka Unless your coming from Cali or East coast don't judge. Probably same shit happening, minus the meth lab walmart
If this get 500 rts I'll scream "Happy 15 million, Jack" in this Walmart
 spann  AprilWisham  McemaAl..Hail at the Guntersville Walmart 
 callme_bags my bad bags they sell it at store like Walmart or the hair store n shit
I just saw the ice man in Walmart with shades on...I got questions
druidic circle: circle of the walmart parking lot
really hope I get this job at Walmart 😩😩
 RoguePOTUStaff2  realDonaldTrump I would go to the nearest Walmart and by a month's worth of big ol granny panties and say, "make me."
WALMART BOARD VS BRAILLE DEATH DROP via  YouTube
Had a great time signing  slasherdotcom yesterday! Thanks, everyone who came out or/and has bought this  indyhorror… 
I'm going to Walmart in leggings and slippers I am actual white trash today
I just saw two people drive down Beltline to Walmart in electric wheelchairs. I need to know what they bought. Truck nutz? Peeps Oreos?
 naejasme  GenieGenePS most likely ones from the Walmart salon
Walmart’s UP, Uttarakhand plans: Expansion depends on clarity in FDI rules 
Stg I've never seen a cute girl in the Walmart on Dave Lyle
This lady at Walmart just keeps holding my items instead of putting them in bags
Walmart / Amazon: Little Tikes Sort 'N Store Toy Chest (Red/Blue)  45.47 + FS 
37 major companies Trump protestors want you to boycott: via  AOL: I already  boycott Walmart. The REST, NO WAY!
Walmart in Polk County is like what Macy's is to NYC.   smh
I need to go to Target and Walmart
 landon_H_123 is telling us how to steal hot hues from walmart
WALMART game of SCOOT ft. Raymond Warner & Stephen Garlatta! You've been asking for it for a while, you got... 
 burro388 His face might be lol I'll check it out in a bit. At Walmart...shhhh
I liked a  YouTube video PROPOSAL PRANK IN WALMART (GONE WRONG)!!
Bioware: What would a game look like if the women in it looked like special Olympians & Walmart cart boys?
Announci… 
Walmart, shmalmart - how small town Lola, Kansas said no to big box chains, and embrace a public private partnership 
 TheRickWilson  futurism 2/ If anyone perceives UPS, FEDEX, Walmart et al are not already moving down this path, they are delusional!!
 Walmart yes I did. I'm not really excited about trying again. The last time it took him over a week to call me back
Half the items in this Walmart are the hitler price
Three quarters of B.C. residents believe B.C. Liberals out to help political donors: poll wonder why?
I'm still in search of a diaper bag, I don't want no ugly one from target or Walmart, I was a nice one, designer of course..👌🏾
Bitchhh I gave James the money to buy his police uniform &it was issue for him to bring me to Walmart so I can buy… 
 Cynthia3scobar let's do it at Walmart 😂💀
 LupoRubato I wonder theres a way to block posts from those apps.
Half the time its peoples check ins to walmart & floods twitter.
These old men in walmart sooo creeped outttt 😖
I live at Walmart 🙄🤦🏽‍♀️
 tsmbandit  Smurgen from Walmart . com 
 theRealCatSmith That's a clever use for it! You can also use our boxes to upcycle into cute storage bins with colorful contact paper. -Zoe
Channel vs Walmart  vipdirecto 
Damn this lady just got arrested outside the Walmart
You done fucked up today  Walmart 
 AJemaineClement maybe they were People of WalMart tights
this man gon walk by me in Walmart talking bout "I just know you got a man" 😭😭😂 like niggga, I wish ‼️😑
I need to go to Walmart today or tomorrow
Went to Walmart last night for something  .88 and walked out paying  88 problem?
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 116 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/27/2017 3:26:17 PM
Walmart Value:  250 Billion
Chanel Value:  8.5 Billion

I hate all of you open a financial evaluation ok.
My Grandaddy a hoe he suppose to take me to Walmart why we end up at one of his mings house🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Kris Wingerd was the winner of the  100 Walmart gift card during the second  ItsOnUsBerg week. Congrats, Kris! 
 kuhb00m  Walmart Yeah, riiiiight.
My God does not lie! I spoke it and as soon as I got to work  100 Walmart gift card was given to me from my boss💃💃💃… 
 hdakotafla China? LOL. Stop shopping at Walmart Hobby Lobby & other GOP Voter Fav spot if u don't like China! & don't buy Trump ties.
Is there a ghost walmart? Please, hook me up, I'm so tired of the same old dress
 berriewine  jonostrower Theres a reason I dont go to Walmart & theres all these compilations of their customers, u no u laughed at them
Walmart going to pick you up?
I'm making a quick stop at Walmart to finally buy soil to plant the sunflowers seeds I've been having for about a month lol
Peds® socks and liners come in tons of styles. Check them out at Target & Walmart!
The future of retail outsourcing: Amazon versus Walmart  
Also nothing irritates me more than the WALMART vs. Chanel memes.
DO YOU NOT KNOW THE CURRENT STOCK VALUATION OF WALMART??

BIH KEEP CHANEL
Carl Shapiro says WalMart & Google are “a big boon to consumers.” Barry Lynn says both harm workers &drove down wages  StiglerConcentration
Did you know that Walmart is carrying a lot of organic produce now? I have a neighborhood Walmart near me and I'm... 
i was on the phone with ivan yesterday and he was like "does canadian tire live near walmart"
Found over  3,303.50 in potential profit from Walmart/Home to sell on Amazon!  OA
 Walmart 2 day free shipping really 4-5 day shipping??!!?? Very misleading  amazon is really 2 day free shipping without deception
 NinersNation  scottfrankel13  minakimes
Walmart also requires (OK, maybe not more) government assistance for employees, but OK.
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 102 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 3/27/2017 3:23:23 PM
In the future, America will have 1 store. A Walmart-Starbucks-McDonalds-Taco bell with a Bar/strip club. 
We will all work and shop there.
Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset Just  58.60! Down From  100! PLUS…  Instagram  Walmart  deal  deals  hot_wheels
ik i'm walmart enya but this girl is deadass dollar store enya hrnfbdb 
 Princess_Moe96 I've went to Walmart and done laundry, now I need to motivate myself to continue the agenda 😂
 B0atZ_N_H0z I mean to go from selling  10 hoodies at WalMart to selling a crew neck for  115 that's crazy
Chanel vs. Walmart 😂 
Steal one from Walmart. 
ON FUCKING SIGHT !! Walmart, nail shop, grave site, church parking lot, restaurant whatever🤷🏾‍♀️🤷🏾‍♀️
"young adult that isn't quite all there" look today bc I'm wearing a mix of my moms clothes, Walmart clearance, n ross
 moorehn  shannonrwatts most of the time leggings shouldn't be a problem, maybe i dunno but this exists too 
Walmart Dedicated Truck Driver -experienced (WalmartMcCarran Yard) job - Reno, NV: yard, walmart 
 JayPaul1989 How exciting! Cartoons are a lot of fun. What did you get? -Zoe
I'm at Subway In Walmart Supercenter in Delmont, PA 
 ManweSulimo828  Cr1t1calTh1nk3r  Dobieblue  alliejane 
Another conspiracy:
Why when Walmart's empty, there still aren't any check outs?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Delmont, PA 
Can this fucking brad sousa guy go get a real job and stop tryna be a Walmart version of my man please
the Elkton Walmart's customer service is so much nicer than Wilmington's. praise the Lord for them 🤗🤗
 bgarcia_4 just stole from Walmart!
 ILoveBlueBell  LinnJudy will it be at all  Walmart I live in Whitesburg, ky... Store 552. Would love to have it.
Gotta pay  55 in "commencement fees" just to make my graduation official... I can buy a table cloth and a piece of paper at Walmart for  4 😒
This man at Walmart hit on me & then took it back bc I was too young 💀
I think it's just a universal thing for men that when you retire you spend your free time sittin at the door of your local Walmart
Walmart To Walmart  GoodBitch
 summieedoo Walmart! ☺️
Come to our April Feels Day Donation Drive this Saturday   University TownCenter Walmart! 
how do people walk in walmart with no shoes bruh? that's so trifling
 XopherFL Walmart, Dude!
😂"he at walmart." 
 jaredwa Is that why taxpayers r providing corporate welfare to one of the wealthiest co. Like Walmart explains it: Clinton  Boomingbox
Samantha L Brown Alexis Sharae Nelson 
Psa: be careful when you smell conditioner it'll go up your nose&you'll walk thru Walmart looking like a crackhead trying to get it out😂
. Walmart - conservatives buy products, too. They're usually the ones with money. So why boycott their ads on YouTube?
 sobeys how exactly do your prices "reflect the competitive market" when stores like Walmart have much lower prices than your stores?
You can earn a  5 Walmart eGift Card when you buy  10 worth of Diet Dr Pepper®  ad 
. Walmart - I've seen you pander to every kind of lunacy to make a buck, and now you pull ads from YouTube?
 LaunchpadBB OMG, we just looked at two drugstores, Walmart, and two other grocery stores.  Had to give up for now.
 walmart egift card giveaway from  aaronreckgiveaway. 
I wish...these people still bring they ass in Walmart it could be a hurricane they don't care 😒 
 nicholedobo  EWAEmily  ewrobelen Bought at public expense from a non-profit controlled by  Walmart
EVEN IN  MEXICO,  WALMART IS  GHETTO AF WITH  RATCHET ASS  BITCHES AND  PUSSYASS NIGGAS MAYYYN!!!

LMFAOOO!!! 
 JustinRaimondo  AnnCoulter change that to "Walmart *should* fire their ad execs"
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs TRYING TO GET KICKED OUT OF WALMART (CLIMBING RAFTORS // CLIMBING
 waterparks We have your free iPad ready. Along​ with your Walmart card. 😂
Make your next  movie night a tasty  low-carb one!  ad  YourTaxCash  Walmart 
 66oznerol  surface I get mine from Walmart I don't have that money lmao
They got banana candy from Walmart across the street and apparently they hate banana & are spitting it out. These kids are cracking me up😂
Wow, I love  Listia! I just won this for free, 5.00 Walmart Gift CODE 
. ReesesPBcups releases a  CremeEgg via  Walmart for Easter, and you will freak the   !% out. 
Lemme toss this idea in your direction....... paintball war in the middle of walmart
Don't wanna go to Walmart after work 😭
Ohio Man Steals  3,800 Worth of Fishing Gear From Walmart |  HuntLife 
Matchbox Twenty And Counting Crows Add Summer Tour Stop At Walmart AMP via  5news
 MissCassieEspo but like the walmart version
 Itsgoodfam Walmart
This food I got from Walmart is so bussin
The Bellmead Walmart is weird.
 juniperbreeze07  Boomingbox She was also a Yale educated lawyer, speaker, and board member for WalMart, no?
 Walmart  WalmartDotCom Cant Wait To Get My 2 Cartoon Series Sets In The Mail  Yay  Excited 📀📀📺 
 Rusty_Blumpkins  MomsThoughts What abt the actual welfare queens... Exxon, Walmart, Apple, GE, etc.
Is it a rule that you have to be a meth head to work at a Walmart subway
 7.98 Sampler Chocolates, Assorted, 12 oz (340 g)
 ScanLife

 3Novices : Walmart's UP, Uttarakhand plans: Expansion depends on clarity in FDI rules International retailers arg…
walmart 
Select Walmart stores B&M  299 Nikon Black D3300 DX Digital SLR Camera with 24.2 Megapixels and 18-55mm and…… 
 walmart suck my cock
 bigpinkdragon  shirtlessjay Walmart shoppers wear sweatpants. Cool trendy guys like Jay wear joggers.
I just entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. &u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
 nwspah  tristatewx Panoramic view from south side Walmart in Paducah around 1:40 PM on March 27, 2017. Marla Dunn… 
 ratliffR5 I saw your grandma today at Walmart. 😊
 SsGoldfish  Walmart I hate it for the unemployed but the  Walmart in Dallas only employe's Hispanics n Muslims none which speak English.
The Walmart on tenn st is the definition of uncivilized
Has this happened at the cave creek walmart yet?  Lol 
hype for walmart passes tbh 
 mitchell345 bro I was hoping for a new board for my bday but nobody got me one!! let's hit up walmart later and get one
If I'm driving thru walmart parking lot and stop to let you walk across... KNEES TO CHEST LADY LET'S GO
On break from working in the soup kitchen free samples (at  Walmart Supercenter in Kissimmee, FL) 
I want   to  win a  15 Walmart Gift Card OR PayPal Cash!  missmollysays2   
 djsockpuppet Let me know if you've won that  10,000 Walmart gift card.
I can never by expensive eyelashes cause I always misplace my fucking Walmart lashes 😑
SKSKSKSKSKSKSKSLJFSJK, SAME, especially when I see guide dogs. I saw a Corgi guide dog in Walmart one time and I WA… 
The way Indians shop, is going to change further ! 
star wars black series 3.75 imperial death trooper walmart exclusive  starwars
star wars black series 3.75 lando calrissian walmart exclusive  starwars
I swear you used to be able to buy champion gear at walmart back in the day for cheap. Now it cost  75 for a hoodie
Move fast! Save  50 on this  XboxOneS bundle from Walmart for a limited time. 
Monday Chat – Yarn Rope Tutorial, Walmart Tag Along, ASMR plus Plans for… 
star wars black series 3.75 darth vader Walmart exclusive  starwars
💕💕💕💕💕😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍❤
 helenahblogger  walmart… 
Wal-Mart, Home Depot and Walgreens Garner Top Spots in Ad Effectiveness via  wwd - And see… 
star wars black series 3.75 chewbacaa walmart exclusive  starwars
GM, Walmart, Pepsico, FX Join Wave Suspending Google Ads 
All you raiders fans better cop your gear at Walmart while y'all can 😂😂😩😩😂😉😉🤐🤡🤡🤐🤐🚮🚮
 Pinback  Bobble  Funko Pop! Heroes 2 Pack ~  Batman vs Superman GITD ~ Walmart Exclusive ~ NIB  Store  Mall
 _TaeMac__  shorty I'm juiced up twin pack from Walmart for  4 
I thought Walmart greeters we're supposed to be nice. You can lose your rbf Susan
Mom win-not having to take your kids into walmart to get groceries!! boom-shakalaka😂😂😂
 momlife… 
 DTexasgal  Walmart They are already getting killed by Amazon so CA decided to lay more pressure on and more end up unemployed. That sucks
[walmart] Jogo Recore - Xbox One por R  64,90 
 kmaclr now that I think about it, they definitely do, and so does walmart. I should’ve tried there, ended up going with StretchAndStaple
Lodge 10" Pre-Seasoned Cast-Iron Skillet for  13.66 + pickup at Walmart

WALMART SELLS SPIKED MOUNTAIN DEW?!?! FOR  1.50?!?!?? ... oh, it's spiked with cactus juice.... 
[Walmart] Philips 20" LED Monitor  85 
. Walmart to begin online grocery shopping, pick up service in  CityofWFTX  timesrecordnews… 
 MinModulation the building and supplies are still pretty useful, but you're right Walmart workers strike wouldn't hit them where it hurts
Does getting rammed in Walmart with a motorized wheelchair get covered by insurance? Asking for a friend 🤔
Recommended by the Walmart paint guy 🙌🏽 The Warded Man  NeedsToBeAMovie 😩  LovedIt 
ONLINE GROCERY SHOPPING!  With the Langfors Today at 4  TheNowTampaBay 

Which is better?
  Shipt  amazonprimenow… 
What it means to be stupid shy:
Classmate: Where do you live?
Me: Ahhmmm...where do I live? ahhhmmm...ahmmmm...Walmart?
Ugh I need to go to Walmart
like I know I have a paper and homework due tomorrow and wednesday and instead I just went to Walmart and grocery shopped 😭
good pooping morning i watching porn at walmart and i step in dog shit i love pyrocynical he is my daddy
Millions of pounds of chicken recalled after "extraneous materials" like metal found inside 
• you are the walmart version of clifton
O-Cedar Microfiber EasyWring Spin Mop & Bucket System, 3 pc for  33.88.  
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Draggle – Blue/Purple Egg is in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals March 27, 2017 3:05 pm 
Win A  25 Walmart   Gift Card In The March Into Spring Giveaway Hop! Ends 3/31   
 northswainsglow you look at his concept art and then look at what we got and it's like...chanel vs walmart
Which big-box retailers lead with personalization? Amazon, Nike, Walmart, Target, Macy's, Kohls measured. 
 autumn_skye8 walmart
One  8 thing I want from Walmart and it won't ship to the uk 🤔
Huffy Disney Frozen Olaf Inline Scooter for  10 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
 GondolaUprising what are walmart workers supposed to seize?
 maggerson2014 Walmart online has outside sellers like Amazon
Are your  leadership decisions future-facing? Why a mindset of transformation vs. change matters: 
Finally know what I want for my birthday. Literally all N Y X makeup and brushes so target and Walmart gift cards
WALMART INTERCOM PRANK! 

More and more startups are benefiting from the incubator lab  built by Walmart. 
There is nothing attractive about Walmart
This nigga took to me IHOP and Walmart 😂 I was good. It was the time spent that made me happy.. ❤
In Q4 earnings,  Walmart promises continued effort 'to become more of a digital enterprise.' 
 flashbaker2 and why is he on pornhub walking through Walmart with his hand in his pocket chilling wit his homies ? 🤔...
- Daily savings center - Your hottest offers of today at Walmart
 DaveinTexas  mooshakins Available at Walmart, last time I looked.
 astrology  _daniella_m  me at Walmart
News: From deep discount to deluxe -  WalMart opens a new and improved store format via  RetailDive 
 KSinkovitz Try King Soopers or Walmart if you are in CO. Maybe give them a call before making a special trip just to confirm!
Make a great pizza tonight with our organic dough, available now at your local  Walmart ! 
 HireHeroesUSA is funded, in part, by  WalmartGiving. Learn more of  Walmart's work with  veterans:… 
Aside from Walmart and Costco, where is the best place to buy reasonably priced prescription glasses in Sudbury?... 
Walmart Leads  40B Personal Care Market!


I'm in such a good mood I might go to Walmart today. What. Is. Life.
When you leave Walmart with your friend then have to sit next to them at th light just staring at each other. 😂
I hope every  Walmart closes their doors we need a different retail chain instead of Wally World their tanked for t… 
Two things always happen when I go to Walmart alone:  1.) I'm buying shit I didn't come for and 2.) Some man forever try his luck 😂
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist WALMART SHENANIGANS SPEAKER PRANK! (COPS CAME)
 Walmart to launch Store 8, a silicon valley based incubator focusing on  ecommerce and  digital trends 
Walmart gone kill me🤦🏽‍♂️
Here’s how Walmart plans to use in-store drones to move merchandise 
Big Baller Brand would be perfect for WalMart
Off to Walmart to buy new headphones and food...
When your so tired you pull into Walmart parking lot and have no idea why  lolatmylife
 leigh__86  cmclagan8 ...get AFCW up and running, but would've been a pittance compared to Winkelman and his Walmart consortium.
 iamkranny Walmart. North Walmart in particular
 Walmart When your CEO board starts caring about the genocide of Christians instead of corporate greed with immigration, let us know. TY
 AricBukiri but i might just go to walmart today and grab like a cheap one
Walmart tbh 
But I had to pay a 500 dollar fine for eating a fuckin donut outta Walmart 2 yr probation for retail fraud wtf 
me: *spends all 31 dollars in walmart*
me:fuck
the next day: *gets a card in the mail from my aunt with  30 in it*
me: yes the lord loves me
Tbt to New Years when we almost got shot by a guy at walmart  _devshehan  bERardICelli_  Tommy_J28  W_DeMora 
Two top places people be getting the fighting in is either Waffle House, Walmart or McDonalds and shit always be on video 😂😂
Guess we all gone be going to Walmart Ma done through jai project away 😂
After Walmart I will
Yay Cheryl!  cherylaction  dallasmavs  Walmart  minniespantry 
Here’s how Walmart plans to use in-store drones to move merchandise Check it out here :  News  computers  tech  fr…
 _loisxxlane they should. If not target, publix, etc I hate walmart, I don't shop there lmao
 ThePerezHilton  PerezHilton is there a secret sister who has a proper job and shuns the fame.  ksharonkardashian works at Walmart
Walmart Supercenter 
I'm at Walmart Distribution Center in Douglas, GA 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Henderson, TX 
 elsagrabthesalt Walmart also has one, got it for my daughter, easy easy patterns for all ages.
What to do with your packaging from shopping online-  Walmart  ipsyCare  WishShopping  THRIVEmkt  Sephora  birchbox… 
idk how or why I always end up at Walmart but here I am 😅
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: Enter daily, share daily and win!
 WalmartCanada never again will I order online from Walmart. Complete garbage , customer service.
I gotta stay outta Walmart 😩
 luvnmypretty  Walmart I think this is what ur looking for We also have a Samsung UN32J4000… 
 JCMUTYT Walmart? Lol
 2aguacates is that a bad thing?? :/ Try Walmart?
Chicagoland Retail Sector Center received a  10.9 million grant from the Walmart Foundation to help Workforce Development Boards.  NAWBForum
Walmart received more than  150mm in land grants & financing at the expense of US taxpayers  smallbusinessrevoluti…
Lodge 10" Pre-Seasoned Cast-Iron Skillet for  14 + pickup at Walmart - 
 JustinRaimondo  AnnCoulter WHY would companies not want to sell their products to potential buyers?
Walmart would fire their ad execs.
Keynote Address Rene Cedillos, Walmart CA, sharing their successful experience in the region!  export2ca… 
Light Bulbs and a  DirtDevil.  WalMart is the real adults store😭😂
 RizzShow  Patrico1057 Listening to the podcast... Big Red is the SHIT. Big Blue is also pretty great. WalMart and Hucks carry it
Walmart Recalls Thousands Of Frozen Pizzas - America Now 
Walmart's UP, Uttarakhand plans: Expansion depends on clarity in FDI rules 
New Delhi, Mar 27 (PTI): For multi-national retailers such a...
Lost my debit card today and someone tried using it at Walmart and shell. That shit was declined AF. Thank you  Chase
Omg. Y'all. 😭❤😍♪ matchboxtwenty and  countingcrows are coming to the  walmart_amp!!!! If anyone… 
I feel like the people that shop at Walmart are on another level of headass like target and heb get all the educated folk w degrees
So my  Walmart is just gonna replace the  PeanutButter M&Ms with some crazy ass  StrawberryNut M&Ms?? Who decided that nonsense??
 scottfrankel13  minakimes A Walmart brings in more in jobs and tax revenue than a sports stadium.
If businesses are stopping people from using their services based on their dress- what will happen to  Walmart?? 
walmart ? 
Loading  
Broooo I just gave my ex mama a ride home from Walmart. 💀
Walmart - Asuna 4100 Commercial Indoor Cycling Bike  357.36 
my grandpa got mad at someone in the Walmart parking  lot for hitting his car so he flattened his tires when the guy walked away🙃
 Lithmoan walmart arts & crafts?
Walmart received more than  150mm in land grants & financing at the expense of US taxpayers  smallbusinessrevolution
Huffy Disney Frozen Olaf Inline Scooter for  10 + pickup at Walmart - CNET - 
* kimorablac wears a wig, tits, and an oversized Walmart shirt*
Me: YAAAS BITCH SLAAAAYYY WHEN WILL YOUR FAV??? ICONIC! SERVING LOOOKS! STUN
Really need to go to Walmart.
I'm currently at Walmart focusing on a futile pursuit for socks with pizza 🍕 on them. Send help.
Such a beautiful day! 🌸🌺💐   Walmart Richland - Duportail St 
 TayaJean_E SO. A few weeks ago I was in Walmart with my kid, just trying to get some damn juice. Because I didn't want to be an adult that
Me: are we going to Walmart now? 
April: mmmm...
*high af*
April: McDonald's
 lizz3thh
Man tells bystanders to watch, lights himself on fire outside Walmart, police say 
Hey  Walmart how do you sell something to me for an advertised price then refuse to honor your sale & cancel my order before pickup?  ALERT
AWESOME FREEBIE!! Score  rimmellondonuk  EyeShadow singles at  Walmart 😍🎉  makeup 
Jumping in the Ball Pit at Walmart! (HOW TO GET BoeingNNED FROM WALMART) 
When you get premium shipping at Walmart 
 munggyu it's Korean Walmart
I'm   Walmart and I felt somebody behind me for a good ass minute .. thinking they lookin for what I'm lookin for..
Yaarlo: Get a  5 sign-up bonus, plus 10% off a Walmart gift card!  Freebies 
Found over  363.47 in potential profit from Walmart/Household Essentials to sell on Amazon!  OA
I am outraged that everyone at this Walmart is dressed normal. I came for the entertainment.
Honestly when I find out an old classmate moved off all I think is "that's one less person I have to talk to in Walmart when I visit Forney"
Walmart moved out of Oakland. You think they could keep the  raiders ?
THE NEXT DATE I GO ON IS GOING TO BE AT WALMART....LETS GO GROCERY SHOPPING N SHIT, I GOT HALF ON YO BILL.
Why I continue to keep going to Walmart is beyond me
Whats with  steam_games selling  Fallout4 for  59 while  Walmart sells it for  24? Same exact game, no  DLC's.  SomethingFishyHere
No longer doing business with  Shell  Walmart or  HyattTweets You brought it on yourselves funding  sanctuarycities .Safety IS the issue..
Stuck in traffic in a Walmart parking lot
 munggyu EVE PINK II
And there's hmart it's Korean Walmart
 DavidMRolf  Check out the Walmart store closings in California, Einstein  '
Theres a tornado. I'm stuck in the back of Walmart. If I die, at least I die cute and with my Kate Spade😫
Huffy Disney Frozen Olaf Inline Scooter for  10 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET 
 promixgardening Thanks for the info! I checked two Lowe's here and no luck. I'll head to Walmart tonight. Thank you!!! 😃
Kaleb carried me through the parking lot of Walmart yesterday because it was raining and I was wearing slippers
 jaydashea Walmart
 ryanwsawyer24 I bought the same Allen n ginter pack from my Walmart a couple days ago pulled a Gary Sanchez rookie n a kole Calhoun jersey!
Target & Walmart know the future depends on finding an online/offline balance to stay relevant  retail   kavitakumar 
 2ndVote  OJJPAC  Walmart as usual has no " other" on contact us..I'm done with them.. sanctuarycities are a SAFETY issue .No more  Walmart
If I can buy red lobster biscuits from Walmart. I should be able to buy Chik fil a sauce from there too
 Dee_T_Knight So glad to hear that you love this new service! Thanks for shopping with us. -Shann
 jerrybutera_23  gomezarchives  lughbuchanan  featuriana  mattieu89 Not even 2.0 Walmart miley cyrus
Heading out to Benificial Bank to straighten out to fix my checking and savings account. Then a Walmart and Wawa fix
I'm at Walmart Tire Shop in New Boston, TX 
Get it for the low    Walmart  QueenHelene  CocoaButter  👌🏾💪🏾 
 RichOnOWN  dallasmavs  Walmart  minniespantry thank you Rich!!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in New Boston, TX 
 younngmyaxo Walmart has them or the dollar store girl they on point!
Seriously done with Walmart. 🖕
 jakequery Walmart
Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box Blastoise or Charizard  31.95  Walmart  Blastoise 
I ust entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
 JesseKellyDC I'm about to change your life. It's only sold at Walmart now (I know, I know). I can eat a box in one… 
having made the switch from Amazon to Walmart for my e-shopping needs, I must say this is quite interesting to read
Walmart: 10' x 30' Quick Set Round Above Ground Swimming Pool with Filter Pump System  48 Shipped 
Walmart is cheaper 
Walmart: Intex Inflatable Red River Run I Tube Float Lounge  12.88 
 ThatkidXti I tweeted my whole story a few weeks ago about a racist cashier in Walmart
 Bravesoul777 Please DM us with your contact info so we can further assist you. -Shann
I jus entered 2  WIN a  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
HUGE Quorn Moneymaker at Walmart 
 Harlan You can go to WalMart and buy a 1 quart Thermos for about  16 Also Amazon 
Amazon and Walmart are renowned worldwide for their distribution and delivery services. We do a pretty good job... 
The knock off light sabers at Walmart are called space swords and I almost just bought three
 ChocolatChutney  OtterBox proglass shield from Walmart is  10 and lit af. Dropped my phone countless times, never cracked
I love Walmart and by Walmart I mean their  3 bottles of wine
I was at Walmart with NO money on me and they had the fucking Fifty Shades Darker soundtrack. 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Henderson, NV 
I just entered 2  WIN  100 Walmart GC,Hasbro Game & Duracell Batteries. & u can too!  Giveaway  MarchBreakMeltdowns 
So ... I'm   a point in my life where I'm ready to fall   Walmart & not get back up
 JessicaAkiki  u look like a really crusty penny youd find on the ground at walmart
 Luis_angel_R Please share your feedback with our team here: -Shann
U.S. Supreme Court won't reinstate  5.7 Billion credit-card settlement. Walmart, Best Buy, Target opposed SC action. 
 Walmart expects to open a  distribution center in  Mobile County,  Alabama bringing over 550 new  jobs. 
FREE Yummy Deliciousness Nutella at Walmart! Going on now – 4/9/17  walmartdeals,… 
Brian Hardy this is the pool I want 
Employee at Walmart tried to get me to buy Horizon. We wound up talkung about Persona 5 instead
Neighborhood Walmart in Denham has the cutest old people 🤗
At  Walmart and saw this.. Thought of you!  RosannaPansino  cookie  rosannapansino  walmart 
 Walmart how come you never have managers in the stores to approve a price match? I feel like I'm getting bamboozled by lazy workers
Watch tonight as  cherylaction receives the Community  PlaymakersAward on court  dallasmavs game! Thanks   Walmart!… 
FREE Nabisco Teddy Grahams Go-Paks at Walmart! via Everyone Loves Couponing - Head to Walmart and ... 
Order your copy today   
Walmart – Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset With Car Wash Only  58.60 Shipped! (Reg.  99.99) ... 
 hornets  Walmart   Yes. The lady that cleans trash off the sides of HWY 16 through Denver. She is out there almost everyday.
What!? I didn't even know Walmart had a wireless service! --> via  clarissa_xplain  walmart  wireless  samsung
y'all I'm at walmart
Blessed beyond measure! This is what I came into this morning.   Walmart MLK Layout Center 
Today we held a grand opening ceremony for Kitex Garments, makers of infant clothing and supplier to Walmart,... 
 J_katt_ in the walmart one, they have a sign that says "leave carts outside"... Some fuccboys take them inside and leave them there smh
i remember bruhh was at walmart look at emm nii salute 👏🏾✍🏾 
I'm at  Walmart in Simi Valley, CA 
i needa go to walmart but ion feel like it 😭
2 Hanes Men's ComfortBlend Fleece Hoodies for  18 + pickup at Walmart - 
 makayla_james  sonicdrivein  verizon  AOL_Inc  GreatHarvest  DennysDiner  Nike  LLBean  CocaCola  Zappos  Walmart we did the same thing 😭
 PortlandHeatAC  ChrisBelyk  lfburch  Plug  ChristineWalton  Walmart  Amazon  BridgeFoundation… 
How to Max Your Cash and Up Family Movie Night with Walmart Family Mobile! 
 melissaMcCarthy:seanspicer thought  atfirst photo had a shower rodto hang a towel. Got the decal for next to mirror 
I wish you had these  Naughty_Miss_R
Walmart   5:15 on Thursday 
 deplorabletrash So sorry for your wait! Have you spoken with a member of the management team about this? -Shann
If there can be said to be any bright side to being in a Walmart, it's that at least the bathroom stalls are roomy.
GETTING KICKED OUT OF WALMART! (HOW TO GET BoeingNNED FROM WALMART) BoeingLL PIT... I'm watching in z bath  ImJayStation 😂!! 
Hatchimals – Hatching Egg – Penguala – Pink/Teal Egg is in stock at WalMart!  Hatchimals March 27, 2017 2:35 pm 
Walmart Acquires ModCloth While Chasing a Fashion Come Up  fashionweek  voguemagazine 
Went to Walmart after GNC & COMPLETELY Forgot What I Needed Smh Pull in Front of My House & Violá I Need Detergent! Hey I washed Yesterday.
200 streams of data, 40 petabytes of transactional data, can be modelled, manipulated and visualized at  WalmartLabs 
 Nikey_Simmons 😭😭😭 all I hear is those biscuits are good but Walmart sells the same mix they use at Red Lobster so...🐸☕️
TB to my freshman year when we had to run away from cops at a party and lost 1 of our friends and went to Walmart t… 
Found over  1,873.29 in potential profit from Walmart/Home Improvement to sell on Amazon!  OA
4-star analyst Wayne Hood from BMO Capital reiterated a Sell on  Walmart.  
Learn the exact trading strategy that has allowed many people to trade for a living.  KO  XOM  Walmart  TRIL
 Walmart Wal Mart Stores : Pooki's Mahi  Rewards Loyalty In Customer For Life Program. Read more:  Walmart
 AMZN  Walmart:

Inc. Puts Its Cashier-Less Grocery Concept on Hold:


The  largest companies on  earth  inspire us -  wmt  xom  cvx  brk-a  aapl  mo  tna  cat  FridayFeeling
Wal-Mart Reorganizes Tech Group to Strengthen Mobile  wmt 
 Walmart:US Today's Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ  WAL-MART STORES INC   SP500
 Walmart Wal-Mart focuses on U.S. e-commerce growth as Amazon expands globally. Read more:  Walmart
 SBUX should buy  SHLD and turn it into a Gander Mountain store/theme park that also does tattoos and piercing. Cap… 
Amazon,  Walmart, Target falling short on personalization. Read more:  Walmart
100 Baggers: Stocks That Return 100-to-1 and How To Find Them:  Apple  MCD  Walmart  TSLA  MSFT  KO  HD  AMZN  IBM  GE
2017 Dividend Aristocrats List -  DOV  EMR  GPC  P&G  MMM  JNJ  KO  PEP  Walmart  MCD  T  LOW… 
 Walmart  JPM:

Agrochemical Mega-Deals Could Reshape Industry, BI’s Miner Says:


 Walmart pulling ads from  Youtube, but seriously, I challenge any algorithm to know that "Debbie Does Discounts" video was inapporpriate
Wal-Mart is beating the pants off Amazon in apparel, and it’s fighting to keep it that way, says  tgarcianyc  Walmart… 
A Beginner's Guide to Day Trading Online by Toni Turner:  Apple  SPY  UWTI  DWTI  IBM  Walmart
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts  acn
Ask yourself WHY  Walmart and  KR use  Plug in refrigerated ?? 
We need to  ChangeTheWorld  together. Be  kind to  employees, be the  best  leader  wmt  CES2018  AI
Walmart Proves Middle Class Is Getting Wealthier via  forbes  retail  Walmart 
Whole Foods is losing shoppers though the one on 14th Street was impossibly crowded last time I was there:  Walmart
 Walmart, if you to want disrupt  AMZN’s online dominance, purchase eBay & make it the focal pt of Sam’s Club “bricks & clicks” strategy.
Amazon Go Launch Delayed  AMZN  Walmart  retailstocks  technology  amazongo  investopedia
 Walmart the largest employer in so many states nice only healthcare the  other choice in most of the 50 states then a few universities
E-Commerce: Not As Big As You Think  AMZN  BoeingBoeing  FMX  JD  MELI  Walmart
Retail trade would be a better play now  wmt  tgt  mat  has  jcp  kss  m etc  SJosephBurns  StockCats  RampCapitalLLC  traderstewie
Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
 Walmart  HypermarketsAndSuperCenters sector comp is now available 
Public Sector Pension Investment Board Has  23,021,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Roundview Capital LLC Raises Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
 KO  Walmart  MCD the green Dow club. Almost sensing a theme.  INDU
Wal-Mart  Walmart market alert: 5-week low   69.37 
Here's Every Major Corporation That's Pulled Ads From YouTube  GOOG  Google  DISH  GM  VZ  JNJ  PEP  KO  SBUX  Walmart  T
 Walmart to Open 50 New Stores in India. Read more:  Walmart
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research 
Wal-Mart tries selling to hipsters.  SarahNassauer tells  StrongReporter  Walmart is turning to niche sites.  retail
 AMZN  Walmart:

Amazon Delays Convenience Store Opening to Work Out Kinks:


 Walmart How To Create A Retail Company With A Great Future 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stake Decreased by Asset Management Group Inc. 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart is Arbor Wealth Management LLC’s 7th Largest Position 
Varied  Walmart order placed yest AM already shipped with incredibly-clear/detailed email review/track

Beyond  AMZN can't B good for  TGT

 XRT
 Walmart given access to new groups of shoppers through acquisitions: WSJ 
 Walmart Today's Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ 
 Walmart To Open New Stores In UP And Uttarakhand - Looks To Create Over 40,000 Jobs. Read more:  Walmart
 Walmart to open 50 new stores in India; focuses on Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Read more:  Walmart
 Walmart  JPM:

Caught Between JPMorgan and Wal-Mart, Congress Avoids Fee Rule:


Yorkton  Walmart evacuated after threat. Read more:  Walmart
 Walmart Exclusive Carnage Dorbz Coming Soon. Read more:  Walmart
 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:-1.60% Weekly:-2.26% YTD:-5.01% Trend:0 / 100  
 Walmart to open half of 50 new stores in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand. Read more:  Walmart
Do you know that  Book Value for  Walmart is  25.38 
The 10 Rules of Sam Walton: Success Secrets for Remarkable Results:  Walmart  walmart  business  entrepreneurship
3 Top Retail Stocks to Buy in 2017  themotleyfool  stocks  Walmart,  BBY,  HD 
 Walmart to open half of 50 new stores in UP, U'khand. Read more:  Walmart
 hackcelerity probably doesn't hurt to have partnership with  Walmart and  JD
[Free Trial] Jason Bond picks will make you a better trader..try his alerts FREE now!!!  Walmart  FB  FDX
Short Stock Picks for March 27 2017


 AA  AAL  ACN  AXP  COP  CRM  GME  MET  MPC  NBR  SLB  STLD  VLO  Walmart
Walmart said in its application that drones would relieve pressure on overwhelmed store staff  Walmart
 BRK.B  HSY  Walmart  MSFT  DIS:

Citigroup And Unfortunate Predictions:


