 tylerohlew  309steve  EvilMario  HaroldLi  gamerparent So who got P2 Bayo? EB, BB, Walmart or nobody?
 claireluv3 Agreed. Actually I can get a yeti knock off at Walmart too. My "stumblers" ARE pretty tired!!
Bless Walmart and their  9 Prima Deli deal.
 thomastcarr 😂😂are they in Walmart ??
needless to say we are no longer friends, i threw our friendship bracelet into a trash can at walmart bc thats exactly where it belongs
So the book is on sale at Walmart, I think I will get it. Whoop whoop 
Y in a Walmart doe 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
nate always gets asked if he works at walmart when we're here😂😂😂
I guess I'll start working at Walmart 🤷🏾‍♀️
Offices LyndonFPS merchandise on the clearance rack at Walmart  LyndonFPS 
 starsemblem omg i was just at walmart a couple hours ago looking for shorts and i saw those
The kind of people you encounter   kennett MO Walmart 🙄
Keep your dog happy & healthy with Nature's Recipe Dog Food from Walmart!  AD 
Not wearing a bra in Walmart but it's Walmart so comes with the territory
Big opportunity in National Accounts with Brown-Forman calling on Walmart!  Check it out on our site…
SOMEONE SHOW BEAR THIS I GOT K I C K W D OUT IF WALMART TO PROMO  iamblackbear 
Beloved Walmart greeter, 88, fired after turkey wanders into store via  crimeonlinenews
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Forest Park, IL 
im listening to these walmart employees convo and theyre so funny
I'm going to Walmart AND target tomorrow aheh
Really? "Buy American ", eh? How does that work with Walmart and Ivanka's line of apparel? Thought so . So? There is that ! 😑
I think this shit hole has less employees than Walmart. 
Women who forget to take their birth control pills don't shop at Walmart enough.
"Is there only one Walmart in alpena?"- SmellieGurl
 DorfmanJeffrey  scottlincicome  cabaum Cherry picking to find an under capitalized industry then draw a broad conc… 
 radcat christian i kno i seem like a butthead rn but can u show bear my promo i got kicked out of walmart a few da… 
Can you recommend anyone for this  job? National Account Manager - Walmart -  Sales… 
At 2016, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon outlined a roadmap for the company’s role in society and the planet over the next several years, announc…
Just went to a bathroom in Walmart and they are blasting Rick Astley lmao
 MyStraightTalk  Walmart Tired to spending every night on the line with reps!!!!  frustrating
 Walmart Hey  Walmart, how many more times are you going to restock this cause I'd like a replacement for the one I… 
Elders lunch tomorrow, and it is pork chop day and didyourmawin afterwards....it has been a while since I won a walmart card for my cats
I don't want to hear about you going to Walmart and stealing fireball and malibu. That doesn't make me attracted to you so don't bring it up
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
More lit than the makeup isle at Walmart
Man  danbycandance is out here making me weepy in a god damn Walmart parking lot.
 MyStraightTalk Hello  MyStraightTalk , my new sim card does not work again! Paid  65 dollars  Walmart and have iss… 
So I have a crush on this guy who is works at Walmart...so I keep buying random things so I can see him 
Lowes Royal Pacific  12.50 or £10 for a pint of Blue Moon lager,  10 for 6 bottles in Walmart lol someone's taking… 
*awkwardly shuffles through toy section as kids stare at me weirdly at walmart to see if Canada has imported miraculous ladybug merch yet*
 jackieevancho  Walmart i wish I would have known this sooner, I would have loved to have an autographed one :D
I probably wait to go to walmart tomorrow when i get off
Issue w/ with my meds. Apparently there been a mistake with my meds I got from  Walmart apparently they gave me someone else meds instead
seriously so mad mike put these STUPID fish from Walmart in our tank because now my loaches are suffering
 GlRLFUCK amelia please help me at the self checkot at walmart
Mid stream mic suddenly stops working lol its ok guys,making a run to Walmart Beam Beam_Share  Teacloc  _RhythmFreq… 
I need to go to premium and get taelyn shoes. Big ass feet grow ever week I'm finna start buying Walmart shoes
 Lifeisswell_ So good. 1.99 a lb at Walmart, too
Vibrating Panties Prank On Girlfriend!PART 2 INSIDE WALMART! via  YouTube
Amazon’s hydrogen-powered forklifts are its latest attempt to beat Walmart in the e-commerce war  ecommerce  socia…
 cjf731 Walmart is nowhere near wonderful
 ShepNewsTeam  POTUS Shep you are FOS.Mentioning Walmart prices would rise on buy Am hire Am. This company got rich on MADE IN USA slogan
Trying to find Kamey in Forever 21 while I'm drunk feels a lot like when I was 8 & lost my mom in Walmart I'm trippin'
I'm still waiting for Ivanka Trump perfume I ordered from satin blush thru Walmart. Was sabatoged in the warehouse!… 
NEW on Ibotta for Tuesday 

Go Here -->>   
NEW on Ibotta for Tuesday -  coupons  free  htsff  coupon 
 areck0001 is hosting an  aaronreckgiveaway featuring Walmart egift cards! 
I honestly love seeing older couples at Walmart at night just super happy, while buying bird seed.
i'm time don't   me walmart
 toddschnitt Swiss chocolate walmart cheap too real good 
 TheSilverFoxe to walmart
 SaintlyCitySue DC, District of Columbia wrote legislation to increase taxes on Big Box stores, Walmart was only 1… 
Walmart > Target
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter Liquor Store with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Just had a good hula hoop workout in Walmart
I'm at Walmart in Campo Grande, MS 
Campbell Hausfeld 12V Inflator with Flashlight, 2- Pack -  24.98: Walmart offers Campbell Hausfeld 12V Inflator… 
SRS NNLG New Prices: 2 Texas Strip Centers | 8+ Cap | Adjacent Walmart Supercent
National -  CRE… 
WIG FLEW THE WALMART JACOB WHITESIDE IS SHAKING 
once there was a dog who fuck girls in my house and i being silly at walmart love u all friends
At Walmart 😩😂 
That Walmart savings catcher app is legit
 kristianlaliber  ossoff Democrats expressing themselves makes me want to puke. Have u seen Yor peeps in their pj's… 
Bad move  Bonobos  bonobosninjas. Just the possibility of  walmart takeover means I won’t be ordering again. You just lost a customer.
This Walmart is so odd
 bryanfox10 Finally found a Walmart in Brownsville. Was getting tired of tacos!
 AMP_SV This is honestly the first I've heard of it. 
A generous interpretation is Walmart Labs is far off anyone's radar.
I love Walmart so much cuz you can hide in the mens clothes racks and grab handfuls of throbbing cock all day!
Not she called me broke and dirty 😂😩✋🏽 it look like she get all her shit from Walmart
I Was Tryna be Aquamarine This Summer, but I Guess Walmart Don't Like Loud Hair Colors 😒 But I Do Overnights so I... 
 BeingSingleMeans making your own fun in Walmart without being Partner  Shamed 
I think the guy at Walmart wanted to cry for me
shoves marten pics into my pants like I'm stealing a thanksgiving turkey from walmart
Bought some Cajun crab dip from Walmart yesterday (I was in there hungry, big mistake). This shit is great.
Idk why we come to Walmart so damn much.
 rommelraymon  DerekPells WalMart is the top employer in like 29 states.
Hydrogen Fuel Cell Pilot Project when YOU realize  PLUG has USPS, Mars Candy, Amazon, China, and Walmart!!  
At Walmart, we will work with our suppliers to reduce emissions by 1 Gigaton by 2030 - equivalent or might even be bigger than Germany's an…
I've heard,  LouDobbs that "  H1B " is the same as saying "Indian." Which explains all the Indians I see at Walmart and my new neighbor...
 funkopops  ebay Funko Pop! Rey With Speeder Star Wars Galactic Convention Walmart Exclusive  174… 
BREAKING: A car chase started & ended after Centerville PD received a call about someone forging checks at a Walmar… 
At Sudbury Walmart. Scouting for next Dartguy. 1 in 4 dudes are good candidates.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hartford, WI 
New Walmart stores, new hotels among investments planned in Oaxaca 
I don't think my mom understands that I go to school for at least 5 hours. I'm not tryna spend 5 more at Walmart
That smell when u walk into walmart😁
 KlSSFROMAROSE Everybody goes to Walmart ?
I missed last month's announcement . . . just found out  Modcloth sold out to Walmart. 
 AlyssaWahrman One time  dede_hay and I went to Walmart and bought a rated R movie and they only ID'd me :) they thought I wasn't 17 :)
why go to long ass lines boofy walmart when you can go to luxurious less crazy people target
 Walmart commercial about hunger with Joe Cockers help from my friends song while still paying starvation wages & destroying local business
 DANAGOTJUiCE BOYCOTTTT walmart
Look at what I found in  Walmart font matters, people!!! 
CALIFORNIA DEMOCRATS FORCE WALMART To PAY  15/HOUR – INSTANTLY, THIS HAPPENS … TOLD YA SO! 
 Carnibeerivore  LiveLifeLuvWell  bdgrabinski  realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov… 
 cartoonnetwork  Walmart  Todd_McFarlane why does pearl look like homer simpson
 STORYTIME: Yesterday I went to Walmart w/ my bffs & I found this broken toy fish & I started playing w/ it. Squeezing the stuff out of it
 Hamstertweet93 "We have met the enemy and he is us." -- Pogo  As much as I dislike Walmart in different ways, I st… 
 Walmart rollback pricing failed  rollback  walmart  pricefailed  smh 
You work all week, cash your check on Friday at Walmart, and flash your money in front of these thots to make them think you got something.
darya: your brother looks like you
gizem: selin is the ugly walmart version
Thank you  molinahealth for randomly sending me a  25 walmart gift card!!
Seriously nobody wanna take my shifts? I need a Walmart tech or Sam's
In Walmart doe 🤣🤣🤣 
Reason why I never go to Walmart. I don't need any of this.  retailtherapy 
so this is what kelly's girl group has been up to? doing shows in walmart? 
2x4 Basics Firewood Rack System for  8 + pickup at Walmart - 
 DrunkBrianF 🎵 Walmart wares cruisin' into port / most of their customers got a big ugly wart 🎵 Sing it Johnny Buffet!
 JacobLanderos Fights within half a mile of a Walmart are to the death
 Whataburger why is commerce location downtown the walmart of your locations? One person ALWAYS working the register. Get it together guys
I met my new pharmacist today. He goes by the name T-Money and he runs his business behind the dumpsters at Walmart
 niceguy
bout to work at walmart
Walmart on Tax Day: How Taxpayers Subsidize America’s Biggest Employer and Richest Family 
THE ASSISSTANCE IS THERE SO WALMART HAS FIGURED OUT A WAY TO HAVE THE REST OF US PAY THEIR WORKERS.  PRETTY CLEVER!… 
 KlSSFROMAROSE ( where can i get it? Walmart? )
 morewless  BarillaUS  Walmart Looks yummy and delicious
Come out of walmart and there's a fucking cart dinged up against my car😊
 BravoALaVida You're very welcome! Thanks for sharing that with us. -Trav
 mrsgalaxia Walmart
 Ryan_Lever  YouTube  DiMarzio You wouldn't know dimarzio from Walmart. Your shit is cheap and knockoffs. Yes Ryan they make clone pickups
Crayola 83-Piece Easel Accessory Set for  5 + pickup at Walmart 
 SweeTARTSCandy I went to the dollar store and couldn't find them! I guess I will have to go to Walmart like I alwa… 
Give your furry friend the best with Nature's Recipe Dog Food at Walmart!  AD 
Walmart has THE WORST customer service.
Walmart is set to acquire online menswear retailer Bonobos for  300M, according to... via  launchticker 
Hays's going on by Walmart
i used to think working at Walmart was coo till I started 😂 mane i HATE IT HERE 😭😪
 sale Campbell Hausfeld 12V Inflator with Flashlight, 2- Pack -  24.98: Walmart offers Campbell Hausfeld 12V… 
How to Think About Walmart (Via  TheAtlantic ) 
 walmart  retail  news  biz  changes  consumer  bigbox
My lil sister so silly we in Walmart I told her she didn't check her buggy lanes & she gone say all I know they better have buggy insurance
I could legit stand at the scent idle at Walmart for hours
Walmart sorted a Fan Boy's Mr. Game and Watch amiibo on Wave 6 day
 KahlenBarry I KNOW IVE BEEN ON THE DANG HUNT FOR IT SINCE IT CAME OUT AND IM PRESSED THAT I CANT FIND IT LMAO I'LL CHECK WALMART THO
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Buford, GA 
Hi  Walmart,  Walmart_BR and  UncleBens. Check out what I just bought. Yes, it's moldy. What do you think about sel… 
 TickleSweet  terrimore1  erin_joslyn  POTUS Tomorrow, go to Walmart
or any other store
and thanks to your keen ins… 
Eventually the united states is going to come down to 
Walmart V Amazon. Imma bet on amazon. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
What is a good hot sauce I can buy from Target or Walmart? Of course, at a cheap price (this is me after all)
only at walmart funny pics - Google Search 
 Walmart   Just returned a 2 year old cheese. I bought it 3 days ago. 
Get a  Apple  Macbook wit  freeshiping and an  awesome price   follow  save
*goes to walmart for toothpaste*
*leaves with everything but toothpaste*
i never knew what kimchi looked like until now

thanks walmart for giving me the experience
when you go at walmart and you see both cowgirls story and biggger fatter liar beside each other 
 MikePosner TELL  iamblackbear TO LET ME WIN THIS FUCKING CONTEST I GOT KICKED OUT OF WALMART FOR PROMOTING HIS BROCCOLI HEADED ASS
 bensbarlow at least there's talent found at walmart 😅
making my lists for when I go to Walmart because I always end up spending more money 🙄😒
Making me feel like a celebrity in Walmart for all the wrong reasons though!!!!
my sister asked me to take her to walmart to buy her boyfriend candy for their 1 month😭😭
 mattoak Oh god. What could you possibly have needed from a walmart?
Walmart vibe 
Yes! Teddy Brewski's Paws are up and tail is wagging for  NaturesRecipe  dog food Now Available  Walmart  ad… 
 Walmart Thank you!
 business We hope you live forever. Boners at 99 interested in children. Enabled by  CVSHealthJobs  Walmart  McDonalds Trash Cans
 KahlenBarry HONEY THE BRUSH U CONTOUR WITH, DID U GET THAT AT WALMART TOO? IVE BEEN WANTING IT FOR FOREVER AND CANT FIND IT ANYWHERE
this is my favorite cup ever thank u walmart 
Gucci vs Walmart 
 PollinateMedia  Armor_All  Walmart Thank you!
walmart lmao same 
Enter to  win a  50 Amazon or Walmart  giftcard from  NotQuiteSusie!  sweeps  giveaway 
Free Walmart Welcome Baby Box via  po_st
the meaning of beauty is the absence of Walmart to socialism🤗😍😳
I just realized camaros are a Walmart brand Mustang  shocked
 JustineBateman Off to Walmart!  :)
We stopped at Walmart for milk cuz it was on the the way home... ended up spending 90  on nonsense lol
I was wondering why tf people stared at me in walmart today, and then I realized I had dry blood on my face, from my fucken pimple🙃🙃🙃
 everybodycousin I'm thinking Omletes  .. we can go on a drunk Walmart trip and get the stuff
Saw this man carrying an assault rifle in walmart 😳😳 we need to keep these guns off the streets 
 jwoodhou Yes and all is passed to the consumer. Walmart thru a fix of possible border tax. Said prices would go up… 
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Saint Cloud, FL 
FITBIT ALTA FITNESS TRACKER gold series large  FITBIT via  eBay  amazon  facebook  bestbuy  walmart  target  groupon
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? PayPal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 4/30/2017 
 shyannajubilee There's a wonderful place called Walmart where you can buy a new one
hey guys I'm at Walmart does anyone need anything
i'm just happy oshea getting away from walmart fawk💀
Order a FREE Walmart Welcome Baby Box full of FREE goodies for your bundle of joy! 
Mr. Lube in Walmart - Dog Salon via  YouTube
"Txt me when you   Walmart" my fav txt I swear 🤑❣️
I don't know what lines be taking the longest, Walmart or the bank 🤦🏻‍♀️
Tf, my mom been in Walmart for a fuckin hour
 MrsTsPierogies Where your pizza pierorogies not at  pubilx  walmart
Why Walmart though lol 
Normantics! "Let It Go" is also available NOW at select  Walmart locations throughout the US   NormanBrown  LetItGo… 
I could never work at Walmart Customer Service 😳
Woman Lured Little Boys with Candy and 'Whatever They Want'—Till One Man Put an End to It at Walmart 
Walmart Beauty Unboxing 2017: via  YouTube
Free Walmart Welcome Baby Box 
i always have the most uncomfortable encounters at walmart.... why do i keep going there
The best ingredients for man's best friend - try Nature's Recipe Dog Food from Walmart!  AD 
 Walmart I tried to get a supervisor to help yeah that was teeth pulling in the end here i am still fighting.
 Dianaguerrerorz Walmart
DrinkWell Urban Chestnut Launches Urban Underdog in Ardagh Beverage Cans - PR Newswire…… 
I just saw Amy at Walmart I didn't even recognize her she's so pretty 😭
Before & After: Inside  Walmart's New  NeighborhoodMarket Format  retail 
 /Walmart you failed me I wanted one small thing 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
 Walmart what a horrible experience i'm having trying to get resolve for an issue. Amazon here i come. Don't online shop at walmart
Need to see to believe it.  joshuadun come to the  walmart_amp this Saturday and show us! 
 Giancarlo_Volpe  javrich  edensher  NintendoAmerica  BarackObama Walmart's online site gets them in stock randomly… 
Walmart Shopify App - Imports the orders from  Walmart, auto ack them and fulfillment is done in the single step!… 
 realDonaldTrump All of those gangbanging douche bags show up at the 8th St., Walmart in Colorado Springs on Saturd… 
myAppliances->Breakout Food Cart Kingsland Kitchen Announces Brick and Mortar Downtown -…… 
The people in Walmart today made me feel like I was a giant
Where in Toronto can you buy CDs now, since HMV is gone? The Best Buy by me doesn't. Am I being regulated to WalMart?
 Jessika_fancy  Walmart hows it going hotlanta. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. let everyone know this
The  Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays via  usatoday
Does anyone ever win money from company surveys?  att  tacobell  cvs  starbucks  papajohns  dominos  walmart
awkward things always happen to me. like, me talking in walmart about my sis trying to get ronnie calvird to date me and him hearing me 🙃
 NoetheMatt Walmart
YahooFinance: Walmart and Target could beat Amazon on drone delivery  Walmart  AMZN  TGT 
 Pamoramic2 It's only like  8 & u can get it at Walmart!!!
 PureLeaf This is really good! Will you sell these in the big jug (maybe at Walmart?) 
It's a good day when you run into your nephew at Walmart 🤗🤗
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  CricketRewards Download today!  
After 2 yrs checked in at  Walmart to C if their was an improvement on  customerservice  apparently to them not  AllLivesMatter  norespect
The Walmart greeter most definitely checked me out and did not make it discreet and I'm so uncomfortable
 picksuppennies When I was pregnant w/ first I found a few at Walmart but they no longer carry maternity/nursing in… 
 Fatt_Stacks Lmaoooo you still using that Walmart bag method?
Walmart has Yeezys for 2k lmao 
St. Joe Students: ALL EASTER CANDY AT WALMART IS 50% OFF!
Still have less FB followers than  CumGutterNoise and if I lose I'll start a fight with him in a Walmart parking lot 
 thebingbings minzy and exid currently collecting dust in the discount bin at walmart
I drove ten minutes to Walmart to not find bug netting, only to realize I was within 300 ft of an EMS 🙄
Somebody go to Walmart and bring me some taco seasoning lol
Walmart on Lancaster has some strange people.....
Wow I haven't been in the Walmart shopping alone in a while… Feels weird.
I'm about to go to Walmart go shopping For socks and White T shirts
my mom met her yierno today at walmart 💕😍
my life is ab as organized as the  5 dvd bin at walmart 💁🏻
I'm walking around Walmart too loud lmao, I only have a nugget
Well I finished playing my game, cleaned the house, and Walmart ruined my day, apparently they didn't get my script so I'm out....
It's Taco Tuesday!!!! Get some tortillas and fixings >>> <<< and have a delicious day!… 
 rnixonjr  rarmenta_  POTUS Right. You shop all American.  Ever been to Walmart??
 JackFMDFW 😳 These will be worn by the people at Walmart! 😂 You know all the people at Walmart in their finest!
 OfficialJoshA Oh Shit! Trip to Walmart it is 😂❤
WOW - for comparison, Walmart bought Jet for  3.3B

I don't know the category. What is so special about Chewy?


The perp is a former executive in Mountain View, a legit figure in Silicon Valley. …
At Walmart and decide to check out candy sales. All of the Easter candy is on sale except the Reese's eggs.  totalloss 😢
 ChiefJosheola So  a boycott of WalMart by its customer base is happening ?
This is so messed up. Another sister told me she had her hijab/niqab ripped off in  Walmart yesterday. 
always go to walmart to get tums and end up spending  30 on fish oil & probiotics
Walmart is literally the worst
 YouFoundMolly24 Well we got walmart, target, maybe an online store like eBay
walmart run 😩
New addition to the chocolate stash, thanks to Walmart and their 50% Easter candy thing 
Bruh are you serious? I've been to Best Buy's, Walmart and Targets were BOTH sides were "trashed". Fuck outta here… 
 kakushitgoto oh man, it's just wtf. You can buy storebought ramen at Walmart I... don't know why he's getting offended.
 BarackObama share this when you have time . this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. enjoy your day
My sister went to Walmart just to buy deuce water balloons and this other water thing lol  auntoftheyear
Febreze® ONE offers a spectrum of scents to please your family’s senses- Bamboo Orchid & Mandarin!
Available at Walmart & Target!  GotItFree
When you look that bad that the Walmart people try to talk to you
 SasiahHochle  KilokahnTV jcpenney+radioshack by me going out of business, walmart- pokemon powerbanks for  5. Want me to look for something
 kimberlyborough Thank you! We're glad to hear it. What do you like most about our service? -Trav
Wal-Mart buys the URL and sends web traffic to ShoeBuy    retail  Walmart
idk why but that little fat cute chick in walmart turn me on bruh lol i need to stay away from walmart fam
so i saw this homeless man w/like 6 dogs & i started crying, so i went to walmart & i bought him & his dogs food, my heart is happy now :(
Potential Bonobos Acquisition Shows This Isn’t Your Father’s Walmart  retail 
YahooFinance: Walmart and Target could beat Amazon on drone delivery  Walmart  AMZN  TGT … 
Was just beginning to shop at  Bonobos. If  Walmart buys them out I'm looking elsewhere for clothes.
i took a 65 question test to apply at walmart and it randomly stopped working bro im just tryna work at walmart!!!!!!
My Samsung Phone is Everything! (And More)  momblogger  travelblogger
 realDonaldTrump  ossoff What about the "stolen" voter records frm officials vehicle   Walmart? How convenient? Sou… 
Why is walmart always packed??
. walmart pickup is a complete joke.  Been here for 30 mins ringing bells and calling store to no avail.  Back to  amazon I go
Pretty decent view at tonight's Walmart  thegreathowardmigration  caligoldrush2017   Edgewood,… 
 thehill  CVSHealthJobs Please Kill Him! Please! The entire Bush family. Walmart  Walmart will give you caskets/insurance compensation.
Everytime I come back to Hemet and go to Walmart it's like a high school reunion
Rangers mustve gotten their sticks from Walmart.  Easily broken, holes in the blade.
Disney Frozen 6-Volt 3-Wheel Scooter  49 + Free Shipping   Walmart 
brae just dropped & cracked nail polish on the floor in Walmart.. I'm at a loss for words
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Walmart Toys
Walmart Toys: via  YouTube
I need someone to go to Walmart for me 😞
 WalmartGiving I heard a rumor that Walmart will not be non profits sit in front of their stores anymore. I hope this is not true
Walmart  FIGHTHUNGER   SPARKCHANGE Doug Shea 
 JoeneyNgBuhayMo And I'll leave Yukon Walmart with a PlayStation 3 without paying for it...
 BillGates share this , this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. when you have a moment. thanks kindly!
 walmart why you no sell throw away diaper baggies??? pooponthego  poopandrun  ToddlerLife  momlife
 puppets who goes to walmart
 TheSoterios  Greenskull Right, but there are clearly different business models. This is a false dilemma. Costco's… 
[Throwback post]  ad Support a local community Project with Walmart Huggies Snug & Dry Ultra!  UltraHug 
Came to Walmart for one thing, left with 3 other things 🙄
why they in walmart 
Casually grocery shopping at Walmart and having an inner crisis about how short life is.
Walmart gives me instant headaches I stg.
I'm at Walmart Lacordaire in Quebec 
 50 Walmart Gift Card & Low kalz 30 Low Calorie Drinks and Snacks Giveaway 
 whereyouwannabe   Walmart Supercenter Atlanta - Martin Luther King Jr Dr Nw 
I'm a Regular at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp! 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist COME TO WALMART WITH ME! {Shopping VLOG + GROCERY HAUL!}
A message for our fellow chocolate-obsessed bakers: Make. This. Cake. 
 duffgoldman… 
Someone do me a solid and go to Walmart with me
 1TurntUpBitch Bacon bits it's 1.19 if you get the great value Walmart shits
See our latest  Bentonville, AR  job and click to apply: Category Advisor, Walmart -  Hiring
I just spent  1000 in Walmart. Please excuse me while I die.
sitting out front of Walmart with a bag of dog food and I'm getting the weirdest looks from people 👀
YahooFinance: Walmart and Target could beat Amazon on drone delivery  Walmart  AMZN  TGT  BSA…
Gigi hadid the Walmart version of jennie Kim!!
I be in Walmart picking up all type of stuff 🤦🏾‍♀️
STOP TAKING HUGE SHITS IN THE WALMART BoeingTHROOMS PLEASE AND THANK YOU
The spirit just hit me right in the middle of walmart 😳🙌🏾  DontJudgeMe  PraisingMyWayToABreakthrough
i was casually walking in walmart and my hair got stuck to a hanger in the clothes section 🙄
I guess I'll get stuff to make tacos as well since I'm already going to Walmart 🤷🏽‍♀️
Should I shower before Walmart
If they don't do this at your local Walmart, I ain't shopping there 
 gnuman1979 I don't think anybody in Walmart could have come up with this.
 avmakeme  beauty related. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide.. keep feet fresh
When your friends are telling you all the different booze they need you to get from Walmart the day after you turn… 
Fights in Walmart are to the death.
Heading to Walmart to walk amongst the weirdos. 🤗 
 SantanaE_ I do have a cupcake tray if that's what you want to make, I live next to a Walmart so we can look for so… 
Walked into  Walmart. 

And left 20 seconds later after seeing the checkout lines an two lanes open. 🙄😂
If you ever think applying at Walmart is a good idea... don't do it. It will cause you to hate everyone and everything that is alive.
That look when you're shopping at Walmart with someone else's card 🤣 
I just got home & being forced to go to Walmart 😐
 beautymags and speaking of, this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide.. since you mentioned  skinfungus
Walmart and Target could beat Amazon on drone delivery  Walmart  AMZN  TGT 
 allen_pintado Kinda pissed now...there is no walmart next to my job. 😂 I should have gone to Safeway!
 annamoor1995  Walmart that is so horrible, those poor dogs
 Walmart yo bby u up?
Watch “EXPOSED: Walmart Selling Dolphin-Deadly Tuna!” on  Vimeo 
EXPOSED: Walmart Selling Dolphin-Deadly Tuna! 
I've been trying to get to Walmart for 2 weeks. Lord God give me strength
walmart had me on hold for a good 30 min fuck them
 FoxyOnYourRadio at Manteca walmart over the last week or two. Before this story ever broke, so apparently there is a problem in our town!
Let me say - this is better than what I saw today   Walmart! 
Either someone lied under oath or Walmart is on some bullshit
All the way in VA Beach and still see familiar faces. No diss to anybody that works at Walmart but no matter the... 
Need to go to Walmart first though
Smoothie version of a Peanut Butter & Banana Sandwich 💖 ad  Walmart  dailyblend
The flirty stares I be gettin for no reason I'm in a fully dressed sports outfit w braids & aviator glasses at Walmart y'all need to chill
Tendai over here weak talking bout "y'all ain't got no food in Colorado, y'all prolly don't even have a Walmart"😑
Walmart's Great Value Mango/Raspberry froyo - YUM! 😍
 PhilipMyCup300 if this Tweet gets 200 rts, I'll record myself playing the song Alabama Nigger in Walmart. :^)
 EddikaMontes Walmart does 🙄
 shad_geechi Was you & your brother at Walmart yesterday?
 williamlegate Everything you need comes from Walmart anyway. What do you care?
i seen the cutest boy ever at walmart today and now he's gone forever 
Mobil 5-Quart Motor Oil at Walmart from  13 after rebate + pickup at Walmart 
 BreitbartNews Generic birth control pills cost about  7 a month at Walmart.
Snagged the  OriginalFunko Rey on the Speeder from the horrible Walmart site. My nonstop refreshing finally paid off 😭😭🙏🏻
Cop shooting radar. Granite walmart
Today marks 2 years working with  Walmart
When You Use Walmart Nails 
 LaViolaYElSaxo THIS IS WHAT I HEAR WITH MY SPIRITUAL EAR I KNOW I SAW DOVE SOAP IN A SECURITY BOX AT WALMART SO WH… 
Idk if I should go to pets smart, Walmart or target to get bday gifts for chance
Ozark Trail Louwell Packing Cube 3-Pack for  5 + pickup at Walmart 
We use to stay goin to walmart 😂 for no reason lol 
 Bonobos Love your clothing but you're losing a customer if you sell out to  Walmart
Rosarita Beans Just  0.58 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Rosarita Beans Just  0.58 At ... 
Purina Fancy Feast Cat Treats Just  0.92 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Purina Fancy ... 
I just want to announce that we looked the definition of redneck ass white trash at the hospital today 😂😂 i couldve been a "walmart photo" 🤘
Apply now for  Walmart's Open Call for US-made products on 6/28. Pitch & meet one-on-one with buyers  MadeinUSA… 
lmao all these people telling u "look i promoted!!!1!" with like one comment...uh!!!!  iamblackbear I GOT KICKED OU… 
Strategy: Kroger has a new plan that should terrify Walmart and Target 
Welp I chose the wrong time to go to Walmart
 okaysorry Thinking about the times I drove 10 minutes to pick you up to go to Walmart and eat ice cream in the parking lot 🍦
Ozark Trail Louwell Packing Cube 3-Pack for  5 + pickup at Walmart

Who destroyed American manufacturers??  Walmart Walmart!  Shut em down Donny  realDonaldTrump 
 MeganPlays OMG YOURE RIGHT!!! I never see these at target or Walmart 😩😩
Just went to Walmart and bought toothpaste and sour gummy worms.. Great combination!
Amazon Free Sample Boxes (4 Boxes Back in Stock!) via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, ... 
I need a summer job.  Publix  Walmart  Lowes help a brother out.
Controversial Development Finds Itself Between A Rockland And A Hard Place - CBS Miami 
When you need to go to Walmart but you don't wanna go by yourself ughhh I need friends.
white feminist, culture appropriators, Racist, black people who let their non black friends use the n word, & Walmart (just don't like them)
Walmart really have EVERYTHING 😁😁 
 samiejo1996 or we can just go to walmart and make brownies at my place 🤗
 ReyFranco14 You look like Walmart Rey don't fuck around with yeezy young man
i was at walmart earlier, sat and looked at 50% off easter candy for half an hour, and my dumb ass still forgot to buy some😒😒
Vote For Your Favourite Walmart hometrends™ Find & You Could Win A Gift Card! 
So don't wanna step foot in this ratchet Walmart right now.
 le_blaine Nope I wear my walmart kicks stuuulllll
Perfect example of how unhelpful Walmart employees are:
Me: Where are the command strips?
Employee: With the other command strips.
Me: 😒
 GundersonNathan We are, in 7-11 stores and in Walmart. In Walmart the small bags are on the front end and we also… 
 KristenCL23 no lie I saw a velvet cami at walmart for 1.99 and the exact same cami at urban for like 30
 CJMcCoy19 Very much so. I read that after leaving Walmart and looking at shovels! 😂😂
tell it to Republican oligarchs.. Apple makes iPhones etc in China.. 
Walmart 70% products made in China .. 
pay Am… 
Come pick up your yearbook tomorrow for a chance to win a Sonic, Starbucks, or Walmart gift card! We are giving them all away!
yall are looking in the wrong direction. look for a humble girl and she'll love to even go to walmart with you, we'… 
I mean yes. But not unlike what Walmart does, or Amazon, or other behemoths. The problem is uncontrolled monopoly a… 
Walmart Close to Acquiring Bonobos to Boost Online Cachet for About  300 Million  SupplyChain  IoT  Logistics  Tec…
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
. HillaryClinton  peterdaou Clinton's (and Trump's and Apple and Walmart, etc.) tax havens due to Delaware loophole… 
 _victor0303_ Look like socks from Walmart
Me: I can make adult decisions! 
Me at Walmart: OH MY GOD DO I WANT HIDDEN VALLEY RANCH? KENS STEAKHOUSE? KRAFT???
I really want some cookies and ice cream. But that means I gotta drive to Walmart.
Dear Ladies,

 Vagina is not Currency! Don't believe try to use it a  Walmart. ✋🏿
In our court case we learned that the walmart I frequent has 425 employees...I went there today...3 lanes open...
 buddhabatched Isn't it though. Sold at Walmart, no less. Cheap knockoff: It's not just a fashion statement. It's a lifestyle choice.
I had to stop at Walmart bc I have the squirts n can't hold this shit in no more
Shopping at Walmart to The B-52's is the most gangster thing you can do.
y'all sleeping on  Walmart this bread is BOMB 
 BennyFrey99 Facts Walmart is better, thanks bro
Walmart Close to Acquiring Bonobos to Boost Online Cachet for About  300 Million | Supply Chain 247 
I gotta go get some more e6000 glue 🤦🏽‍♀️ Walmart it is
Help fight hunger when you shop at Walmart!!!
April 17 - May 15, 2017
How It Works...
Pay with Discover at... 
Cashier   Walmart shading me out loud about my cracked screen. Sweetie which one of us is wearing that blue vest th… 
Jesus with the Walmart candle endorsement deal. 
My post  Forbes: "Walmart's Ecommerce Strategy: Pure Genius Or Venture Capitalist Bailout Fund"?  Walmart  Jet  ModCloth
Im at walmart with my mom it feels good to be out of my house
 birdlegs311 If you actually get lice, we like Licefreee (also found at Walmart)
Progress: Walmart Announces Sweeping Animal Welfare Policy 
 Walmart How many retweets for a job?
 bonafidebrownie AmazonPrime it. Otherwise Walmart...CVS..Walgreens 👀
Walmart Locations Around the World - South Africa

Ask for better underwear for women and children.  Work together and design it.
Keep watching to see the new  StevenUniverse toys coming EXCLUSIVELY to  Walmart this August, c/o McFarlane Toys! … 
YahooFinance: Walmart's possible takeover of Bonobos is infuriating some fans of the high-end menswear brand…  BSA…
Hows it possible for todays 16yos to be so fucking ignorant? "walgreens are walmart" not a big deal, but or is the word you're looking for.
Arm & Hammer Laundry Detergent, Just  1.87 at Walmart! 
YahooFinance: Walmart's possible takeover of Bonobos is infuriating some fans of the high-end menswear brand… … 
Purina Fancy Feast Cat Treats Just  0.92 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  Cat_Food  coupon  Coupons
Wal-Mart rolls back on plans to open a second store in Manchester 
Walmart Close to Acquiring Bonobos to Boost Online Cachet for About  300 Million - Supply Chain 24/7 
Walmart Close to Acquiring Bonobos to Boost Online Cachet for About  300 Million 
 RebelTom123  tariqnasheed The answer to not getting KTFO in Walmart is keep your hands off women in a violent manner.
 Jakewim  LocalBeav What it's not in a case at the Tuscaloosa Walmart
Witnessed Walmart managers chasing after some lady stealing from them 🤷🏽‍♀️ I hate Walmart
I got the job at Walmart. Very blessed. :)
 annaramallama Hi! Pure Protein Crunch is available at Walmart, as well as online at Amazon.ca. Happy to hear you're a fan! :)
Walmart's possible takeover of Bonobos is infuriating some fans of the high-end menswear brand… 
- Walmart Sales and discounts page check out all their sales updated daily!
Dallas Woman Tries To Get Two Children To Help Her Rob A Walmart | |  Mandatory 
wait for me i'm leaving walmart
there is no way that i should have to have one degree getting paid what most salary workers get paid at walmart like i refuse
 JamesTyus  Walmart Hope you are well!
very hot and sexy girl from walmart 
A Quick and Crazy Walmart Video: via  YouTube

Grab the DVD!! 
It's such a Gorgeous Day!!! 😍😍😍   Walmart Columbus - Airport Thruway 
 _JacksonConnors Well I went to Walmart and bought s grill. Yours is shot and rusty
 Urdeadbeatgf  reqxiem I'm gonna go to Walmart and the only thing I'm gonna buy is a nerf gun and the cashier will know not to fuck with me
I just need to go to walmart
A woman broke into Drakes house to steal soda? Bby why didnt u go walmart
Still afraid to go to my walmart alone even after the Cleveland Killer is dead
Walmart candles are fuckinf cursed
No matter how busy my day is, I can always take time out to watch two cholo's fight in a Walmart parking lot! 😂😂😂
Walmart is a fucking joke.
Sephora, Walmart Top  Mobile App Download Speeds  APM 
Allllllllll the crackheads at Walmart tonight. And Per usual I choose the slowest cashier EVER
 legalshield  WaltDisneyCo  IgerBobDisney  Disney  Walmart  SteveEasterbrk  McDonalds  Viacom  cartoonnetwork… 
May be on news soon I'm climbing on top of Walmart roof with helmet cam and go pro retweet this so everyone knows!!!!
 robinthicke You're the Walmart version of Timberlake at the age of 40 yet managed to pull April. What did you promise Satan in return?
Kyle & I just had a light saber battle in Walmart hahaha
Today we went to walmart and got a sheep plush that was  2 bc easter is over
Overall? A good day
 Boogie2988 childrens expense is wrong. They can go work at Walmart for all I care, Cody is a kid that needs rescuing from these cretins.
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Mobile, AL 
Also fuck walmart for not having my foundation color and fuck walgreens for charging + 3 compared to walmart for it
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
 iamJMPL  330xiGuy  ObisKanobis  TomiLahren Are you suggesting that DMV is more effective and efficient than let's… 
I've lost my phone twice this week at home and then I lost my keys and phone at Walmart tonight 😊😊
i went to buy cigarettes and these people working and their robot called me fat and told me to die 😤😤😤😤 so done wit… 
Not A Joke: A Turkey Walks Into A Walmart, Greeter Gets Fired // not a joke?
 Walmart pharmacy is 🚮
Levis act like their jeans weren't 2 for  25 6 years ago at Walmart.
When your sister tells you yall going to Walmart for ice cream then starts the revolution 
to go to sally's and ask someone who knows a lil bit bout hair for help or wing it and go to walmart for hair bleach/dye????
 sistawriter So sorry to keep you waiting. If you didn't reach out to mgmt, pls share at so we can improve. Isa
 visualheart Oh they are indeed at Walmart. Structube has them for  39 at this point. Come here! There are so many MCM sets on Kijiji.
 JamesTyus  Walmart You live a life on intrigue and suspense, James
 btwimbrea I have a feeling when you move in there's gonna be a lot of "Let me borrow  20 I'll buy you something at Walmart" 💀💀
I've never seen so many gorgeous females at Watseka Walmart on a Tuesday as I did right now! 🙌🏼😍
 Bytowngal Retail price on 4L of 2% milk in Richmond Hill (Toronto) is 4.27 at Walmart and Loblaws. (US 3.19)

Winn… 
Need to go to Walmart...
"Hurry and get out of the shower and take me to Walmart" jean...WHO R U.
 ARandomGuy96581 Rando darling,lowering wages doesn't lower corp. profits. 🤦‍♀️Why Walmart workers are on fd stamps.  phillyrich1  LJLBeech
 averagejane34  Parker9_  POTUS  Snapon_Tools  GovWalker  BetsyDeVosED  stevenmnuchin1  SenRonJohnson Thanks to WJC… 
 FoxNews  TomPerez  POTUS Says the avid Walmart shopper  TomPerez
Nature’s Recipe Now At Walmart via  crissy.com 
DrinkWell Two Houston Bartenders Will Compete in the USBG World Class Competition - Houston… 
 cheydunnells  caleighgirl16 I used the stuff from the salon and I just barely got the stuff from Walmart and I don't like it as much
myAppliances->Spring Cleaning? Donate your Gently-Used Clothing and Small Appliances to…… 
Cap Barbell Cast Iron Kettlebells from  10 + pickup at Walmart

 Walmart, 6 pm bazillion people in here and LITERALLY 3 lanes open!
I remember you could get a Champion sweatshirt and some Levi jeans from Walmart all for  25.
 RussKamp  FoxBusiness Guess I'm a Walmart fan now!
RUNNN!!! Car seats... Rockers... Strollers...  25 each!!! -  Buynow  Cheap  Walmart… 
.  Walmart  walmarthelp customer pick up is the worst pick up service ever. Placed two orders and each time the wrong item has been picked
I'm walking out of publix with my mom & hear " wassup boo " like that's some Walmart shit 😂😂
I'm at a Walmart parking lot crying my ass off cause life is coming at me so hard right now and I could use a shoulder BUT everyone is busy
Walmart has 0 chill with the freeze pops 
Off to walmart 👋🏾
 villainlily  CrazyIrishJohn I worked 6 years at walmart.. so i know the hell of blackfriday being there at 3am to… 
 hot walmart girls pics russian teens fucking videos 
THEY'RE PLAYING *NSYNC AT WALMART IM DYING
"Buy American" is directly opposite to "Buy at Walmart". Have you ever tried to buy anything not made in China in W… 
 BoydVanessa5 Should've have tweeted that earlier. Walmart was selling a whole bunch of them.
Mexican food can't happen without THIS: AD  foodie  mexican  nomnomnom  healthy… 
I wouldn't disrespect Walmart with that comparison 
 madonnafelice i actually have a crack au that h7 makes eoy shop at walmart while he buys gucci for himself and katherine gordon
I'm at Walmart in Gustavo A. Madero, D.F. 
Mobil 5-Quart Motor Oil at Walmart from  13 after rebate + pickup at Walmart - 
 realDonaldTrump NB KEY Walmart TAX LOW WAGES NO Health Care Coverage FORCE Sub with Fed handouts REPEAL NEEDED 
"We gotta hurry! I just got back from Walmart, they’re selling Nintendo 3DS systems for 149.99 on sale, plus every… 
I've Washed, Cleaned, Did My Hair, Cleaned Again, Peeped At Social Media, Caught Up On Love & Hip Hop, Went To Walmart Twice & budged my 💸
 JacquelynKDavis  Walmart  TerranceWill2  pepsi  dallascowboys Uhhh I woulda made that drive again  Blessed_Soul_ w… 
I come in Walmart every other day buying something 😒
Walmart has their Easter candy on for one dollar a bag. The good chocolate stuff.  Freeze those bags for later or at least say you are!! Dyh
Cop pulls man over and looks in his car. Then he asks the man to follow him to Walmart 
 auntiebaecc_ Unfortunately Walmart ... Its made with thigh meat from the Turkey
Where I'm from you gotta be strapped like Walmart shoes
Quote from a lady  to her child at walmart: "I should whoop the fuck out of you right now, you're lucky we're in public."😣😐🙄
When I say somebody shaped like a Walmart bag.... this is what I'm talking about 
There aren't any spicy sweet chili Doritos at Walmart right now and I might cry
It appears the Balloon Dog Anatomical Model has made it to Walmart 
Looks like the squished down all the soles of every shoe they made and glued them together and slapped a Walmart sh… 
My Walmart Savings Catcher was deleted - MsCrookedHalo 
feeling determined at Walmart Sebring 
do you think love can bloom in walmart at 2 am?
If ur ever feeling unattractive just go to the Walmart on 83, the middle age men will hit on you & then you know at least they think ur hot
I hate walmart with a passion
 Radicalchu Walmart baby
Standing in the middle of Walmart and a woman literally came up to Jackie and I and told me that I was "So Beautiful." Im not crying.
I swear my makeup be Dior, Marc Jacobs, and Saint Laurent... while my clothes be Walmart, old navy, and FUBU 😭
 realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson So, you're going to kill Walmart? B… 
Kinda wish I could move to the Walmart by my house:/
I'll take him to Walmart with me! Really seeing the town...he won't be able to handle the excitement! 
when you high asf at walmart and cant find the snack aisle 
GO GET SOME SHIT AT WALMART!! OK???
 WBranchSoftball I found it on GameChanger, it is getting me thru Walmart
 kayla_osborne13 It is the absolute worse.
-sincerely every walmart employee as myself
How many times love my Walmart family lol. Even when they're moments of embarrassments or mad times or crazy times or even others
when did everyone start getting cartoon network internships like they're handing them out in front of a walmart
I need another second job man. Not tryna put all them hours in at Walmart again..
WalMart is all but giving away Cadbury snot eggs now. Still overpriced.
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Oklahoma City, OK 
 CowboysNation: It's  TWillTuesday out at  Walmart (18121 Marsh Lane). Come say hi!  realdealtwill 
 Walmart screwed up my order and  HobbyLobby sold me a nicer item for  5 less.
Renfrew forsale - someone selling used Walmart clothing for more then it is in store new, sold. Name brand item, reasonable price, no offers
 NoToPlutocracy  funder  DNC  realDonaldTrump  Walmart  GOP Walmart is starter jobs Most of those are teens or coll… 
 walmart you have new employee ratings today on  Comparably. See what your team is saying & claim your page. 
Not ready to face Walmart alone
Admittedly I've never been very good at math, but I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = eell
I go to Walmart just to get treble hooks. Didn't leave with just treble hooks.. 😭
Just got my sideways license, now at Walmart to buy wine cuz I can now 😎
 jurneeN7 girl im in desperate need of new makeup & skincare products hmu when u wanna go rob walmart
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  100 WALMART GIFT CARD SAM'S CLUB  GiftCards  Gifts 
back at Walmart
Then I walked into Walmart. I did not walk out empty handed. 🤷🏽‍♀️
just got followed around walmart for 20 minutes & then when i asked homeboy wtf he wanted he pulls out a fortune cookie & asks if i want it
This  walmart chicken was not cooked all the way 👎 
the biggest and most important thing that's ever happened to me happened at walmart and ill always resent that
Walked in front of this white couple at Walmart, didn't even look at them & tell me why the woman said "what's your problem? My problem is u
trump is president, urban outfitters is collaborating with a walmart brand and pinche Marilyn Manson can't drop SAY10 riddle me that
The frick is this. Sell it at Walmart, I wanna play with it. 
A big shout out to flip flops for giving me the ability to do the splits in a rainy crowded Walmart parking lot.
Mobil 5-Quart Motor Oil at Walmart from  13.47 after rebate + pickup at Walmart

chanel vs. walmart 
Find out more about Walmart's plan to acquire Bonobos an online men's retailer. 
I'm at Banco Inbursa Walmart Tepeyac 
Spent an hour in walmart looking for crafts just to go and return them 10 minutes later cause buyers remorse😧
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Greensburg, PA 
 Desireeeeeeee_ My friend (whose wall that is) had hers painted first and I stole the idea from her. 😊 you can get… 
I have my own entertainment. Girl left her keys in car, guy locked door, World War 3 is happening in the  Walmart parking lot.
There Is No Walmart Tax - Every Tax Day We Get Told There Is And Every Year It's Still Untrue 
I SAW YOUR BOOK AT WALMART WHAT A GREAT DAY SO PROUD  connorfranta 
 northstoryCA they're at Walmart?! ugh... My dream is a mid century dining set...but anything somewhat vintage here has become super    
There Is No Walmart Tax - Every Tax Day We Get Told There Is And Every Year It's Still Untrue  Business
 QBDoesIt At Walmart 😂
It's a successful trip to Walmart when your worst thought is, "Those shoes, with that dress? Really?"  peopleofwalmart  socialanxiety
 CoolAssPigg I'm starting to see!! Walmart just so unorganized
Purina Fancy Feast Cat Treats Just  0.92 At Walmart!


If yo pieces hit once usem 2 times i walked in and out the same Walmart 2 times!
About to hit up my homie who works at Walmart for the 🔌 
Forget Victoria's Secret, I've worn the same Walmart perfume since 8th grade and get compliments on it all the time
 _TerrificT walmart way better with the prices lol
Hope Walmart don't be crowded!
These niggas 4rm Boston's,Walmart,   KimberlyClark,Seattle(u know who) r going 2 get their a** kick cuz I didnt ask u touch me
 Walmart possibly and probably buying  Bonobos? Looks like I won't be buying bonobos.  fuckwalmart cheap fucks...
Tell  Walmart to STOP buying seafood from Canadian sealers! Sign   sealhunt 
 MrRedBone U used to work at Walmart ?
Purina Fancy Feast Cat Treats Just  0.92 At Walmart! 
¿Walmart es weapon-free zone?
Talented. 
Decided to stop by Walmart to see if they have any Nintendo Switches for sale.  That is a negative.
 Kaysters623  Walmart say, how's the weather down there in erie?
 ChristinaCIM when i went to the usa i always bought my clothes on Walmart 😅😂
ChristinaCIM: My extravagant outfit choices here are courtesy of Walmart and goodwill 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 
Chanel vs Walmart 
Shadowhunters edition 
Y'all ever get teary eyed reading Mother's Day cards in Walmart? ......ya me neither
My extravagant outfit choices here are courtesy of Walmart and goodwill 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼 
 dolcespice No problem! Try searching retro tv stand on Walmart and it will probably come up
Due to a PR fiasco, Walmart no longer offers Winking at old people.
Regular beer is expensive 😂😂😂   Walmart Wisconsin Dells 
 DaveWeasel how did you get banned from Walmart
HOW TO BE DANNY DUNCAN IN WALMART || GROCERY SHOPPING 
DAMMIT, IF I HAD ORDERED MY PRINTER FROM WALMART, I WOULD HAVE IT BY NOW...now i gotta trump my round ass up to the library!!! :(
I swear I hate Walmart 😂 I'm always in there tho
Can't Wait Till The American Deli Open In Walmart. I Know They Wings Gone Be 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I'm at McDonalds in Walmart in Williams Lake, bc 
When you come in Walmart and they try to give you a hard time and lie to you  about "policy" like you ain't work at Walmart for over a year
"There Is No Walmart Tax - Every Tax Day We Get Told There Is And Every Year It's Still Untrue" {By Tim Worstall, … 
 dolcespice They're from Walmart online :)
no. catch me at your local walmart asleep in the Ball Cage gripping onto my titties for dear life
 Lousywaves By Walmart lmao stitch fix
 tee_reneee You need to set it. Buy airspun. It's at like Walmart or Walgreens.
Keep this going, terrible of walmart 
Have you entered to win yet today? Don't miss out on this amazing  giveaway from   SourPatchKids &  Walmart... 
The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays via  memphisnews
Lmao I just said what the fuck in line at Walmart, and this old lady in front of me turned around in disgust to look at Sharlene and I 😂💀
and walmart. i dont know the difference but its happening
 PrimePantry is amazing! I get all my laundry supplies shipped to my door with a  20 saving I would not have received if Id went to Walmart
 score  spottedcow  newglarus   Walmart Wisconsin Dells 
Ppl at Walmart simply don't get out my way fast enough
Niggas in Walmart making history 😭 if y'all don't get yo ass in the studio and drop this. 
The blacks at publix and Walmart are more racist than anyone
wasn't "walmart" spelled "wal-mart" ?
RCA Voyager 7" 16GB Tablet Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)  37.88 
10 of the world's best fresh markets  Walmart  Tesco
Ready to win a tropical vacation?  SourPatchKids &  Walmart are giving one away!  
  walmart 
Walmart cookies torch 🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘
 LawyerRogelio . IvankaTrump sued for stealing copyright design for her Made in China, Redneck Wedding shoes (buy a… 
this girl is making a musical.ly in the middle of walmart....
I love you  Walmart
My 10  pole from Walmart hasn't had a fish yet 😂 
Ozark Trail Louwell Packing Cube 3-Pack for  5 + pickup at Walmart - 
 DTrumpExposed . IvankaTrump sued for stealing copyright design for her Made in China, Redneck Wedding shoes (buy a… 
how to pick up cute boys: wear a pens jersey to walmart
 contestalert  win  100 Walmart Card Giveaway - 
If  Walmart paid their employees more they wouldn't need little help from their friends  walmart 
Can't wait to be outta Walmart. These nights is slowwwww
TV Ad: Media:Site:  
Walmart:… 
RCA Voyager 7" 16GB Tablet with Keyboard Case Android 6.0 - Reg  79 - NOW Just  44.98 
Daily trip to  Walmart complete 👍🏻
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos via  Recode
My bf refuses to go inside Walmart with me...he sits in the car every time! Is this some form of rushing me?! 🤔🙄😒😂
 RavenVal I'm more of a Rowntrees Fruit Gum person. They actually have them in the international food section at Walmart.
Or shop at Walmart 
Man they couldn't do this anywhere else but the TV section in Walmart? 
 itsbl0ndie what about Hard Candy from Walmart for a drugstore makeup review?!🍬🍭🍬
 realDonaldTrump Why not call them out?? Plenty USA workers to hire for walmart stores, headquarters!!  H1b1fail… 
Is Walmart doing some volunteer work to provide food for it's customers? Walmart is trying to clean its image.
 BoulderAntifa  PrisonPlanet 😂🤣😂🤣😂Think you will find them right next to the burkas in any Walmart or mall in a san… 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Athens - Epps Bridge Pkwy 
Jamikia need to come on so we can go to Walmart
If an STD was a place, I imagine it would look a lot like the fair that comes to Walmart once a year. 
 callhaqueend_ Shy dropped it in Walmart
jo, who is the ge:ius that thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on thehbottom mhelf at Walmart?
i hate walmart
 CMU_AfterDark Walmart and sour apple
 DearAuntCrabby  IvankaTrump  realDonaldTrump That's a great point since 45 claims to be launching a Made Im Americ… 
What could it be? LA Lakers fans? A fight over an ex girlfriend gone bad? Or just a brawl at the closest Walmart... 
Watching a classic   Walmart Plainfield - E Main St 
 Walmart is this normal 
I used to joke that I bought clothes at Walmart...now it may be true. Shouldn't they be worried about brand dilutio… 
 aedwards2150 You must shop at Walmart!
Walmart's E-commerce Strategy: Pure Genius Or Venture Capitalist Bailout Fund? forbes  Ecommerce  M&amp;a  Walmart
I'm not say Shopping at Walmart makes someone a bad person, but...the worst people in the world shop at Walmart
 alamortiz92 That's awesome! We hope you have fun. -Trav
Actual footage of Black Friday at Walmart from last year. I think I can see my aunt. 
Lord please forgive me for all the yrs I roasted my mom for getting off brand groceries at Walmart. Because now I understand the struggle 😭😂
Rosarita Beans Just  0.58 At Walmart!  Instagram  Walmart  beans  coupon  Coupons
Walmart is down. Phones don't work.  walmart  Walmart
 RockiThaRealest which one are you drinking? There are some good ones from Costco and Walmart that I've tried
Wish you had a shopping assistant?  Walmart might be bringing in  drones to help you w/ that… 
Face planted in Walmart today if that tells you how my week is going.
Kids love color. That's why our junior liners are tons of fun! Check them out  Walmart! 
Ummm I dont claim her either...lets just leave Her in the clearance aile at walmart. 
Rise to the challenge of the  OTIF initiative from  Walmart - Read how we can help 
Wife and I went through self checkout at Walmart. Person before us had some interesting purchases.  sexyparty 
this is literally chanel vs walmart what were they thinking
 fittinger_fritz Thank you for joining the fight! -Trav
 realDonaldTrump Looks like the cleaning boy at Walmart?
Walmart's E-commerce Strategy: Pure Genius Or Venture Capitalist Bailout Fund?  forbes  ecommerce  m&a  walmart
 sadantnan  Sentinel2NO I am, too. Maybe they were missed? He might not go back to a Walmart for that reason? If, if!
 itsDanBull I feel like George R. R. Martin when he looks at his books on a shelf in Walmart.
Walmart is like a zoo man, so much to see
 Nice  Toys  Marvel Legends Nick Fury  CaptainAmerica Movie Walmart 6" Samuel L Jackson 
Girl at walmart just pulled out her wallet and dropped a roach (pot not bug) she looked panicked as she picked it up
Walmart incents suck
It astounds me that  Walmart shopping tRump voters can't figure out that THEY r reason no US manufacturing jobs.
Bu… 
WHY THIS NIGGA LOOKIN LIKE A WALMART VERSION OF ROBBIE SHAPIRO 
so you can record yourself at Walmart 
Walmart Fight Caught On Camera Because Walmart
 visualheart Oh God those are everywhere now. Once they hit Walmart I was like Congrats on being the new mason jar/… 
 ggemfm We can't wait either, Gina! What an awesome way to bring Art to life! How cool is that? Watch our page for updates!  -Katz
"the Walmart people who work at Walmart"
The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays via  usatoday
 rose_lawliet  thachampagne  JJtheGamerGuy  404GamerNtFound That's Hilarious!!!! OMG I have to go to Walmart now an… 
Walmart discounts click-and-collect  business  banking  money  social  smallbusiness  customer
He told me go to Walmart to get my eyebrows done. Nigga no
I'm concerned by all the fanny packs on display at my local Walmart. Please tell me they aren't making a comeback!!!
 TheBearMin Nono like "OP" like they used to be a brand at WalMart
JUST IN:  MY FIRST SLIDE by LITTLE TIKES! Excellent Condition! Only  19.99! 
If ion do nothing else this weekend I'm definitely going to Walmart to get a strawberry shortcake cake lbvs
Fuck! I didn't realize the  Walmart lady put my shopping in two bags and now I'm home with half my stuff, and 20 bucks poorer.
"You're from North Carolina?! Holy crap!" - easily impressed 9-year-old kid in the Walmart parking lot
 6PAPl Poor people in Walmart wasn't ready
 RichardNixon103 That's why it's good to avoid Walmart on the 1st of the month
Daily New Logo  12 ! 

Made a new logo fr  Walmart 

RTs Appreciated! 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Ankeny, IA 
i got what you want i'm walmart i'm sears
 Bates21Jocelyn walmart
Yo the Walmart niggas gotta chill. He said he'll pay my phone bill for the rest of my life if I give him my   
Nigga you work at Wally wrld?
We play the jags next week... if anyone needs me before then I'll be at Walmart in the bleach isle
 breeee1k When I took you to walmart😂
 dattmay "my Walmart"???
DrinkWell Cash Rich, Market Ignored Restructuring Opportunity: CafePress - Seeking Alpha… 
She's been on the phone the whole time in Walmart.. & shes still on her phone 2 hrs later..so I hope whoever it is..enjoys they time 🙄
Dammit, I gotta get to  Walmart to buy  NASCAR collectibles! 
Imagine the CEO of WalMart saying that. It would be a shit storm. Lucky for him, his party has vilified state workers so no shit storm
Babe and I had plans to go to the woods today. Left and everything just went to Walmart first. But got tired and came back home after lol
myAppliances->Mixing it up at 'America's Test Kitchen' - York Dispatch… 
 Alexx_Beckerr dude i was in the walmart parking lot bawling g my eyes out
“Buy American” actually is a great way to create jobs: Especially if it means: Buy local, not from Walmart.
An old lady at Walmart said I have a "wicked stare" and that's honestly the best way she could have told me I have male resting bitch face😂
Current job: painting the exterior of the Waterloo Walmart. 
Always finding myself shopping super baked at the Walmart 💨
Having been inside Severn Walmart, I get the concern. But BWITM has been there since 1950. Why did you move that cl… 
Currently in the Walmart parking lot this woman has her pet pig 
I'm pretty sure my grandma would buy these for me every sunday from Walmart when I was younger...... mandela effect? 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Encinitas, CA 
Channel vs Walmart 
 miss_kyra_ walmart  2
God I swear half the time I walk into Walmart I get comments from the creepiest men 😳😭
 beta_mcpe1 P.S. I am here at a Walmart and Minecraft is pretty available because nobody is buying it anymore! Teen… 
 suzdal92 Oh no! Did you contact us at so that we can find a solution for you? -Isa
I liked a  YouTube video Got this betta fish from Walmart how can I save it
Y Gucci n not my Walmart sandals
 BuyAmericanHireAmerican except  Walmart cause then what would they actually be able to sell?
Chanel vs Walmart 
 mpmason87 Oh but we want to save the day for you, too! We hope you change your mind and decide to stop by to see us soon, Mason! -Katz
This looks like any  Walmart 
 doozerblake Bro, Kmart is way older than Walmart
lmfao barca not even playing but manages to trend when santiago boys reap healthy investment returns off of walmart like officiating ploys
I FORGOT I GOTTA GO GET THAT MONEG FROM WALMART OMG!!!!
I've been sitting at Walmart for 30 minutes now, trying to pick up my 7 items. 😅
everybody in here bitch about walmart and say they hate walmart but they stay in here
Chanel VS Walmart
 DanielaBlume  LamborghiniEM 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Austin, TX 
Check out  HotWheels  Marvel  Avengers  Walmart Retail Store  Display Dump Bin 36"x22"x18" 
 EmmaleighGrady I got candy in a Walmart bag if that counts 😂
How short are your feedback loops? Where can you shorten yours next? 
 Marshall_Audrey That are at the NT Walmart on an end cap near the cooler cases!
everybody wanna be at walmart
The Walmart Shoppers got the BIG DUB in the kickball playoffs!  Onto the Semifinals!!  Shoppers
Check out our under  1 items   Walmart! 
The restrooms at Walmart aren't working and I'm stuck here until 11 😭😭
Some of the older ladies at Walmart are about one more "I don't know" away from being stone cold stunnered.
meet me at walmart in 10 minutes if you want an asskicking
 djrikkirick  Complex Lmao you get to name some modems I installed for a guy who named his "Walmart" thought he was hilarious 😑
I work at  Walmart and I found out that  Walmart and I share the same July 2nd Birthday. I don't know what to think about this.
ALL AND COMPLAIN:
West Plains Walmart Supercenter
1310 Preacher Roe Blvd, West Plains, MO 65775 (417) 257-2800

I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Thornton, CO 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Kissimmee, FL 
 SurvivinAmerica  MrJonCryer Lmao yep! The police make fun of people who commit crimes and go to Walmart because th… 
Take me back to when mom knew exactly what I wanted from the Walmart  and I didn't have to grocery shop for myself🙃
Phone's at 60%. Stuck in walmart until this oil change is done. If my phone dies first please cremate my body
 realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson DOES IT MEANS WALMART, TOYOTA, HOND… 
Maybe listening to thunderstruck before going into Walmart wasnt the best idea..  alljackedup
Two easy steps to snagging our top scents!

1️⃣ Print out a  1.00 off coupon

2️⃣ Head to Walmart and take your... 
HELLO EVERYONE. WOULD YOU LIKE A  100 GIFT CARD FROM WALMART? IF YOU DO INBOX ME FOR MORE INFO. AND, YES IT IS TRUE
Counterfeit  50 bill passed at Counterfeit Walmart 
 chapeltongue I use the ones with moisturizing strips around it. Like the venus. But I buy the walmart version.
Picked the wrong day to need to go to walmart
 FoxNews  united When United Airlines joins Braniff n the airline cemetery, all United employees will b seeking wor… 
They in Walmart tryna get a record deal lmaoo foh
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Newcastle, OK 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Boiling Springs, SC 
 Kayla_Rosa Yik yak died when it tried to turn itself into what's effectively "Walmart brand" twitter. Now its doom… 
I'm In Walmart Every Other Day. 🤦🏾‍♀️
 CNN Walmart is going to close all it's stores. Americans will not have a lot of options for cars. Can't buy Apple products. Nike...etc...
I'm at Walmart Supercentre in Halifax, NS 
 selenagomez Selena get in touch with Walmart...
Rex, Walmart, chancellors run . You have been blessed 
I am hopeful the apparel AND girl's/women's global VENDORS will improve their designs and force Walmart into better established designs.
I need a new job!!!! Walmart keep cutting hours 🙄
 industrialstrX2  birdseyeguam  HendrixFreak  SenSanders  GOP Yes, there are a few bad apples (Exxon, Walmart, etc are too), but it's better
i asked brandon to take me to family dollar to get nail polish and he said "i'll take you to walmart" alright
Walmart's post-Easter chocolate sale was vastly disappointing. 
Be advised.
Need some ideas for appetizers? See how to make these Spinach Crescent Rolls :  ad… 
I want to go get kicked out of Walmart so badly! I watch so many videos on Youtube and they get kicked out so I want to now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🤣🤣🤣
The bathrooms are down   Walmart so we have to use Murphy gas stations smh 🤦‍♂️🙄
Next time I'm at Walmart I'm picking up a BB gun to take care of these green parrots  Walmart  longbeach  greenparrots  killthemall
"i am a cashier at the walmart says me" 😂😂 
Relaxing, ASMR Unboxing Walmart Spring Beauty Box, Cosmetics, Whispers, Gentle Gum Chewing, Tapping: via
The Beat:  250 Walmart e-Gift Card Sweepstakes: 
 assbestos do u know if walmart has good embroidery hoops
From eating sushi to shopping at downtown to grocery shopping at walmart. Enjoy sangat harini, lupa ada exam on Thursday.  lifeasasenior
Going to Walmart when I had week off when Talia had facebook messaged me about being there with her baby and... 
I literally went to Walmart today to buy water but didn't bc I didn't wanna have to carry it to my room... WHY AM I SO LAZY?????
I'm about to leave Glent ass at Walmart.😂
baby, HEH dreamer my heart walmart
Walmart is speaking to my soul today 
 TheKonamiCrew y'all should head to my Walmart, we got 2 Big Ol Boxes of these suckers 
Notice no mention of Walmart cleaning up that shit they call female clothing lines?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Findlay, OH 
In Store Loss Prevention - MUST HAVE A VALID ONTARIO SECURITY LICENCE - Walmart Canada - Bowmanville, ON 
Dirty Harry Collection: Dirty Harry /Magnum Force /The Enforcer /Sudden Impact / The Dead Pool   7.50 Walmart/Amazo… 
Walmart has some of America's oddest people there at all times
What's The Dumbest Reason You've Been Fired? Get On  TheList... 
Here at Walmart, we prioritize never communicating between employees, so nobody knows what the fuck is going on if 2 departments cross paths
 Walmart just turnd me away for an oil change... off to  Valvoline for my oil change and Target for my last minute shopping. Good job guys.
 daretocarefb We greatly appreciate you taking part. Thank you for daring to care and sharing to Fight Hunger! Together, we got this! -Katz
 SenorBoomNYC  jaketapper  Sen_JoeManchin Don't forget The ready to wear line available at Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Wichita, KS 
I have almost hit someone in the Walmart parking lot about 10 times
I go to Walmart and get me some hoes I don't need to go to no club.
SICK NASTY!!!! WALMART CUSTOMERS ARE FREAKING AFTER WHAT THEY JUST FOUND IN PACKAGED SALADS!!! 
Why do people go in the 20 or less line at walmart with 50 items
Walmart asks entrepreneurs to pitch 'Made in USA' products

Sad after driving mfg & costs to countries that would produce for slave wages.
Me when all these niggas told me I wouldn't make it in walmart in time for the cut off to buy alc  FreewayJake… 
 ananavarro  areallycc He can always buy one on the  Walmart Grocery App. 😂
Rosarita Beans Just  0.58 At Walmart! 
 Best  Toy New  Marvel Legends Vulture  Spiderman Ultimate  Spiderman 2 Pack Walmart Exclusive… 
 MarsColonyApplicants first I have to wait for a Walmart... 
 XboxMadHatter  xSTiCKFiGAx Gun laws are stupid that's why I love America just picked up this bad boy 99¢ at Walmar… 
 Kids  Toys New Marvel  Legends Vulture  Spiderman Ultimate  Spiderman 2 Pack Walmart Exclusive… 
Join the Brown-Forman team! See our latest  job opening here:  Sales  Bentonville, AR… 
I'm at Posto Walmart in Contagem, MG 
Walmart's E-commerce Strategy: Pure Genius Or Venture Capitalist Bailout Fund? ( stevenpdennis -  forbes) 
 darkstarskate this came from  Walmart I use to skateboard when I was younger seems a little heavier than what I us… 
 iLLeZt_B_Owt Walmart to Walmart me  450 right quick I'm tryna see some
Trying to pick up my things from Walmart and it's taking a lot longer then it should.
 DasTheFav Omg!! I always miss the chance of getting dogs at Walmart!!!!
 ModCloth  ChelseyLora It's unfortunate that ModCloth is now owned Walmart.
 GovJayNixon  Is this what is happening in your state?  Walmart  realdonaldtrump  Hannity  tuckercarlson  
 cartoonnetwork  Walmart  Todd_McFarlane Garnet needs shades :3
Tweet out  fightinghunger and  Walmart will donate 10 meals for local food banks.  Help us  fighthunger in America.
Like if my pants ain't coming outta Macy's. Or Walmart....they never ever fit lmao fml
Hi ho hi ho to Walmart we go: via  YouTube
 therealdonald Don't ever purchase a bed from Walmart, I did and it was infested with bed bugs, thought you could help me spread the word
Lol just went to the richest Walmart in LA they charge you for bags
Passing by on my way to  walmart where else  lol (  Centre Laval in Laval, QC) 
 Walmart is your online site down?
Ok  Walmart  and  Target do either of you care to explain how this happened?  weird 
 Nyko119 Walmart at the transit stop
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
spotted in walmart ! look it's your gf  samanthapoli_ 
this fucking guy eat shit outside and then i being silly at walmart what song poardy should i make
1. Jack Johnson: Very fat, Wife(cousin) is also fat. Can be spotted in MAGA hat & white beater riding around on tho… 
"It looks like you've got the same shirt on," said the judge to the man as they watched video footage of the theft 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Springfield, MO w/  russman17 
From among the  Deloitte Technology Fast 50 winners to  Walmart Integration Partner: A Joyful Ride - 
Now thru May 15, help us  FightHunger w/  Walmart by tweeting or RTing posts using  FightHunger! Learn more:… 
Bitch when I'm givenchy and them other bitches is Walmart there is a difference. These Seams were hand sewn don't t… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Ashland, VA 
 Walmart  Is this true? If so, your company should be ashamed of yourselves. 
walmart employees should go through training on how to bag groceries.
 70srockalbum it's also sold at walmart and target if B&N runs out
 GrimsToyShow Walmart is hooking me up x12!!! 
 MechaDinoRobot The thing that makes it white trash is that the French onion dip is Walmart brand.
Cap Barbell Cast Iron Kettlebells from  10 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Walmart I purchased a bed from for my mom that was infested with bed bugs!
 JHolbrookREP Thanks for the shout out! We're very excited about our Training Academy Grads 🎓 & look forward to many more classes! -Katz
7 out of 10 murderers on ID Channel get their killer & burial supplies from Walmart. If you see anyone buying a shovel at Walmart, call 911
Time for tacos and margaritas thanks to  Walmart and  OldElPaso Taco Boats  ad  tacos  inspiringkitchen Visit… 
If I got back all the money I've spent at Walmart and Dominos in the last 4 years I could probably pay for my entire college tuition
my belt from walmart and your wcw want me to choke her with it
I needs to go to walmart
Was at observing misdemenor court with matt, only two types of people there: people who stole monster energy from walmart and frat boys
You know who you are. Shame on you for buying Walmart brands. Scentsy has warranties...I'm just sayin...carry on💅🏽💄 
 BrookeyTaughtYu Ima go get some later tn. They're at like Walgreens and Walmart right?
 camperelli  IAMPICHELLE I'm so nosy, I'd love 2 know what a day in his life is like. He would probably lose me in… 
McDonald's is the Walmart of fast food.
 realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson So can't shop at Walmart or buy Tru… 
 MSNBC Purchased a bed from and it was infested with bed bugs!
Damn Walmart
You can help 1 in 8  CT residents by making a donation to  FightHunger at your local Walmart!… 
You gotta love Walmart 
Consider yourself to be an  entrepreneur? Check out Wal-Mart's Open Call event where you can pitch product ideas 
In Case You Missed It:  Tax Season Savings on Samsung at Walmart 
Chillin in the Walmart parking lot cause I have nothing else to do lol
When she heard their cruel words, she knew she had to do something 
Enter to  Win  MySavingscom Walmart vs. Target  25 Gift Card  Giveaway - 
 Walmart  walmarthelp this is how my replacement order arrived. My first order was also covered in detergent.
🙁🙁🙁 
 BromoSouthern The thought of Walmart owning half my closet is terrifying.
Want to work in  WestValleyCity, UT? View our latest opening:  Banking  Job  Jobs  Hiring… 
Don't ever buy a bed from I purchased one for my mom and it infested with bed bugs!
Animals ❤❤❤😍😍😍   Walmart North Attleboro 
Bigger than  WalMart &  Jet acquisition 🙆🏼... 

via  Recode
Only in America is there outrage about the content on a rap CD at Walmart. BUT.. in that VERY SAME WALMART, you can buy guns😭😭
 tianess_ They were out when I went but I need some of those in my life so brb while I check another Walmart :')
Love how  DIRECTV will absolutely harass you to buy there product when you go in  Walmart! Go bully someone else  DIRECTV
 MickelodeonNL Cheap ones. Not sure of quality at Buck or Two. I also bought those at Walmart
 manthaxxix They have them already made at Walmart & they're not too expensive
Not super thrilled at the rumor of  Bonobos selling their soul to  Walmart.
love how i can tell who Joannas real friends are & who the hoes are. the friends wave to us both when we go into walmart. the hoes look away
 MeaganWristen  OlaySkin  Walmart Does it really work? On men too? I need to try some of that!
Do not ever buy a bed from Walmart, I purchased one for my mom and it was infested with bed bugs!
Which iOS. And Imei to dm. I can do it remotely. Send the walmart to walmart reference number to dm 
Am I the only girl that shops in the men's section at Walmart for tshirts?? 😅😂
1) I went to Walmart today. As I looked around I wondered if anybody besides myself could go to battle but I saw only a few who could...
 sgdc_man  bullybelleTN  RealJack Guns, are inanimate objects, war is an escalation of getting a place in line at walmart
They desperately need more than one person at the Jackson Hewitt booth in Walmart. I've been waiting for over an hour. 😑
Walmart is so weird lol
 tcalkins90  TheresaLovely23  Finn_American Is that what they call the greeters at Walmart now
Coleman 42-Can Cooler Just  30.39! Down From  55!  Instagram  Walmart  Coleman  cooler  deal
Lmao that shit gotta look stupid as fuck in Walmart 
 Radmonovic Boutta get it wen I goto Walmart 😂
One word to describe  Walmart  Displeased with customer service ...  respectallcustomers  allpeoplematter 
yass like 🤦🏾‍♀️ walmart gotta see me 😑 
I was going to go to walmart and then I remembered I donT FUCKING HAVE YM CAR
Walmart 
 alyssaeverhart prolly bc it's walmart ..
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Freehold, NJ 
Enter to  win a  50 Amazon or Walmart  giftcard from   NotQuiteSusie!  sweeps  giveaway 
Someone   me the video of the two guys in Walmart saying " they don't like to see you winnin" over and over pls I wanna laugh. Again
Love how now Walmart has the Nintendo switch available AFTER I pay bills...
Pokemon galore! Same price as Walmart with taxes included! 
 _dhearts lol I've done this with the Walmart rings 😂
 perkchillin I got tears In my eyes and I gotta go down Thornton road to go to Walmart
Rich ass nigger. He makes me sick. Don't even know what to get the baby cuz of his Walmart blanket tweet. 
Y r half y'all playing assassins if y'all want everything to be a safe zone? I heard someone talking about Walmart needing to be one like...
Awesome! Way to go   UMich students!  GoBlue  We  Wolverines fans only have to buy our shirts at walmart. Bwahahaha… 
Was really wondering why this one girl was really staring at me hardcore in walmart lol.... my shirt was unbuttoned.
 Walmart's  E-commerce  Strategy: Pure  Genius Or  Venture  Capitalist Bailout Fund? 
 lindsey__ann13  DrinkBODYARMOR  Blaney I found them at my Walmart, they were on the sports drinks aisle.
The moline Walmart stresses me out
 aclarks0n Take that door mirror tag off the corner of the mirror I know you got it from Walmart for 4.99
Pokemon galore! Cheaper than Walmart for most of it! I’ll match their prices with taxes included! 
DIY Taco Bowls are easy when you have TortillaLand® flour tortillas on hand! Try it for yourself this  TacoTuesday!… 
If there was anywhere in the world I thought I'd be safe from religious proselytizing it would be a walmart bathroom. I was wrong
 TxYankee33  BBensa Jobs lost in manufacturing (union) paid living FT jobs pay so low, qual… 
I'm broke so I might just go to Walmart to get a quick meal
 realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson President Trump is absolutely right… 
. 11  walmart&when.home.yo
Donate at or your local  Walmart store to secure 75 million meals on behalf of… 
If anyone needs a Switch my Walmart has six just chilling on the shelves.
Going to Walmart when I had week off when Talia Clark had facebooked messaged me about being there with her baby... 
❤ TwilightSaga Twilight Saga Eclipse Walmart Lanyard And Collectable Gift Cards (NO VALUE)  Twilight…… 
They have ball caps at walmart of the poop emoji incase anyone here knows someone who's a shithead.
 chrisbaker1999 Quit running Walmart ads
. ispottv rounds up the today's new ads on television --  adage
Want to work in  Bentonville, AR? View our latest opening:  Sales  Job  Jobs  Hiring… 
Damn I just seen a nigga get caught stealing from Walmart.... 

That hurt.
Bill has been in orientation all day. WalMart garden section. "It's a job". He'll do just fine  GMT89
DrinkWell Mall of America's Debut boutique is selling for a cause - Minneapolis ... -… 
This is a great app for the random shopping day or if you are going to Lowes, Home Depot, Walmart, Bed Bath and... 
Has to be Walmart.... 
If you gone go behind somebody back at least do it where nobody can see u 😂fucking Walmart really 💀⚰️
Walmart pays  11 an hour in Texas. My bf's mom has a degree and makes  13 at a Hospital. It all varies by State.
Not a bad pack for the front of the rack at Walmart!  PokemonTCG  PlayPokemon 
WalMart beauty box Spring 2017: via  YouTube
Walmart is literally the most ew thing of the face of this planet
(it's important to note that I am in Walmart) BUT SO WHAT
 McDonalds Swindon at Walmart Asda    What is this I ask for a cheese burger and I get no burger this is terrible !… 
Group advocates for living wage at Walmart: Making Change at Walmart, an effort by the United Food and Commercial…
 RepMcGovern Get rid of Walmart. Most of the stuff they sell is from another country. Bring back Mom and Pop. Quality is lacking everywhere.
 PrettyyGiirl_ Planet fitness by Walmart
idk what takes longer...going to walmart with  PatrickPhil509 or waiting in line at the DMV.
 EastRanFan We're always happy to have what you're looking for, Becky!They're lovely in full bloom & roses smell heavenly!🌹  -Katz
 minethatdata  JustinTymes Compared to 1999, Walmart skyrocketed annual sales by  300 billion and annual net profit… 
 RenNathalia "good" = old man khakis with the elastic waste at Walmart. 
 sexy las vegas videos girls of walmart porn movie 
 kaykayyeee I know it's at target and Walmart for like  4. Benadryl Itch Stopping Cream.
Controversial Development Finds Itself Between A Rockland And A Hard Place 
Put  4.10 back in your pocket with these deals!

They spelt Sooubway™ wrong at Walmart  theodd1sout 
Walmart's possible takeover of Bonobos infuriating fans of high-end menswear brand because… 
 GaonaAlina Wow, thank you!! 😭 I used this eyeliner (it's  2 bucks at Walmart btw) and I also used tape to make sur… 
These were only 1.60 on clearance at Walmart just thought you should know, call me what you want… 
guess what. we grinding up ice & puttin henny in it in my apt on the same day. & i bought the big pack of popcorn from walmart too  WEEatin
 FatKidDeals sane TV refurbished on Walmart for  409
 MemphisExpat  901Joan  meghugs Kroger, Walmart Neighborhood market, and probably any liquor store. It's really popular now
 le_blaine Wow let me me wear my Walmart shoes in peace
 susanbr42259458  realDonaldTrump Trump had nothing to do with the purchase of the steel ..think lead time PRIOR to… 
 nasawhxre Yep

I

HATE

Walmart customers sometimes 

To feel better I go to 
This was smooth af but why did they gotta do this in Walmart 
Fresh from purchase, Walmart eyes Bonobos bad idea: incompatible br… 
 ThriftDiving  Brawny  Walmart Boo -- you don't mess with the Brawny dude. Ixnay on the ick-chay.
The Grim Tower reviewed us because we made his walmart shopping experience better! Read up! 
 realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson Here may be where we agree, BUT unf… 
 wegotbids ain't it a blessing we made it out of Walmart after all that trappin
Wise words from the Walmart cashier today: "You better stay in school. Don't let any man get in the way of your education."
 JarettSchnessel Hi! You can learn about our giving priorities here and apply for a grant here: 
"It would be a shame to destroy the Pine Rockland for a Walmart." Debate rages on controversial development. 
Your solos are Gucci compared to my Walmart ass 
 funkopops  ebay Star Wars Rey With Speeder Funko Pop Galactic Convention Exclusive Walmart  174… 
♦→ BoeingTMAN Rebirth  1 DC Comics WALMART 3-PACK Sealed Unread HOT!!! Great 
I absolutely hate going to Walmart.
I need to go to Walmart tonight
 theparisamour Walmart
 MonaSalama_  POTUS can't wait til all the  MagaLosers get pissed off their duck dynasty gun racks are too expensive to buy at Walmart!😂🤣🤑😀
"I'm not handicapped I'm just better than you" -walmart
Hate going in Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️
If you're a person who likes going on adventures even if it's just to Walmart pls hmu cause I need new friends. 🤦🏽‍♀️
Omg, I'm in a Walmart bathroom and just heard a little girl singing The Fox by Ylvis. Took everything I have not to join her from the stall.
My breakfast this morning 💖   DailyBlend - Peanut Butter & Banana Cereal Smoothie ad: 
I know that it doesn't seem like much but the fact that Walmart allows people to sleep in their lots is a godsend for struggling musicians
so it's not at walmart or target
 Baileygard_ I was detoured into the Walmart parking lot not long after it happened.
Sargento Sweet Balanced Breaks Deal at Giant Eagle and Walmart! via Lady Savings - Sargento ... 
Walmart: Arm & Hammer Liquid Laundry Detergent Only  1.63! 
 3lectric5heep Oh fuck off...you can buy the contraceptive pill at Walmart for under  10....also PP gets private funding...hit them up
18 April 2017: the very last Modcloth purchase. Still sad that they sold to Walmart (and as long as I have an opti…… 
 sugarplummimi you picked a far ass Walmart
I always smile at the Walmart employees and probably like 1/10 of the time they smile back like aren't you the one who works here?¿
 RRyan345  Lady_Infamous30 Go to Amazon go to GameStop go to Walmart go to BestBuy go to Target you'll see what I mean it's still  60 GTA 5
Sargento Sweet Balanced Breaks Deal at Giant Eagle and Walmart!  XCurrentDeals ... 
Update your home with a  50  Walmart gift card from  MonicaBenavidez &  BHGLiveBetter:  
 MrTommyCampbell Walmart!
Sells Trump Merch? 
Skinner Pasta Only  0.36 Each At Walmart! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - If you are looking for a ... 
Impact of Wal-Mart & Concepcion on Antitrust & Consumer Class Actions:Survey of Recent Developments in Lower Courts  
The dems chased Walmart out of D.C. before they could even get their first permit. 100's of jobs never to see the l… 
We need to start asking companies like Walmart, Target, Amazon,  to make bulletproof clothing. 


I hate Walmart
Feels like it's all about you. And id eat your pussy at walmart.
Amazon is worth more than Walmart, Costco, and Target combined!
. Walmart The item in question was a pair of those shorts, bought earlier TODAY, tags still attached, WITH receipt.… 
I will be the first one to open up a McDonald's franchise in Norse Korea  following my debut of a Walmart Sooperstore  NewportBeachPD
(g-1) 5:00PM Tuesday.  Hi Richard!  I got everything done that I wanted to do today!  As I sat at Walmart, waiting for the bus, I was
I liked a  YouTube video The Weirdest People In Walmart
 Danielle_Grey Wait yes you can!!! Go to candy aisle in Walmart and look at the very very bottom !!! I've gotten it before !!
I saw these in the clearance section at Walmart once and I still regret not getting them. 
 realDonaldTrump: what the hell is  Walmart going to have left to sell?  BuyAmericanHireAmerican
 nerual_ysiera Dude yes go to Walmart see if they still have some & they should be on clearance 😂
. IvankaTrump sued for stealing copyright design for her Redneck Wedding shoes (available at WalMart)… 
Walmart Buffalo! Loves our new promotion!  PrezKLRB  TimMiller44 
The earbuds I like were on clearance at Walmart, so I stocked up.
. Walmart Also: what's with all the boys summer shorts that are see through?? The world does NOT need to see my kid's underwear!
 Walmart continues their  ecommerce  acquisition ⚡️⚡️(streak),they  work to purchase  Bonobos .  immersiveyouth 😛
im doing my weekly "go to walmart just to buy mcdonalds" trip
Skinner Pasta Only  0.36 Each At Walmart! 
(c-4) back from Walmart.  Jo
Will be a guest speaker for the FLW at select Walmart locations around the Indianapolis area.  Can't wait! FLWFishi… 
. Walmart Cuz I looked up  Walmart return policy on what says is their corporate site, & they shoulda taken the thing back.
U should see what they do at Walmart 
. Walmart  walmarthelp Legit they just hung up on me
i work at walmart & this girl tried to tell me i didn't know what i was talking about & that i was wrong 😂 girl, i know what i'm doing
 victoriasue3011 Walmart. Call the store and talk to the manager. You pick them up at night after 11:00.
Just left Walmart
 Sabribri_14 Jones told me at Walmart to get her CP and it was the first one I wanted to get and I didn't get it
When some creepy old guy asks "damn are those jeans custom made or did you get them at Walmart" 😂😳  letemilylive
New on Ebay!Star Wars in the USA Star Wars: Rogue One - Walmart Exclusive Action Figure Set (3 pack) (3.75")… 
"damn it girl are those jeans custom made for you or did you get them at walmart" 😂😂😂
Sounds like nearly every Trump voting Walmart shopper. 
Has anyone had trouble retuning stuff 2  Walmart? Cuz my mom just tried 2 & they told her bullshit that isn't in their policy.  bullshit
(c-2) spend some time putting it together.  Emma's stopping by with my laundry.  I have to run to Walmart for a few things.   Then I want
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Louisville, KY 
I asked them to see if they had any watermelon peeps left, and I've been on hold for 20 minutes!!!  Walmart… 
I hate walmart why did I even come here... 😐
"Do you have to get nipple coverings at a sex store or can you just buy them at walmart?"  SavanahRae43
 strictlyerin go buy some cheapo walmart ones 😂 she makes about  100-200 a weekend, so you can always afford nice new underwear
Some little kid at Walmart just said, what the haywire
Why is this going down at Walmart 
Wtf. Alexis King 
 GOURAITEN he wears walmart
Why is Walmart so ratchet lol
 ejkerrigan it was great seeing and hanging out on the goddamn floating Walmart!  chillinthemost  mikeeclark… 
 AzoorGAF  Dreamscythe I don't entirely agree. 
It's like saying that you don't have to sell at Walmart, it'll just… 
3 predictions for the future of retail – from the CEO of Walmart via  wef  retail  marketing
Offered to be a guest speaker for the FLW at select Walmart locations around Indianapolis, IN… 
Shit like this always go down in Walmart lol 
Good choice of employees  Walmart
another link to open on my phone 
Mixed Lot-10 Beauty Samples Other Products From Walmart Beauty Boxes:  12.95 (0 Bids) End… 
Group advocates for living wage at Walmart: Making Change at Walmart, an effort by the… 
 50 Walmart Gift Card & Low kalz 30 Low Calorie Drinks and Snacks  Giveaway 
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 101 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 4/18/2017 5:30:53 PM
 DeadAngelCat Red Eyes is at Walmart in a mystery box probably where they keep the YGO cards. BEWD I got from Toys R Us a while back.
A Walmart trip isn't complete without getting hit on by some random dude.
 mothers and sons nude walmart girl porno 
Why would you park backward in walmart if your going to put your groceries on your trunk ? 🤔😂🙊
 mrscorie Also Hillary used to sit on the board of one of the most nefarious big box stores: Walmart
This old Nigga laying game on this girl in WalMart 😂
 daisymcadena They think it's heb Walmart etc ice cream 🙄
Retail Roundup: Chilly Updates From Macy's, L Brands, Sears, & Walmart 
The mechanics at Walmart didn't even know what I was talking about...
 VanityFair last time I walked through Walmart it doesn't appear as "civilized" as you proclaim USA to be. 😂 Nice try, globalist propaganda
 GiddySoup Gman my Man U shop at Walmart
Y'all not hip to the Walmart brand golden puffs. Easily in the top 5 cereals. Not up for debate.
I'm at Walmart in Greenwood, NS 
Today D.A.R.E stopped me outside of Walmart and while I was making a donation some old lady was so rude to one of the volunteers
DeB's  interests hurts low families:  15minwage kills their jobs & Walmart ban hikes family costs by  2,300/yr. 
Riding the scooter to the pastry department at WalMart doesn't count. 
 wolfblitzer Now when the last time you went to Walmart before Obama  20 bucks bought package of t shirts and 4 swe… 
Sitting in the Walmart parking lot, in a parking space that isn't even a spot, eating a pizza and drinking out of a 2 liter.
 At  Walmart:  Becel®  margarine - Save  1.00 on Valid on 1.5 lb or larger.   cashbackoffers  checkout51... 
 leeethanj But Walmart might be in a unique position since it gets cheap goods. A wide variety of goods is probably… 
. Walmart's feeding America is most likely feeding most of their employees since they don't provide a living wage and most are on stamps
Everytime we come to Walmart I stay in the car I hate this place
 lakota_lee It used to be a Walmart express
I liked a  YouTube video THE  99 WALMART BMX! (WE DID IT AGAIN)
the walmart cashier just told me i looked like one of the models out of a magazine, so i'm actually crying ❤😪
I will be performing in the parking lot of the Burbank Walmart later this week and it will be on… 
Yes, I just yelled at two kids playing catch with a bat in the Walmart parking lot. Swing that bat at my car one more time...
Walmart or Target for groceries/essential items? 🤔
 robbiedaly  realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson Walmart has all American apparel.
Walmart
*the universally civil place for divorced parents to meet since the beginning of time
 kylewrather Walmart?
i wanna get a monogrammed yeti but the plain ones at walmart are so much cheaper god damnit
i was shook when i found these books at Walmart like 😩👏🏼 cannot wait to educate myself 😘...brb 
What an eventful Tuesday! I almost saw someone get stabbed and 2 fights at Walmart
Pissed Off Citizen Sees What Muslim Welfare Queens Do After Leaving Walmart And Starts Recording In Shock 
 TheLeadCNN Who cares? Daddy's new EO instructs his minions not to buy her overseas cr p anyway. Guess they'll have… 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart brawl: women throw down at Walmart, then men step in, all hell breaks loose -
No institution or agency has done more to help the poor than Walmart, argues  JohnTierneyNYC 
 MediaWyse  Walmart or the southeast FTL, not quite sure which yet...
WE TOOK OVER WALMART HAHA
when  katedavismakeup recommends you don't ask questions you just buy it (ps i totally stalked walmart for 4 days w… 
 realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson Wait until you spend triple at Walmart!
Whole haircut in general. I'd buy Walmart clothes and save my money. I can run down a whole list 😂😂😂 
 crazylary51 Go into your local Walmart.
TRY to fill that cart with American Made products.
LOL!
Wal-Mart seeks online fashion presence through acquisitions by  nanditab1 &  journoGaGa for  Reuters  retail
Walked in Walmart with my niece and someone thought she was my kid lol.
This  job might be a great fit for you: S - In Store Banker NMLS 1 - Centennial Walmart - 
Casually almost got kidnapped in a Walmart parking lot
So  Tarjae (Target) took over all of NewYork.... guess I'm a broke hoe I'm still looking for a  WallyWord (Walmart) 😭😂🤣
This one all of you are saying you want your own husband a if they are sharing him at Walmart .
 arujyuna_ HEY ARJUNA DO YOU WA

NR SOME CHICKEN TENDERS THERE WAS A DEAL AT WALMART THRYRE IN THE FREEZER
Walmart  8.97 and there is an  8.99 MobiSave rebate. Also look for a  2 mfc in previous inserts. 
Trump supporters scream "Buy American" yet shop at Walmart.  suckers
 priscillastamos there's no Walmart here 😭😭😭
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
 ConnoRTheG0D lmao yo i just saw that episode at walmart wtf
 flyeste Both! I got mine at Walmart
that 50% off easter candy   walmart is  forever a life saver 🍫🍫🍫
 slimsenny I'll grab you some baby powder when I go to Walmart
Walmart just let me know I can go pick up my new fill valve. So should be home in half-hour or so to start. Updates ahead!
I saw those Nummy Yummy thingies at Walmart and instantly thought of  ijustine . Almost bought it, not gonna lie
 ____Valentin__  __DeJesus  iAmVonteee Oh..............
Shiiid WalMart then 😂😂😂
 mskristinawong  realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson Hey guess what lose… 
 ohloveyourflaws  bookchic13 I got them at Walmart. It's after Easter, might not be able to find them Joe.
Hellooo we got walmart🍢🍡 (normabeatty) 
Of course there are still quality brands, they have just ascended to the luxury markets. Plebs don't get silk threads, we get Walmart shirts
I'm at Walmart DC  6042 in Pauls Valley, OK 
 MoDOLL__ Walmart
Trump should sell his "Buy American" bs rhetoric to his supporters who primarily shop at Walmart.
Walmart: Cottonelle Cleaning Cloths only  .08 
Walmart Jobs: Gender Bias Still a Struggle, Data Shows  GenderBias  Hiring  HR  Consultant  AskVMC
Walmart declines expansion incentives 
 machineguncrawl toy section at walmart?
I liked a  YouTube video Truckin' Tuesday Adventure Force Truck and Trailer by Maisto for Walmart
Finally found the best slim iPhone 7 Plus case and it was only  9.88 at Walmart.
 KokoroAkechi ive only tried 711 and a mini walmart so i need to venture further
Police: 2 arrested with liquid meth in Walmart parking lot via  wsbtv
Dear  Walmart  walmarthelp and  OriginalFunko this rey pop purchase process is ridiculous. I hate You right now.
Like I'm for concealed carry but I think the laws for getting it should be a lot stricter. You don't need an AK-47 to go to Walmart.
 leakology We're sorry to see that! Please contact us at so we can work to assist you. -Trav
 teamarcher12 It's our honor to help in our communities! We want to thank YOU for all you do to inspire a bright future for our kids! -Katz
Business I don't like: 
Walmart 
Verizon 
Chipotle 

That's all
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Waterville, ME 
Like take me to Walmart
And those look like flavored Fritos. Not even the plain ones out the bottom of the value pack from Walmart.
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
Everytime I come to the Walmart on pinhook I tell myself never again... yet here I am
A store that has everything . Including weapons . Probably . Chokes . Walmart 
Went to grab paper plates at Walmart when I saw bearded ginger candy 😍😍 plus we locked eyes ooooh that gruffness woof!
 virgiltexas  pattymo "If walmart bringing a bunch of  manufacturing jobs back to America by 2027 is wrong, i dont wanna be right."
Today...
Pick up remaining items from Walmart I need for the play...check
Get nails done...check
Drop off play... 
That was the worst Walmart trip of my life.
 Michael5SOS I found loads of Easter eggs at Walmart today! They were all half priced as well. 
Trying on hat's in walmart!! 🤣 I love hats💜
Forbes Welcome 
DrinkWell Affinity Beverage Group Streamlines Balance Sheet; Provides Q-1 2017 Update - PR…… 
 walmarthelp  Walmart Will you be restocking Rey with Speeder Funko pop? If so, when? My in-stock notification didn't come through yesterday
Lest there be any doubt why  Walmart is buying  Bonobos - this sums it up  Diffusion “E-Commerce is a Bear” by  dunn 
Lmfao   Walmart if they think I'm working 5-10 every night of the week and then 9+ hours every Sunday
I sit in the Walmart parking lot asking myself, do I really need that? Can I get it somewhere else? Usually I end up leaving.
me: have to go to walmart for things
me, also: HAVE to lay in bed and shop for video games i cant even play
Kirby: Planet Robobot [3DS]  29.99 (Walmart match) 
Just posted a photo   Walmart South Charleston 
The things I do for my blog 😏. Today I went Very in depth with this Spring's Walmart Beauty Box.… 
This tweet is hard to believe after visiting walmart for 30 mins this morning.. nobody there seemed even cheaply ed… 
 whynotBIG Next to Walmart
 FoxNews Is middle America ready for walmarts prices to double? Isn't odd these same supporters also shop at walmart or chinamart.
today I tried on walmart shoes for fun knowing I can't afford them. this is what my life has come to
So i bought a fruit tray from walmart a few days ago. There was a few pieces that i left out and 2 days later, the apples are not brown
a friendly reminder that I met cole and dylan sprouse at walmart in 2009
 CambAngst_HPFT People of walmart is already a thing.
When you're the only person under 60 using the benches at Walmart 🙄  chronicillness  ChronicPain  chroniclife  spoonie
true life: I'm a Walmart employee get me out of here
Biggest (non-governmental) employers by state.  Walmart for the win.  Infographic 
 MayTheFunkoBWY  Ernrg  Walmart  walmarthelp According to at least one store in my area ha… 
 honestkevy  boatingdoc_  Trader_47  FoxNews  TomPerez  POTUS Walmart didn't create a platform of America first whe… 
 sexy walmart girls girls pooping during sex 
myAppliances->6 steps for setting up a server room for your small business - CIO… 
Helloo.. PlayeShawn (Walmart_Rugs) :) 
 StarWars DISNEY STAR WARS ROGUE ONE WALMART EXCLUSIVE ACTION FIGURE SET (3.75")  Buzz 
When your Lambo needs new shoes... why not bring it to the Walmart Supercenter? 
Fuck outttta here wit them Walmart ass titties
“HIV VIRUS” FOUND IN WALMART BoeingNANAS AFTER 10 YEAR OLD BOY AGREEMENTS THE INFECTION - Healty living base 
Wal-mart's positive, negative effects debated recently:  cspanwj
Go to Walmart to get Kaiden 1 thing and end up walking out spending  30 on him!🙃
 KenGardner11 So that also means if you lived in a small town you would drive by the downtown shops to drive to a W… 
 itsChristophel  Interior  BetsyDeVos  POTUS I'm not talking about Walmart. But since we are they could do us a fav… 
I just bought the  Nickelodeon Slime at  Walmart for my friend Niyana and Today we're gonna make some  Nickelodeon… 
Mom of 3 Dreads Trip to Walmart—Then She Sees the Cashier Hit Something Unusual on the Register via  sharefaithit
chanel vs walmart 
 MeMichele90  jakobbarnes55  Tellinot no phone bill, no phone service. use old phone to tap public wifi, near mcdon… 
Wal-Mart is passing along savings to shoppers who pickup in stores 
Walmart cuts about 300 jobs from tech division 
Found the Boruto movie at Walmart and bought it lol
Police: 2 arrested with liquid meth in Walmart parking lot: report at 5:17. 
This used to be in Walmart stores. 😂 
Walmart is the devil you can go in there saying you only going into there for one thing and come out spending   95 😭🙄🙄
 spazosaurus Walmart has the buy 1 get 1   1/2 price.
Love  Walmart grocery pick up!
HOT Hormel Chili only  0.92 when you Price Match via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, ... 
 FoxNews get ready moron supporters to pay more at your favorite stores like walmart! i hear the bitching now!  MAGA
Hey  thachampagne  JJtheGamerGuy  404GamerNtFound look what found at Walmart tody. 
DISNEY STAR WARS ROGUE ONE WALMART EXCLUSIVE ACTION FIGURE SET  STARWARS
 Trump I bought 19 inch TV from Walmart it lasted 1 year from China! Stupid me bought another TV from Walmart China year-and-a-half stupid!
The lady at Walmart just tried to scan the thing that divides your stuff from other people's stuff. She thought it was an actual item. WTF 😂
3 stabbed in Athens; suspect found naked in Wal-Mart //it's always Walmart
Forgot how many weirdo customers Walmart alwayssss seem to have
 calebandrew Woman I went to high school with now crowing on FB about writing/singing commercial jingle for Walmart… 
At Walmart missing my girl...hope She is ok
Since when does Walmart sell Kits!!!!!😱 
Mom and I spend at least 10 minutes smelling shampoo and body wash every time we go to Walmart 💁🏼🙈
Post a tropical selfie so you can enter for a chance to win a tropical vacation from  SourPatchKids… 
 FBNELA Thanks for the awesome shout out & sharing to Fight Hunger! There are lots of ways everyone can help! Together, we got this! -Katz
Before you slam Walmart, remember: if they all closed tomorrow, unemployment would increase a half point overnight  feelthebern  TheFive
 Red_Randumb Your my favorite youtuber and if u can plz add me on Xbox my gt it x21 Rugs
I got a whole  8 off this,  working at Walmart has it's perks👌🙏😫👌🙏😫😩😎👍 
Being surveilled at Walmart... :) on 
Channel vs. Walmart 
 Walmart  jstines3  FeedingAmerica How about actually paying your employees and  making the ones you have full time… 
"Sooooo many people ask me "why buy It Works! HSN when you can get biotin at Walmart?" On the… 
Oh and I think Walmart having a sale!  rollingback
 gregcalvert  DonaldlJoseph  TomiLahren Charge companies taxes they go over seas, those jobs vanish a guy working o… 
*in Walmart*
"Do y'all have laminating paper for small, personal laminating machines?"
"What's a laminating machine?"
Don't cook on Wednesday night! Join us at Buffalo wild wings next to Walmart for a family fun night out.  Just... 
 walmarthelp (cont) They said Walmart model, call them. WM helpline says old model; no parts avail. Went to WM and conf it is current model.
Progress in LaVista, as the last wall from Walmart is torn down earlier today. 

 commercial  realestate… 
 ProSyndicate check out what I picked up from Walmart :D 
 TranslateRealDT Oh, shit. He's been reading The Walmart Manifesto...just kidding, he can't read.
 ModCloth  Jet  Walmart WELP. That's the end of that.  byeModCloth
An old man just came up to me at Walmart and said "god bless you" and gave a creepy smile and I honestly wanted to die
Looks like  PetSmart took a page out of the recent  Walmart M&A book. Acquiring  Chewy for  3B+ 
 realDonaldTrump buy and hire American order signed ..  don't do as Trump business does ... HYPOCRITE ... Walmart to go under now?
drove to Walmart, almost died because someone thought it was a good idea to speed past their red light and honk at ME like it was my fault?!
 Win a  20 Amazon, PayPal, Walmart, Target, or Starbucks Gift Card! Ends in 26 days!  giveaway  free  old 
I really need to go to Walmart, but I really hate going to Walmart.
*tweeting so i can open on phone* 
2 poor to spend  8 on pants,can't go 2 Walmart thks 2 sensitivities. Must have thick band/cotton.
 PovertyWishlists… 
 VictoriasSecret Gretchen Wilson says I can get the same damn thing on  Walmart shelf half price and still look sexy.  notyoungorthin  gw27
A freaking dinosaur centipede just crawled out in the middle of the isle at Walmart. I'm burning this place to the ground..........
 DolanTwinsNewVideo it made me laugh so loud I'm crying and I'm in the middle of Walmart and every one is asking me… 
 100 Amazon,  100 Target, &  100 Walmart Gift Cards  Giveaway (4/26 US) -   las930… 
Smart TV LED 32 ´ Samsung 3... Apenas R 1199.90 Acesse  TV  SmartTV   oferta  desconto… 
5 Finest And Worst Jobs At Walmart 
Well just got a new 360 mic from walmart. Wires chewed up.
Uhmm, it's similar. Like Walmart and Kmart. 
Looking at my transactions when I first came to the states and I spent 100  at Walmart 😭i don't remember what the h… 
For example, here is today's outfit. 😂 Sunwarrior Tshirt from my old job, and denim capris from Walmart.  ootd… 
i just saw a furry at walmart
 TwilightSaga Twilight Saga Eclipse Walmart Lanyard And Collectable Gift Cards (NO VALUE) 
"CloudTrail Your Walmart for AWS logs" 
 miquelmcmoore talks to  JordanaWCCO  about parental paid time off yesterday at 10pm:  Starbucks   Walmart
Go to Walmart for diapers. Come back home with everything BUT the diapers 
I TOLD U SO.  IBM LOSER SENILE 86-YR-OLD WARREN BUFFETT LOVES DYING COS LIKE TESCO WALMART ETC. WILL HE RING TIO SA… 
 VP You are such a fucking dick as our rep there dude. Your white trash fans buy their stuff at Walmart
 realDonaldTrump Your shit is made in China. Does this tweet not apply to your tacky brand & Ivanka’s Walmart styles???
who's worse to run into at Walmart- old teachers or old friends u don't talk 2 anymores parents
 Lavergne96 The Walmart in Baton Rouge does it 😂
 POTUS Trump supporters falling for his tagline again - you will shut down Walmart and Family Dollar etc.., all the… 
Palmolive 10oz Dish Soap for  .71 at Walmart – Frugal Harbor via  frugalharbor
 CNN Are you going to scratch out made in China? So much for walmart and dollar stores...
 callhaqueend_ walmart
De Blasio is denying low-income New Yorkers access to one of the most effective anti-poverty programs: Walmart. 
 Harry_Styles  RollingStone you bet your ass im heading to a walmart to buy this
 KymRobison  Interior  BetsyDeVos  POTUS So a company like Walmart deserves more tax breaks than the lower/middle c… 
 MayTheFunkoBWY  Walmart  walmarthelp True dat
Take That Walmart Fashion-focused Amazon wins patent for on-demand apparel manufacturing’  Fresh  Fast via  GeekWire
 MarcDSimon76  Walmart  walmarthelp honestly it wouldn't help because by the time you get the email and check online, it will be gone
 _LordOfTheWings ii got one for  10 at Walmart ii believe!
why tf do I come to Walmart...
 Walmart can't even shop for deodorant without dumba   employee shoving rack into me! 
My mom just heel clicked in Walmart lmaaaoooooo I'm dead
WARNING: do not go to Walmart hungry. Easter candy is half off and you might buy all of it::)))
Texas town comes up with the best use for an old Walmart 
New find to share  Walmart. Discovered  OldElPaso Taco Boats  Recipe on IK site  ad  tacos  inspiringkitchen Visit 
 AmandaMadonia_ For real though. I'm sick of using my Walmart foundation and concealer that does not cover any blemishes on my face 😑
Need to work up energy to go to Walmart
Saw a chick at Walmart today buying just a plunger... We know what's waiting for you at home
 CMcDaniel15 just spent  200 at Walmart - pretty sure I just got milk and bread 🙄
 DamienPrinceJr Take DJ to Walmart with Bianca and have  a friend you know secretly go to Walmart. Link Up. Let him… 
 NAZM available at  Walmart 
Walmart playing that Britney Spears
I saw some grey lipstick at Walmart the other night. I can't stop thinking about the grey Walmart lipstick
 AmyMek Says more about your gun laws . How did he get the weapons Walmart ?
Police converge at Rockaway Walmart on report of gun via  northjersey
 Walmart is in advanced talks to  acquire online men’s retailer  Bonobos via  Recode
Accomac man guilty in Wal-Mart TV thefts via  MyDelmarvaNow
Walmart provides over  4 million in cash bonuses to Alabama workers |  
all that leftover easter candy at walmart makes me sad
The Walmart  greeter on University creeps me out. 😐😐
 Agent4709 But she shouldn't have told me to look it up 😈 Shoulda just kept up the story about buying me from Walmart 😇
Walmart is selling a new product that combines a tortilla with a croissant, and we’re not sure how to feel about it… 
I'm at Walmart in Jacksonville, FL 
The review Walmart refused to share. Please share.  dangerousbike  review  walmart  unsafe 
TIL an underground meth lab was discovered beneath the parking lot of a Walmart in Amherst, New York.  todayilearned  til
 nude anime pics hot walmart girls pics 
i've been to walmart 3 times today.. i am disgusted with myself lol
Hamilton Beach Hand Blender w/ Chopping Bowl via  DealsPlus
Wait for Trade Wars.  Now Orange King is attacking Canada.  When he tariffs them they will respond.  Bye Walmart.… 
I'm giving away something for you on  Listia:  100 Ebay/Amazon/Walmart Gift Card - GIN. Get it here - 
I'm always late for work because El Dorado decides to have Walmart 15 minutes from when you first come into town
 MayTheFunkoBWY Hey  Walmart  walmarthelp what happened to the in stock alerts for the Exclusive Rey on speeder?
Sunny when I went into Walmart.. & I be damn if it wasnt fucking pouring piss out of a bucket when I came out with a buggy full of shit. 🙄🙄
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Sarasota, FL 
Enter 2  win a tropical vacation w/  SourPatchKids new Tropical Flavor  Walmart 
 _bms1k especially when we was otw to get mommy after the Walmart situation 😂😂😂😂😂
Police: 2 arrested with liquid meth in Walmart parking lot


Sent from my Samsung SM-J700T1
 sandrasantos "The Crotilla is a new creation from Walmart that combines the flakiness of a croissant with the shape of a tortilla."
 MrAstroh  MommmyLyst  danidannydani . Cookout taste like they bought the food from Walmart and cooked it lmao🤷🏽‍♀️
yesterday i taking a shit at walmart and i was being silly good bye
 Walmart  Fr33dom1791 Oh my goodness ...and never go there when you are hungry😂
 RicksWriting They're 25 cents at a Walmart near us. The employees told us it is because of local competitors (Aldi).
my mom just cock blocked tf outta me at walmart with the most beautiful father I've seen smh I wanna fight her
This mom was walking through Walmart with her crying kids repeatedly yelling "free kids! Comes with clothes, bed, everything!"😂😂😂
 Walmart Very soon, too soon! Funny. :)
Walmart and Target could beat Amazon on drone delivery (Walmart, TGT, AMZN) 
How the he'll do I always end up behind THOSE customers at Walmart
 bonobos and  Walmart "Shrewd" or "Unholy alliance?" 
I'd love to find me one... 
"Me and my husband were just staring at each other like is she serious? Did she really just do this? I was really... 
I just want ham in target and Walmart.....again 😭
The poor are the losers in New York's war on Walmart via  nypost
 caseyjohnston  ashleyfeinberg Remember those cheesy plastic covers your grandma had on her sofa? Same idea, but fo… 
If someone is going to annoyingly sing loudly in Walmart shouldn't I be able to boo them if they suck?😐 Tomshutthefuckup
Walmart continue their spending spree....


 StarWars DISNEY STAR WARS ROGUE ONE WALMART EXCLUSIVE ACTION FIGURE SET (3.75")  Episode 
Just had a random lady at Walmart sniff me in the checkout line and say she likes my cologne. How's your day going?
uses discounts for in-store pickups to fight Amazon by  Rjcc 
 mc_christi1  boatingdoc_  Trader_47  FoxNews  TomPerez  POTUS like Walmart what's left of sears 90% of shoe compan… 
Walmart the place where people will walk in front of a car & then stop & stare at you. 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
 LightBeerRJ  SavvWEST They sell XXL dickies fits at walmart
The poor are the losers in New York's war on Walmart 
Sent a job application to Walmart ...... rejected.
 Helioz  Walmart just very low stock each time. Keep checking every 30min on the hour
“ thehill: Senate Dems: Trump's border wall could cost nearly  70 billion and yet (seems well priced for a ladder).
A good Pupitar appeared! It will be 414 meters from the 300W Walmart until 3:08 PM.   PokemonGO  SLC  Monocle… 
 RetailNews - Walmart stores in Texas are testing touchscreens in their toy aisle. 
 froynextdoor  channel vs walmart :) 
 Walmart  MayTheFunkoBWY That restock alert function is a joke I set mine  never got anything and people saying they bought them.
Turkey & Avocado BLT recipe from  Walmart

Get  MealInspirations at  ad 
I'm going to regret going to Walmart
Walmart greeter, 88, fired for failing to stop wild turkey wandering into store 
i'm pretty sure i'm lookin at the cleveland killer rn in walmart lol
 Ernrg I would check with  Walmart  walmarthelp
I went to the self checkout at Walmart and almost forgot to grab my  40 cash back 🤦🏽‍♀️😂
 RayBan1775 We appreciate you letting us know. If you could reach out to us at we'll be happy to address this. -Trav
 to174jay We got some crazy good deals. Walmart before inventory time can be a goldmine.
I told scotti I wanted something sweet and I was hungry' so he took me to Walmart and bought stuff to make me chili dogs and 🍓cheesecake
Visit Booth  555 & say hi to the  mabelhood team! Plus enter to win a Mabel's prize oack including a  100 Walmart G… 
Walmart Hiring Is Averaging  151,666 -- For Software Engineers 
 25 Walmart Gift Card and Control Your Clutter Book Giveaway ends 4-18 
How to Trick People Into Saving Money discusses  Walmart “prize linked savings” feature on its prepaid cards 
When the "Lawn and Garden" doors open at Walmart.  signsofsummer 
Office Impressions 48" x 36" Dry Erase Board for  32 + pickup at Walmart

 Kids  Toys: DISNEY  StarWars ROGUE ONE WALMART EXCLUSIVE ACTION  Figure SET (3.75") 
Teach My Kits Online  Walmart  buy 
i am inside walmart henlo
Police converge at Rockaway  Walmart on report of gun  myersgene 
President Trump SNAP ON SPEECH Signs Buy American, Hire Am...  realDonaldTrump Ya Walmart trying to kill off farms 
Go into Walmart thinking I'll only spend  20. Leave Walmart spending  85.. how does this happen?¿
I go to walmart to get makeup because I have like nothing left and I lost the bag with everything I bought 😊😊😊😊😊
Drove All The Way To Walmart For Colored ChocolAte To Not Go In 🙄 Too Crowded
Microsoft isn't only firm demanding clean power. Toyota, WalMart, Ford, L'Oreal all asking Kentucky for renewables. 

 Gator_919 They born every day at Walmart ! 😂😂😂
Boy was bout to be at that machine in Walmart all damn day 
But me I don't judge a Hussle is at Walmart job coo for you then do it.  It don't hate on the next bc we just all tryna get it
Green Pharmacy - Walmart Pharmacies - Andrews Pharmacy - 9,846 Completed ORDERS Today!  GreenDesign 
We’re working w/  Walmart to  FightHunger! Find out how you can show your support online and in-store today: 
But will it help the  lions or Walmart sales?  hottake 
Delivering (  Tobyhanna Walmart DC in Pocono Summit, PA) 
 BraddJaffy Until US consumers determine that price isn't 1st factor in buying nothing will change. WalMart thrives as a result.
 sashaalsberg I know my family uses the Walmart brand in spf 50 bc apparently consumer reports rated it as very effective
Pulled up at Walmart and forgot I had my du rag on 😩
Here is the The Hampton Roads Show Reck on the Road segment about the Walmart  FightHunger Spark Change campaign!... 
My school is having a Walmart brand Coachella tomorrow
 IslanderMLE It's a sterilite from US Walmart! Some bigger Canadian Walmarts might have it. I love mine. Has a whol… 
Office Impressions 48" x 36" Dry Erase Board for  32 + pickup at Walmart - 
 Fr33dom1791 Yeah it is! That's like walking in to a candy shop and ONLY getting some gummy bears. Good luck with that! -DA
no tamale will ever compare to the walmart parking lot tamales. i need them back in my life D:
Jacking off in Walmart Parking lot  
I'm starting to get ANNOYED with Walmart && these EMPTY SHELVES ........ 😤 (at  Walmart Supercenter) 
This woman says she was robbed in the front of the Walmart parking lot in Raleigh. Why she's now out of a home >> a… 
Walmart have all the ratchets lordy
Only Zaiden would be flipping ppl off as they walked by in walmart😔😔
Bitch of a roommate came home from Walmart, with ONLY peanut butter & jelly & some white ass bread 😭😫😂😂😂. That's her food for the month.
Some guy was all yelling all crazy in Walmart & people were running over there trying to see what was going on like whyyyy nosy ass people
With that said i gave this young lady and her 4 month son a ride from walmart florin rd to Meadowview and made this disrespectful nigga sit
 bus girl sex the women of walmart nude pics 
DrinkWell New cocktail encourages stem cell diversification - Lab News… 
I dropped by the Innisfil Walmart this afternoon and found a couple 40th anniversary figures on the shelf - and a 6… 
Goodbye, Walmart. 
 hkonnath with what's next: 
Spent the day in Bentonville,AR with cousin Kylie. Fun touring where Walmart came from.  walmart 
Star Wars The Black Series REY JAKKU Figure Walmart Exclusive 3.75"  StarWars
Star Wars The Black Series CAPTAIN PHASMA Figure Walmart Exclusive 3.75"  StarWars
Pit people against immigrants to distract them from your billionaire cabinet paying Walmart and Wall Street to expl… 
I really just opened this buffalo sauce to taste in Walmart
Empowering Customers with More Ways to Save – Introducing Pickup Discount 
Star Wars: Rogue One,Walmart Exclusive Action Figure Set (3.75") as pic  StarWars
Win  300 in gift cards: Amazon, Target, and Walmart Giveaway Ends 4/26 ~ Tales From A Southern Mom 
Star Wars The Black Series KYLO REN Figure 3.75" Walmart Exclusive  StarWars
 _KennLee Not even kidding, come apply at Walmart. Most positions start out at over  12hr and flexible scheduling
had brought it up before, but yesterday she agreed I needed one!. Today went to Walmart, got a discrete black backpack, and built a kit!
It's always a good day when you're accused of stealing a sticky bun from the WalMart free samples.
Some guy just followed me out of Walmart and to my car to ask for my number 🙃
The VIDEO that WALMART DOESN'T Want You To See!! Future RFID Chipping Hu... 
 honey_parfait I THINK.... THATS WHAT THEY WERE???? MAYBE???? either that or walmart brand lmao
i deadass just walked through walmart with a "hi my name is papi" sticker on 💀💀
Is Major Retailer Walmart Worth Its Price?
 Walmart  NYSE  Supermarkets  StockAnalysis
 MeAndMyBugatti Walmart photo center
If there's only one clerk working (idc if it's a bank, Walmart, post office, etc) don't storm off complaining that they're taking too long.
one time me anna and callie went to walmart and callie stole this piece of wood 
 DifficultShots This ya big homie Dymaris talking, post a screenshot of one of the walmart transactions and right after to clear your name
 Desi_Dukes I'll check Walmart online! I figured Ulta would have free shipping after a certain amount but from what… 
Real-Time Feedback: Agile Product Development At Walmart 
 DCaplet12  KatelynBeckwith They have them at Walmart!
 luzzi_michael Do a "do your dares",if so I dare Evo to pretend he's a worker at the checkout

P.s. Do this at walmart
Stg when I get my cake up imma go to Walmart an buy all the gold chains💯💯💪🏾👌🏾💯😤😤
Walmart marketside raspberry lemonade is crack 🔥🔥🔥🔥
How fun would this be to have?!

Woah-  Walmart is trying to donate 100 million meals to  FeedingAmerica  donate  giveback 
Hey  cinnamondeb, I looked everywhere for  Racheldoesstuff in this West Covina WalMart parking lot, but just made a… 
 dolphinslash I like elf but have never tried ordering online! I'll check Walmart
 NikkiSapphire No Nikki no! Walmart is the devil! Lmao
 5P u carded the frozen pizza from dont lie to me 😤
 WalMart and  Amazon Are Buying Their Way to the Top - Bloomberg View  ecommerce  retail
myAppliances->Driftless Kitchen opens at Asheville Food Park - Asheville Citizen-Times 
Bought this necklace for my mommy   Walmart Supercenter Boca Raton 
You go into Walmart mindset on what youre getting & leave out, get to the car and realize you forgot to grab the one thing you went in for.
 MayTheFunkoBWY  NJ_Tree Or Walmart is toying with everyone.
leave it up to me to get my wallet at home and come to walmart 🤦🏻‍♂️
So either I'm gonna have to switch to days or quit Walmart all together.
 BestBuySupport How come the cuisinart says it's on sale but that one doesnt? Also how is  39.99 on sale if walmart… 
I mist definitely need to go to Walmart tonight when I get off
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Farmville, VA 
Walmart’s potential acquisition of Bonobos could help retail giant challenge Amazon via  GeekWire
Was it "I got my gun at Walmart!!!" ? 
Omg... this woman in Walmart. I do not miss dealing with opportunistic assholes
there's a bunch of workers at walmart jusst standing around  like is  that what yalll are getting paid for
I just got irrationally mad that my  2 year old Walmart sunglasses finally broke 😅
 Hearties thank you  Walmart for supporting WCTH on hallmark
 Kalcedonyx WALMART FOR LIKE STUPID CHEAP 👌💯
Big Data At Walmart: How The Mind-Blowing 40+ Petabyte Improves Retail Decision-Making:  bigdata  Retail  analytics
Hopefully Walmart isn't a zoo.  I just want to get groceries done and head home.
went to target and walmart yesterday for discount easter candy and was crushed to discover scads of milk chocolate but no dark chocolate
Actually, that's false. I could get a kinder egg near here. The border is closer to me than a Walmart.
Sorry Walmart, JCPenney......you all will be soon out of business  realDonaldTrump  buyamerican
Outdoor Patio Sofa Furniture Round Retractable Canopy Daybed Brown Wicker Rattan -  499.94: Walmart offers Outdoor… 
 sale Outdoor Patio Sofa Furniture Round Retractable Canopy Daybed Brown Wicker Rattan -  499.94: Walmart offers… 
And yet another free meal from Walmart 🤷🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️  tooeasy
Chanel vs walmart 
It's a good day when WalMart sells your face wash again
Fun Fact: It's easy to boycott Walmart if you don't live near one. 

 meboycottingwalmartislikeboycottingkindereggs  theyjustarentaroundme
23 Scary Walmart Facts You REALLY Should Know 
 amyschumer AIDS doesnt kill you then Walmart irradiation will....
Y'all Walmart be playin games 
im gonna be bigger than walmart
 DifficultShots Look ima make it sweet post a screenshot with one of the walmart transactions and than all the way… 
 RealMattCouch Do you shop at WalMart?
The poor are the losers in Bill de Blasio's war on Walmart 
The lot is at corner of 18/Broadway. Plans to build a  Walmart there failed last winter BoeingCKGROUND: 
 FoxNews  MarthaVineyard4 Well, close down Harbor Freight, Dollar General, Family Dollar, racist Rose's and Walmart… 
bitches at Walmart with they damn attitude
Back up again! 
Did  CillizzaCNN just liken  trump voters to Walmart and  Clinton voters to the Waldorf Astoria? Is he a total moron or just kinda?  cnn
 BigData At Walmart: How The Mind-Blowing 40+ Petabyte Improves Retail Decision-Making 
 dexbonus  SakuraCon LOL OH Walmart has some super cheap ones for  4 to  1 for even postcards! They look nice and keep my prints safe!!
FiGoVirtue Pro    44.99 

Buy now at
Amazon -> Ebay -> 
Walmart->... 
Good news, Pet Parents!  NaturesRecipe  is at  Walmart .  dogperson 
 cheydunnells I go four times a week and I use a tanning lotion that I got at the salon but before that I used lotion from Walmart
WalMart is reportedly in talks to purchase  MVportfolio company  Bonobos for  300M. Read more: 
I think Walmart will have a problem because they can close all shops  DavidKirklandJr 
Walmart Turns Up the Heat on Amazon with New Discounting Program  ChainStoreAge 
Y'all mfs is so retarded it's so easy to get a track phone at any Walmart 😂 and its easy for the police to track hi… 
 Walmart Close to Acquiring  Bonobos for About  300 Million  retail  business  fashion 
 Walmart offers discount for store pickup 
Interesting article from  TheAtlantic "How to Trick People Into Saving Money" see inside  Walmart's efforts… 
Walmart On Tax Day: How Taxpayers Subsidize America’s Biggest Employer and Richest Family 
 klauplunk I just got an email both times I messaged the seller even tho Walmart said there was an error it sent both times. Oops
Forget Walmart, the DMV is the place to people watch
 CNNPolitics Of course everyone will be paying more, especially at Walmart. 
 0.97 Rimmel Stay Matte Powder at Walmart!

I'm at  Walmart in Landover Hills, MD 
Makes no sense for walmart - just like unilever buying dollar shave. Buying digital doesn't make you good at digita… 
 DFSLineups__ Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in McKinney, TX 
I wonder what percentage of Trump supporters shop at Walmart? They would be the ones most affected by anti-trade po… 
brooklyn n. of oakdale, LA  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
Another great  Walmart find. I'm looking forward to the new IT movie, but it will never have the place in my heart… 
Walmart just paid  9 million for the Shoes dot com URL and accompanying intellectual property. 
Check out Funko Mystery Mini FNAF Five Nights at Freddys MANGLE Figure Walmart Exclusive  eBay  FNAF
🔥Hanes Thermal Pants for  5!  


( 9+ at Walmart & bonanza) 
Woman in front of me at Walmart is paying with 5 different gift cards and they don't know what they're doing or which ones they've scanned 😤
 debbbbby_____  froynextdoor Debby is Chanel, sorry Froy but you're Walmart 💁🏻
Who y'all think groceries cheaper food lion or Walmart ?
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift  100 WALMART GIFT CARD **SHIPS FREE AND FAST**  GiftCards  Gifts 
Enter to  win  100 Gift Card  bhglivebetter  bhg  walmart 
STOP TRYING TO TEMPT ME WALMART I ALREADY HAVE TWO COPIES  IISuperwomanII  SpreadGirlLove  BawseBook  TeamSuper 

Looking up Riding lawnmowers for my friend, and spotted a smile.
Hello Heinz!!
found a souped-up toyota camry in this walmart parking lot
 badlandsfroy  froynextdoor Yes babe, froy is walmart hahaha 😂
Why i dont want a walmart by my rez
i am so into this spicy ramen i found at walmart rn
Send that    to the Walmart in Huntsville 
 dangerookipawaa Went to walmart today and they didnt have no DAMN cds bro, do I check again in a week or
Walmart really takes my life away
 daddieobrien  BanesMcCall DONT DO WALMART DIRTY LIKE THAT SJDJ
he looks like a walmart version of liam from one direction 
 lexxxxxxlooger I know I was really lookin forward to graduating to a two piece this summer but now I gotta go to wack ass walmart 😓
 GlamLifeGuru check out these holographic fake nails I picked up at Walmart today!!!!! I'm so excited. 😃😃😃💿💿💿💿💿 
 gabycee_ No you're too good for Walmart it makes sense now
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Saint Marys, GA 
— don't do walmart dirty like that 
What's the likelihood of this transaction being  Walmart "jumping the shark" moment?  ecommerce  retail  CP&G 
Jesus Z. of Harvey, IL  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 101 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 4/18/2017 4:24:27 PM
Walmart training so far is all online lol
Mo Walmart pranks 
 ChadBown  AnaSwanson  washingtonpost More propaganda as the loss of knowledge  capabilities industries are sacraficrd for cheaper Walmart
Lesson learned: Never buy an appliance at  Walmart.  Mfg will refuse to supply parts.   walmarthelp will be no help.  Customer gets screwed.
Channel vs Walmart 
😂❤  froynextdoor 
Caldwell's neighborhood Walmart has diapers on sale! All they had were Luvs in Amalias size but I paid  12 for a box!
I had to see the  nickranno1 IG post in person.   Walmart Silver City 
 teriwithbraids Completely a planner.  There is also a Walmart a mile away.
 cartoonnetwork  Walmart  Todd_McFarlane yes mommy
 banjax451  MayTheFunkoBWY  Walmart I'm still waiting for in-stock alerts for the 3-packs which I've already found.… 
 gabycee_ A wise man just said, you think your too good for Walmart
Yesterday at Walmart the Cashier (like most these days do) asked if I wanted to donate  1 to end world hunger. It... 
Sonic the Hedgehog suckled a local Walmart when they screamed: Eminem.
Kt and Walmart 
 __Griffith walmart won't let me buy glue lmao
This is irrelevant, of course the account is empty, you just spent  1000 at Walmart 
These ladies just chased me in Walmart asking were my lashes individuals😍
 gamanda71 Theres this little place on dort highway past Walmart I will see if I can rememeber what it's called but… 
naked girl at walmart 
Try and call any  walmart electronic section in south Florida, no one has answered in 3 days. It's a  Walmart apocalypse  Walmart
(i'm in walmart btw)
Found  6 in Walmart 😛
Walmart and the 'Clean Toilets' Fishing License Libel Lawsuit 
 walmarthelp  Walmart this is typical Walmart! Shelves not stocked, 1 register open with 14 people in line! 
Found this in  Walmart the other day  walmarthelp 
Went to Walmart to go pick up my online order. Bought a bunch of shit instead and forgot to pick up my order. 🙃
Back at it again at walmart for grocery shopping with the fam my dudes
Walmart strikes again.  How many acquisitions and price reductions will it take to fend off  Amazon?  (Hint: too ma… 
 Elijah_so_Dope they think they too classy for Walmart
 4/1 Little Remedies New Baby Essentials Kit Coupon (only  2.66 per item at Walmart) 
Lmao at Walplex being the fake Walmart.
 PardonMyTake Fat kid in middle school gym class Walmart special
HOT GIVEAWAY ALERT!! Enter to win a  100 Walmart Gift Card! Really simple entry!  Giveaway

CLICK -->>… 
 lilbabymammaaa Tagaderm! It can be found at CVS/Walgreens/Walmart etc
 tweetsbyJG  Walmart likely not
I'm already at work because my mom went to Walmart and it's too late to drive to BR now 🤷🏼‍♀️😂
I hate when people run into me   Walmart and ask me what I'm doing there. Uh same thing as you unless you stealing
 GabeMyles5 Cmon Gabe.. the highest speed limit in town is 45.. FORTY FIVE! That should be an insult.. it takes 20… 
Hey  Walmart, please make your stores blue again.

Thanks.
 OfficialAmandaW You work at Walmart to?
I'd rather spend a little more than go to the Walmart by ala moana. That place is madness
🔥Hanes Thermal Pants for   5! 


( 9+ at Walmart & bonanza) 
It's Here! STAR WARS: The Force Awakens  dvd  family  forceawakens  movies  starwars  walmart via  wellconnectdmom
We’re working w/  Walmart to  FightHunger! Find out how you can show your support online and in-store today:… 
Deals – 55″ Sceptre U550CV-U 4K UHD LED HDTV  319.99 + Free Shipping / Free Pickup   Walmart 
🥛Delicious cup of superfoods in hand
👊🏻 Errands done (Walmart survived)
🍓🥑🥗 Nutrition on… 
🔥Hanes Thermal Pants for  5! 


( 9+ at Walmart &  bonanza) 
Mom Sees Homeless Man Holding Up Sign In Parking Lot, Freezes When She Sees What It Says 
Got Bear?  Well we can help! 
Ok  Walmart I am going to give your "2 day shipping" another try. Hopefully you actually do what you claim to.
Why is Walmart buying up brands? 
Got  hardcore BONKED today in the Walmart parking lot. Yeesh. Luckily I had the right of way, and insurance will ha… 
The walmart worker bagging my groceries just asked if I would bring him home with me 
A  Walmart buy of  Bonobos will be interesting, to put it mildly 
 fascinatedolan  steezydolan YES GO ON THE WEBSITESJSJSJ IM CRYING IN WALMART
This is what I do in my spare time 😅
 Walmart  pigs 
 rofflekris I wear the best to shirts and jeans shorts Walmart got my nigga
. realDonaldTrump  Walmart Plenty of American manufacturers in the USA happy to supply a list of all of them you co… 
 smileyt22  DoraHer19897768  cspanwj I doubt you could fill out an application to clean the toilets at Walmart.
Target, WalMart 
Walmart in milestone opening 
Walmart Toilet Paper Fort  2 W/ Andrew: via  YouTube
 jimandsamshow  PitbullofComedy  SIRIUSXM what's Walkind, that like Walmart and Mankind had a baby or somethin?????… 
It's true - we are seeking great talent for our  Dublin office! Check out this article featuring  DavidiRyan… 
🔥Hanes  Thermal Pants for  5! 


( 9+ at Walmart & bonanza) 
 FoxNews Bye dollar store and Walmart what will the hill Billy's do ?
Channel /vs./ Walmart 
 MayTheFunkoBWY  Walmart I'll point out - I still haven't gotten an in-stock alert
 HoodESports  DifficultShots  o4EVAxMafiao  FearGlizzy  _oGate Scroll down, keep the 4th Walmart purchase in the pic
Vix, KT and walmart 
BUTCH IM CRYING IN WALMART
 cnnbrk "Buy american", as ordered by our Presidon't. I'll be the first one to saying goodbye now Walmart when they… 
 caleighgirl16 I bought some from Walmart but idk if I like it and I've been going every other day! I'll have to ch… 
Target-Czech Republic- looks nice, it's cheap, & get hit on a lot
Walmart-Belarus-Dicatorship & people are forced t… 
 LimitlessStrat &  TeamLimitless is  Excited to  MakeMoney  FaceToFace TY  Walmart  nrgenergy  DIRECTV  WeLoveCustomers
Report:  Amazon interested in buying this major warehouse club chain  BJsWholesale 
Dear  Walmart All this produce and you still don't have thyme for me.
 CTVNews ALSO WHAT ABOUT PILLOWS MADE IN CANADA AND SOLD HERE AT STORES LIKE KMART, WALMART AND SEARS
 ravingsockmonky I should work for walmart then, I honestly don't care if shit gets stolen. Sure it'll probably hurt me but I don't care
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in West Valley City, UT 
 taylorleeKCBD  Walmart How many did you buy & will you share?
you realize  BuyAmerican means  Walmart will be closing. no, you didn't? you voted for the lying schmuck, deal with it.
Students won't have access to their computers tomorrow but I made copies so everything will be fine. Headed to Walmart now so avoid area
The results are in! See my  OlaySkin before and afters here!  28DaysofOlay  ad  Walmart 
Walmart pranks 
Closer shave? 

Try  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor &  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad… 
 DifficultShots  o4EVAxMafiao  FearGlizzy  _oGate  youFamousEnough HE JUST GOT CAUGHT LOOK AT THE TIME IN THSI PICT… 
Imagining all of them having to work for a living at Walmart helps too.
That  Kenosha rally was great, he's gonna make sure it's Made in the USA! Now let's head over to Walmart & buy some… 
Move over Mr! Meet the Brawny woman!  Brawny  Walmart  WomensHistoryMonth  designagency  Houston  packagingdesign


🔥Hanes Thermal Pants  for  5! 


( 9+ at Walmart & bonanza) 
🔥Hanes Thermal Pants for  5! 


( 9+ at  Walmart & bonanza) 
I'm just trying to go to Walmart and get 40 lbs of leftover Easter candy
UNIQUE ARTICLE CREATOR create  SEO articles in JUST A CLICK  tool  traffic | Popular Walmart blog yields…
 DifficultShots  o4EVAxMafiao  FearGlizzy  _oGate  youFamousEnough lmao go down from Walmart and take a screenshot… 
Keep it Walmart, boy... before I target you. 🔫🛠 
WALMART TO BUY BONOBOS?:
OK this was unexpected. It appears that  Walmart is in talks to aquire  Bonobos menswear... 
 aggiebonfire  CNN You can grasp this is about goverment contracts, right? Im not a walmart guy, but where is this all american store u shop
 walmarthelp call any Miami dade or broward location and see if any one answers. Never!  worseshoppingexperience  walmart
also since when did they sell vibrators at walmart???? or have i just never looked
 Walmart saves the day! I'm still going to  Target ...  bmkt522 
 HillbillyJeebus  FoxNews So all Republicans are going to cease shopping at Walmart?Half of our produce is foreign.… 
4 Reasons To Love Walmart Family Mobile  cbias  blog  blogging  technology
 RN_AlexMyers Walmart after midnight gives me the heeby jeebies
i always felt bad for nanako because her dream family vacation was to go to walmart
 LouciferIII Go to Walmart barefoot without getting weird looks
Cinco de Mayo is coming soon! Have you started your fiesta shopping yet? Start... by… 
Me: *wears 3 XL Walmart pullover* 
Me to me: "fashion icon"
Walmart: Disney Frozen 3-Wheel Scooter 6v Only  49.00 Shipped 
 melaninrichpony No kidding, and they better not get fired or written up either. I know Walmart has some policies w… 
 MayTheFunkoBWY dang it  Walmart - what's the point of the alert system when they're gone in 4 minutes?
I feel as though I always have to go to Walmart after work...for one thing...only to come out spending  200
Police: 2 arrested with liquid meth in Walmart parking lot:  DaveHWSB LIVE at 4:16. 
New electric poles going up at work   Walmart Woodward 
 rnixonjr  rarmenta_  POTUS R you willing to pay more for made in America products? I do all the time. Refuse to sh… 
 MayTheFunkoBWY  Walmart Was that the last chance?
 BenTps  CNN Dude. Seriously. Trump is the "Do as I say, not as I do" POTUS. Can't even make his own shit here. And… 
Walmart | Huffy Kids’ Bikes from  39.97! via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save ... 
20 Awesome Strawberry Recipes via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at Walmart ... 
🔥Hanes Thermal Pants for  5! 


( 9+  at Walmart & bonanza) 
Apparently mom slipped on something and went down hard in Walmart 😂😂 ankle, knee, wrist and head
 Robstark50  GreenEyedTwin Serious apologies! I am cynical, lonely and bored. My wife takes forever in  Walmart  Walmar! 😐
 Sodbusterk  Kevysansom Retro Walmart was kinda cool, or did they update and change that now too?
 onlinevsoffline
Walmart using checkbook to acquire talent. Looking to play catch up on earnings multiple.
via wwd
DrinkWell Wines: Why 2016 Bordeaux Is A Soul-Searching Surprise Vintage - Forbes 
At Walmart with my mom and little sister Nicole and out of nowhere she yells to my mom "ow grandma why did you hit me?!"
 ckord2017 I checked like 5 stores and walmart ended up being the only place with some
I HATE going to the grocery store ugh "the beeps" in Walmart makes my skin cringe every time somebody scans an item 😫
I wanna go to Walmart and do this. 
I remember when I dropped a 4pac starbucks at walmart when I was trying to scan it😩 It was such a shameful day😪
 DustinGiebel Target and Walmart?
The times I wish I was a full time producer and engineer..... FUCK WALMART 
I need to go walmart
The hypocrisy of  realdonaldtrump symbolic make American Buy American - So don't buy Trump products  grabyourwallet or shop at  Walmart
 Palazz0Bernardo No. Thats how it came from the deli at walmart
Beat Dark Circles like I did with  OlaySkin   28DaysofOlay   ad  28DaysofOlay  Walmart
 David_M_Piazza  bvorwerk Honestly its true tho....but you always hear crazy things happening at walmart
🔥Hanes Thermal  Pants for  5! 


( 9+ at Walmart & bonanza) 
🔥Hanes Thermal Pants for  5! 


( 9+ at Walmart  & bonanza) 
How will Wal-Mart continue to grow and take on Amazon? Possible Bonobos deal is in the works 
 MayTheFunkoBWY  Walmart so close 
en walmart
Brilliant picture, genius affordability. 
Sh** that happens in walmart !!! 
nude walmart free 
Walmart Buying Bonobos? What It Means for Its Digital Dreams  Walmart  AMZN
How will Wal-Mart continue to grow and take on Amazon? Possible Bonobos deal is in the works  Walmart  bhive 
 chasehendo84  YHDIT  Walmart  Bonobos Please, be true.
I go to Walmart for one thing I come out with things I don't need😅
They sell boxing gloves at Walmart go handle that 
 millstne *highkey 

but dude I found this shit in Walmart and it changed the game for me 
 mikeymanfs ❤️ your YouTube channel. You should do another speaker prank at Walmart 😂 btw I got your merch!
THIS WHITE WALMART WORKER JUST YELLS "ADIOS AMIGOS" DONT COME INTO HISPANIC HOME LIKE THIS
 brielocin  thejaemarshal  citygear Idk even know why I'm   in this but neither do I and I'd rock Walmart shoes 👟
Why yall gotta scare the white folk at walmart tho??? 
 illiteratum Walmart special, that
Up again 
 YHDIT  Walmart  Bonobos Please, don't be true.
 PRT  Allergies  Childrens Zyrtec Allergy Relief Citrus Flavor Dissolve Tabs 
Find me speeding to Walmart for the last of the 50% off Easter candy.
I wanna work at Walmart so bad
 jacobwgallagher hope his toenails are not green. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide know what I mean handsome??
 ThatOneGinger0  paige_murphy14  thatyoungrush No she was a Walmart card so she gets paid tomorrow.
 cartoonnetwork  Walmart  Todd_McFarlane Yay that's​ is cool 🤗
🔥Hanes Thermal Pants for  5! 


( 9+ at Walmart & bonanza) 
 CuteButVampire i ❤ walmart 😍😍 thanks!
 maisiertchie hello wizard. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. theres some in the common room
Citibank exec joins Walmart’s digital team 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Renton, WA 
Walmart Security Fail.. Cops Called 
Arkansas-based  Walmart in talks to buy  Bonobos!  chasehendo84 did you broker this deal? 
ANDY A WHITE MAN AT WALMART ASK J B KENNETH BLACK JAMAICAN N HAITIAN I DONT OWE Y'ALL NUN IM RAISING Y'ALL KIDS I DONT OWE Y'ALL NUN
ATTI:  ML09Purple 1100 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 4/18/2017 4:01:32 PM
Everyone who shops at Walmart is ugly
This happened to someone I know because their price was a little cheaper on Walmart. Be warned!  privatelabel… 
Walmart started making tres Leche's ... and my family decided no other type of cake exists
 LSMunicorn Keep up the good work! And thanks for helping to fight hunger in our communities across the US. -DA
Walmart Kylie 
 elitist_v Walmart loo
Walmart | Huffy Kids' Bikes from  39.97! - 
HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT...
I can get wax melts at Walmart for cheaper.🕯
That's a lot to spend for a pair leggings.... 
 laurenloca tell the team. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. or tell the person on your left
Head on over to Walmart to score this OxGord 48" Heavy Duty Foldable Double Door Dog Crate with Divider and... 
Last day to get those taxes done! 
The last bit of the old Walmart is about to come down  84thst  lavistapolice 
 FoxNews  POTUS So I guess Walmart is going to go out of business?
Walmart~ OxGord 48" Heavy Duty Foldable Double Door Dog Crate Just  59.95 Shipped ... - 
Very excited to be on the stage at  GoalSummit  SF w  MichelleDWag  evernote John Brothers  Walmart  billkutik /… 
I can't fuck w this Walmart in Philly omg 😂😂😂😂
myAppliances->10 safety rules for na... - The Apopka Voice 
ACT gonna be like
"Bernice goes and buys 37 watermelons from walmart."
Do you have the next great idea?  Walmart is looking for you. Learn how you can pitch your made-in-America product. 
I need to go to Walmart 😩 I wanna make some spaghetti
 Miamirealtygirl random yes, this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide but letting everyone know.  take care  gorgeous
Nah them smiley fruit snacks Walmart used to sell, banged 🐐 
Help  FightHunger when you shop at Walmart! 
I'm at Walmart in Virginia Beach, VA 
Shopping in Walmart and ease dropping on this attractive guys phone convo. and then he says "my tinder game is strong"

Nope! I walked away!
 MayTheFunkoBWY my mistake. I was hoping it would be more in line with the other walmart exlusives i.e. Jabba, sand… 
Pretty sure I just saw  DJPaulyD at green Walmart. I was gonna go double check but I didn't want to look like a weirdo 😂
If you go to Avs nail salon don't go there for pedicure . American nails by the new neighborhood Walmart that just opened >> see next tweet
 ateliermatangi That's not good! Please reach out to us at so we can look in to this issue. -Trav
 Walmart Is Talking About Economic Stability and Workforce Mobility. Here’s Why.   LinkedIn
Omg the Hawaiian ice guy is out at Walmart. I've been waiting since last year to get some 😩😍 oh em geeee.
Hey  Walmart you do realize cheap, thin, plastic bags just means people use MORE of them right? Stupid!!
 krboyd1 Your participation is awesome. Thank you! -DA
I can't believe they put a famous wok in Walmart lol
There are multi levels of agents, brokers & distributors are being eliminated in new  B2B &  B2C sectors,  Walmart &  HomeDepot led the way.
Feeding Your Dog High-Quality Affordable Food Just Got Easier with Nature's Recipe New at Wal... via  OurFamilyWorld
I just wish it was target and not Walmart 
I'm in a Walmart parking lot and some guy is singing I Kissed a Girl by Katy Perry
 davonia_s thanks for reminding me :(. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide backing away slowly now
 Veno_Marino Im fucking with that💯im on my way to walmart now
 girls of walmart nudes nastyblackteens 
 RyFol show me wendys and walmart
Shop lifting at Walmart
 sarah_grindrod A double at walmart for  30!
 MayTheFunkoBWY  Walmart want to order me one. I'm at work
Man under influence of LSD stabs 3, walks naked through Walmart 
They really in Walmart w/ these beautiful ass harmonies😭 
Literally just did that when I passed that fine ass Cro boy in Walmart 😂😭 
Saw someone get arrested at Walmart 🤙🏻
Blessed by Walmart 
Here comes FiestaSA! So I need to get grocery shopping in now at  Walmart  mejorcontingo 
 thatonyxchic Thank you for replying. Could you contact us at so we can look in to this matter? -Trav
My Baby Got That Walmart Job 😍 I
So, who is the gejius that thtught it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 phlavours catch me behind a walmart trying to get these Ike dollars
Walmart to Walmart makes me happy😌
 CommonSenseHour True. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide also true
If two guys with ponytails are in a Walmart bathroom at the same time, it automatically becomes a Dojo
Pretty Flowers in Yellow Pots. Had to photograph these beauties while in Walmart's Garden Center. Forgot to shoot... 
Walmart greeter fired after turkey wanders into retailer 
I liked a  YouTube video DOING YOUR DARES IN TARGET! SHOOTING THE TARGET TARGET! DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART
Proud to be a  womenowned small business! 💪 Thanks for the article,  SupermarketNews! 
 ivygirl16 Wonderful video! And we very much appreciate you taking part and encouraging others to do so as well. Thank you! -DA
 NewYorker Kardashian/Jenner fans are in the same demographic as Trump supporters and Walmart Black Friday shoppers… 
Mortician Tip: You can buy a casket for many, many dollars less online from Walmart, Costco, the manufacturer or a… 
Love Walmart CEO Doug McMillon's  HBR comment, "Strategy is hourly now." Insight into how today's CEOs must think.
 klauplunk Yeah i do that with ebay and starting to on amazon. Walmart doesnt have reviews on seller that i saw.
I mean, a bitch just might go to Walmart n pick up a camera if that means she'll get to meet u 👀👅 
 colbertlateshow show us your feet also!!!>.... this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide yep...
 DanWilsonff Pray for me....I'm headed to Walmart
 KelseyShelley14 Going to Walmart
and then there are the authors who give us our ship but then take it away to replace it with a walmart version. hin… 
If y'all don't go out to eat pho at 1am and have walmart adventures at 3am, thts not ur friend
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market Liquor with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 cookieesbonita Walmart have em i got these as a gift frm my g maw
Tops Jamaican Pep O Mint Tea Bags  ad 
Police believe this guy passed counterfeit checks at 3 different area Walmart stores, all in the same day! 
Tops Jamaican Lemon Grass Tea Bags  ad 
Girls Who Got A Little Too Naughty At Walmart by  beingaarianator via  c0nvey
Paws Up, Tail Wagging: Nature's Recipe Now Available At Walmart via  Melanyb12
 30 at Walmart. We needed things but now you can  reimburse us.  alphacouple  findom 
Win  300 in gift cards: Amazon, Target, and Walmart Giveaway! 
why we decided to take the freeway to Walmart is a question i'll never be able to answer 😂 
Walmart has gas now 👀
I'm at walmart rn and if anyone pops off I'm putting in a customer complaint :-)
 walmart  walmarthelp I added the Rey w/speeder to my online cart, but when I went to check out it was gone :( can you help me
 TheMarkRomano bigger problems in the world. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide in the galaxy... have a good one human
Xmas  GiftCard  Gift   250 Walmart gift card (free shipping with tracking)  GiftCards  Gifts 
Behold the  Crotilla!  Walmart is selling a new cross between a croissant and a tortilla:  odd  oddnews
Fuck you  Walmart
Item of the summer!  Banzai Boxing Gloves at your local Walmart!!  reg7heartoftexas  walmart… 
 bilizo  CNN Yup guess so. All that made in the USA crap better not show up in Walmart Canada.
Sometimes when I'm bored I go to Walmart by myself and buy things I don't need
Raditz: welcome to Walmart get your shit and get out
hi i watching porn at walmart lol then have a good pooping night love u all kiss kiss kiss
 DeLesslin Walmart uber alles
Furry raiders buy their shoes from Walmart that's a fact
 CourtniCarstens love walmart adventures w my nini 💘
The force tells us it will be back up in 30min or less... keep trying 
dest said im in Walmart high asf not functioning 😂
I liked a  YouTube video GETTING KICKED OUT OF WALMART! (HOW TO GET BoeingNNED FROM WALMART) BoeingLL PIT CHALLENGE
Rents in town update: Dad is now watching "a fistfight in Walmart" on his phone. When asked why he says he doesn't know.
Not the biggest fan of Walmart but they had a gluten free toaster for  8!!!  glutenfree 
I feel like Walmart is trying to phase out my job. I'm really worried I won't have one for long.
 Walmart  walmarthelp I was fine w/Rey being cancelled UNTIL she's been able to be bought by others AFTER my cancel email from you.
 Walmart turns up the heat on Amazon with new discounting program  nonshippingdiscounts 
 ChazzyBlaze We appreciate your continued support in helping others join us in the fight. You're awesome! -DA
ATTI:  ML09Purple 1100 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 4/18/2017 3:49:35 PM
 MeosoFunny retweet this. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide why? because you are the bomb!
Supersonic HDTV Outdoor Amplified Antenna for  21 + pickup at Walmart 
Supersonic HDTV Outdoor Amplified Antenna for  21 + pickup at Walmart

Dropped and broke a dozen eggs at Walmart, that's how this week has gone
Walmart's Push to Boost Online Fashion Presence With Acquisitions via  BoF (paid)… 
 upnorthrobyn  ossoff and speaking of  America. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. set your feet free
In Maryland/Pennsylvania for a field trip and went to Walmart specifically buy Herr's pretzels.
 klauplunk I will! I alwaya get a refund. The good thing with when ive ordered broken things with walmart they neve… 
 FemmePhoenixVO 
...

I'm tempted to buy it regardless
'Buy American' means Trump voters shouldn't shop Walmart, the home of Chinese made goods.
New post (Walmart greeter fired after turkey wanders into store) has been published on Hot News Trend US -… 
 Walmart  walmarthelp Not going away. Why did I have an order since last Thurs, then it got cancelled by you & she's being randomly sold?
They sell wine in Walmart yet in OK?
walmart is false advertisment talking about " low prices " 😑 i spent  70 on 10 items how thats low prices 💁🏽
 ItsMightyGoat Cinnamon challenge while playing home run derby with a blitz ball in Walmart for a wwe championship belt
City spends  430K to defend officers in Walmart shooting --> 
 Reflog_18 YEP. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide or NOPE
 rnixonjr  rarmenta_  POTUS Hey, dumbass, Walmart happily drove the jobs overseas.  Republican businessmen were the bus drivers.
 SicilianGirl208  CNNPolitics Sure stuff made here by ROBOTS Next time u use a self check out at Walmart u just cos… 
 girlsreallyrule  elizabethforma GIrls RUle!/ this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide really RULE
 MayTheFunkoBWY Instantly gone, as usual.... thanks for nothing  Walmart
Food and Walmart calling me
Someone get me a birthday cake from Walmart 😊
 xBladeWolfx I found a 64 gb flash drive at Walmart for 20
when u run into ur dentist at Walmart as ur eating all the Easter candy u just bought on sale
Children's book club selection of the week goes to  1 on best seller list at Walmart (photo)  WTH??? 
 FaZeApex go to Walmart and do the 3 weird  things challenge, " buy 3 weird things"
 Nickelback  mccallister8 I rather be working with nickelback then working at Walmart lol.😎
There was a lockdown at the Walmart I was just at 😱
 nude pics developed at walmart adult movie jobs 
 FaZeApex Toilet paper fort at home / in walmart
 dina_coates Thank you for joining us in the fight! -DA
Thank you so much for the in stock alert on the Rey w Speeder  Walmart ! I didn't get one  sarcasm
i give away water from  Walmart to protect children
 ItsKenzieWalker Yes im in hope at walmart i just got off
Just arrived home from school and walmart and bought an HDMI-DVI cable! Finally got both monitors working! :D
tinabeana12: Enter to win a tropical vacation w/ SourPatchKids & new Tropical Flavor at Walmart! …
 Cae___ they have them at Walmart for 10  bouta just gone head and make that move 😂
 BeingSingleMeans when the self checkout at Walmart says "unknown item in bagging area"
 vpwiggin Thanks for your reply. Please contact us at so we can address your concerns. -Trav
 willthethinker but does it say this. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide .. lets think about the issues here.
 CBSNews  tax day. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide  fungus week
Awesome stuff happening  Walmart 
The 13 hours shifts ain't bad, they're just about as exciting as a visit to Walmart before the first of the month.
I liked a  YouTube video SQUISHIES AT WALMART!! | VLOG
I got my red shirt at Walmart please dont tell anybody
 MSNBC The executive order on buy american means nothing.when walmart is one of the top sellers of products from Mexico. What a joke!
I'm in Walmart and I am DETERMINED to get Thrawn
 BadPornMovies Dumpster Lovers: Walmart addition.
 gunsense  ohio  ccw Concealed permit holder "accidentally" discharges at  Walmart on Friday 
 5hourenergy That's great, still a little over the Walmart price per unit though. I'll have to keep drinking pomegranate & berry in bulk...
Olla King at WALMART before the MEET AND GREET!!!: via  YouTube
When I spent an hour aimlessly wandering around Walmart not able to find half my list and today I find everything I need at cub in minutes
 Walmart Yes they are and thank you all for selling them at our store  1013 👏👏🌹
or was Walmart a lie ? when YOU LIED to Nina and told her you ran up on me when in reality you stood by the car and never said a word
 GrrrGraphics  SenSanders this is voluntary . this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. foot care section . enjoy the day
Why they had to do it in Walmart though 😭😭 
 oikawaomg LMFAOOO HAHAHA STOP 😂😂😂😂 tbh I thought Walmart stopped selling them bc they cleared the shelf but then t… 
 Walmart  FightHunger is a cause dear to my heart. Thanks to  TexasTwoHull for showing me a way to support!
 TrumpDefense defend your feet. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide jus as necessary .
I'm in Walmart and I see this baby boy throwing a tantrum with his mother and grandmother. I'm laughing because they can't control him
 hot ladys doing sex hotties of walmart 
 Rica_DoesIt Be patient, I see it popping up everywhere now. Even Walmart lets you shop online & p/u from the parking lot
 cartoonnetwork  Walmart  Todd_McFarlane Do what you love. Draw what you like.  DustykidWorld   quote  QOTD  comics… 
How will Wal-Mart continue to grow and take on Amazon? Possible Bonobos deal is in the works  ecommerce  digital 
So  Walmart is about to buy  Bonobos 🤔
 theofficenbc  fungus happens in the office. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. everyones wa… 
This is at Walmart 
 ABCWorldNews discontinued. Walmart. Sam's Club. 
Lol dude on Facebook said he been waiting 4 hours for the P to fall so he could sue Walmart 
Enter To Win An Arm & Hammer Bundle & A  50 Walmart Gift Card via Free Prize Giveaways in 2015 No ... 
Thank you to the managers of Avon, IN  Walmart for your kindness❤️ 40 from your own wallet to donate snacks to my… 
 hames303 1) Lil Pump's* 2) Nah nigga I'm just Boolin 3) He got some funny ass tweets, such as the Walmart Tweet. Don't   me
 adamjmoussa random for a random. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide.  take care human
Wal-Mart in Talks With Bonobos 
This is Walmart 1242 getting it done 
 Walmart  Walmarthelp You cancelled my Rey Funko order and people are STILL able to get her. WHY DID YOU CANCEL MY ORDER??? Please answer
Y'all aidah peed in the floor at Walmart...and a worker seen her 🤦🏻‍♀️
 SueaSunset  jdavis808  LisaWerkmeister  Isha_G2  TIME Now walmart couldn't legal tell you that. 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Tampa, FL 
Tax day fun fact: by paying employees so little that they need Medicaid, SNAP, etc.  20 in taxes per American directly benefits Walmart.
 Alifaith55 and retweet this also. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide, have we seen his feet… 
Potential Bonobos Acquisition Shows This Isn’t Your Father’s Walmart 
Walmart | clearance | They weren't ready for Us !!!! via  YouTube  crazy  walmart  cheap  family
Whatever the fuck this is -  7
• Pretty sure this isn't waterproof 
• Gets the job done
• Funky AF
• Link:… 
UPDATE: Walmart is out of normal shades of blue paint and now idk what to do about my cooler
Crazy all those protest is not wanting to buy clothes bcuz of previous clothing reputation, not business practices 
 CNN ...he says speaking to the People of Walmart 
...he says as his daughter imports from China
...he says building with foreign steel
 CNN  cnnbrk whites that buy made in china stuff at walmart can be stared at.. U stare at them.. and stare at them… 
 _Makada_ well then. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide lets talk about Walmart.
 MayTheFunkoBWY  Walmart nope
still scarred by my trip to walmart. It was a hell-hole being in there.
 ABCPolitics  POTUS Americans 😂 screaming made in USA and Jobs!! -but will still shop at Walmart because they care… 
 WellSpent Is Walmart Buying Bonobos?. Read Blog: 
 HBCU_WORLDSTAR Was messing with one saw him at Walmart with his wife and 2 kids 🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️
 EastRanFan Wow, we bet those are gonna look beautiful in your garden. Great pick! -DA
I want to share because I tried this out today and it was Awesome!! I shopped online, chose a pick up time... 
Walmart is a very dangerous store😅
 NinaEnfermaa_  MayaAMonroe I'm gonna have to take my happy ass to walmart
 _ashlizzle Girrrrlllllll Walmart? 😂
 keithboykin shouldn't we worry about this . this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. we should right ??
 plusgoon I've seen them in every gas station and Walmart !
someone go to walmart w me & get cheap easter candy :(
 WHISKEYTITS i like the elf products. they are affordable and better than a lot of stuff i have tried, plus i belie… 
Weak ass Walmart & Sam's 👎🏽
 charliekirk11 hey chuck. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. lets tell everyone we see today
Family guy quote: "Are we really buying fish at the same place we buy tires?"

 Walmart
Ooooh I found the Walmart office supply section. Things are about to get really savage.  NativeWithANotepad
Walmart is selling a tortilla-croissant hybrid and we’re not sure how to feel about it 
i just had the most spiritual walmart trip
 HotepJesus  Nakidape With such low prices I wonder if Walmart will come out with their own brand of slaves at roll back prices.
Eating all the leftover Easter candy, but the manager of this Walmart looks mad.
The Walton Family could contribute half of their wealth, get all Walmart employees off public assistance and off the taxpayers' dime  ROC
Hey love I'm transferring to Waukegan Walmart  live_unique18
It irks me that out of all the salads at Walmart only two don't have meat and they're both sweet salads. 😤😷  Walmart
 TimMcGraw / Love Story [WALMART-EXCLUSIVE  CD, 2014, Curb] - NEW! - 14 classics 
 SenGillibrand just as important. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide . helping the world. and the universe....
All five lions in stock at Walmart, so incredibly tempting 
 togirl123 Knew you would get it.... Those stories that you would tell me about Walmart trips for formula..... 
does walmart have discounted peeps though
 _kdwight Don't buy Walmart shoes next time hun 
Found a better laptop at Walmart. By the time I get the money, it'll probly be gone. But, I still want it. 
 BrendaSancz Walmart
Nothing gives me more of a laugh, than when people on Facebook who likely hang out in the WalMart parking lot, misquote Tucker Max.
 guyrelford Because children dont see alcohol at walmart, kroger, cvs...
More up 
My mom called & asked did I go to the store yet I said "no I need a nap to prepare for Walmart after dealing w stupid customers at work" 😂
This is the conversation  MiddleAmerica shld b having. It's not  CoastalElites who are ruining things for you, it's… 
 miniminter but chip is a walmart justin bieber
 MayaAMonroe  Mrs_McFly88 I saw them at walmart
The Celebration Exclusive Funko Rey with Speeder is up for order on Walmart's site.... 
 regislutter I'm sorry to hear that! Could you contact us about your order at so we can look in to it? -Trav
 Simpsons_tweets hey homer. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. since you asked
Me and the boys are taking down Walmart with us
Watching Youtube, "Walmart Customers"... I dare you. You can't look away...
I want to be a firefighter. Or I want to be a linemen. Or live with my mom and work at Walmart the rest of my life.. too many options.
 realDonaldTrump let the world know. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. keep taking care of business
DrinkWell This Redditor Proves Wine Decanting Works For Beauty Products, Too - Refinery29… 
3,200 stores I'll never miss - now that  Walmart will ships most stuff for free. 
The 10 Rules of Sam Walton: Success Secrets for Remarkable Results:  Walmart  walmart  business  entrepreneurship
He  said damn baby your top shelf look like Walmart.I got everything cleaning supplies tissue chips waters, tea  candy  hair products 😂🤷🏾‍♀️
Your Jordans may be nice but it doesn't change the fact you shop at Walmart for clothes
Supersonic HDTV Outdoor Amplified Antenna for  21 + pickup at Walmart  TVdeals  bestTVdeals
 tariqnasheed I don't care what color they are, they were all behaving poorly in public. I don't go to Walmart. Peo… 
New Post: How to Save Money with the Walmart App’s Savings Catcher 
No reason why you should be bring downing the success of ow as an esport just because you want to be the ow WalMart
Fuck around and get lost at a walmart??
Smelling like korn and walmart perfume haha
 _kdwight  StateDreamer Hey hey! I have never had an issue with Walmart shoes
do walmart stay got gfs
 ManOfSteel37013  Werewolfofsalem  Jasonvo56748869  Friday13thGame What's even worse is you called Gamestop when th… 
 DevinJ231  Walmart Hey Devin, come at us
Walmart | clearance | They weren't ready for Us !!!!: via  YouTube
Reminds me of the guy at Walmart yesterday 😒😂 would not leave me alone even though I said I had a boyfriend 🙄
 Walmart and  Target could beat  Amazon on  drone  delivery  retail 
This and more 
 CNN Don't shop at Walmart then.
I was in Walmart and this lady stopped me to ask about my makeup and what I was wearing and I literally spent 15 minutes talking to her lol
Handy Heater  7 or LESS at Walmart!
Go Here -->> 
 lindseykfinner hey RN this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. happy Tuesday
LMFAO ARE THEY IN A WALMART? 
 sashaesgarden I need to look around. Amazon is a bust because I can get most things for way cheaper. My fav yarn i… 
going to walmart high is not the best decision
I want to know when tampons became so expensive.  Box of 50 was almost  10. & thus was at Walmart.
You must watch this once please share it with your friends  and family  safeway  fredmayer  walmart  groceryoutlet 
RW: Sams Club, and parent Walmart, were included, he said, because retailers have a responsibility to ensure the product they sell is safe.
Get involved! Join  Walmart 3 different ways to help  FightHunger & support a local  FeedingAmerica food bank  CSR
Walmart Launches First-of-its-Kind Cash Pickup Option for Tax Refunds 
Clearance Easter Candy at Walmart from  3 + pickup at Walmart 
 joydeeyaa Or Michael's and/or any arts store. Fuck Walmart. Lol
 PhantomShaman Hi Tom, could you tell us which Walmart location you visited?
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 102 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 4/18/2017 3:29:50 PM
The walmart phone app actually works pretty well and helps you find where in the store the item you want is.
 yas_mania bro the ones all outside Walmart on that Joanne the scammer type shit 😂
coworker tryin to sell me a autographed & framed national championship Trent Richardson jersey.I said girl bye I saw him in walmart 3wks ago
Tae had me in Walmart tryna steal shit smfh!
I can't find anything made in USA at Walmart.
Use your voice to  FightHunger and  Walmart will donate up to  1.5 mil to  FeedingAmerica to help people in need:… 
DONT DO IT!!!  Walmart  bonobosninjas  Bonobos
This older Asian dude greeted me at the Walmart line and kept smiling at me... wtf lmao
Congratulations to Peyton who was our lucky winner for the  50 gift card to Walmart! 🏆 Want to be a winner like... 
This may be the thinking behind Walmart's acquisition spree. 
Walmart probably lol.
These ppl fighting at Walmart 😂
Walmart gets into the startup business with men’s clothier Bonobos 
 ItsMightyGoat Play kickball with random people in Walmart
 adickinson118 First get in contact with the Walmart customer service n they'll get in contact with the seller. Som… 
 StateDreamer true :( fuck walmart
Got a promotion at Walmart today , they gave me a cake and everything lol they weird
Omnichannel too slow. New move is to buy your way into better ecommerce / brick&mortar mix (Walmart / Jet, Pet Smart / Chewy, Uni /   Shave)
I have a gospel playlist for mental preparation before I go in a Walmart.
 offtopicah Especially the video in Walmart.
 Acosta Do the GOP/People of Walmart promise to stop buying cheap imported crap?
 Walmart Debuts 100th Training Academy 
 elderjedimaster  _MintSim 6 months   95. About what I paid for 3 months 1GB Walmart Family. If Mint only lasts 3 m… 
That is why I never go to Walmart 😤
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Walmart Beauty Box - Winter
Anyone else having a really horrible month in  sales on  clips4sale or do I just suck this bad at Life?
I'm better off greeting at Walmart.
Why does the Walmart parking lot off Bowman always smell like weed? 😅😅
 klauplunk Walmart because i had a gift card i needed to use up. This seller charged me  3 for shipping.
Wal-Mart seeks online fashion presence through acquisitions 
This car full of dudes pulled up in front of me at Walmart & would not take no for an answer when I told them I don't want to give them my  
 GenericMisaka nah dude walmart like 30 minutes away
Me and about to fight.  PickUpProblems
- Mainstays 3-Shelf Bookcase, Multiple Finishes  23.71 (
hey y'all know they sell the taco bell nacho cheese at walmart now 😊👌🏼
Walmart trips are my fave
wow thanks for the  10 walmart giftcard, great grandma
Woman lures young kids away from homes and uses them to shoplift in Walmart

I really hate going to the Walmart in the east
Drunk Man Confronts Former MMA Fighter Outside a Walmart, With Unexpected Result | Bl… ➜… 
 Lee_Culpepper Thank you for spreading the word! Your support is much appreciated. -Kai
 GilIettelraq bruh do they not have walmart where you live get a new fuckin' key cut
 rylota  InfluensterVox  Maybelline Me too its at walmart for around 12  I believe  contest  maybelline  MNY24K
go to goodwill and maybe buy a dining room table or something. also need to swing by walmart.
Do we think the employees of Walmart (largest employer) can afford Snap-on tools?  buyamericanhireamerican
Just fought the barbarians at Walmart and survived so I'll take that as a win.
 spiralingdown
 therecanonlybeone
 d_wiggs Why does a packed Walmart have 2 lanes open ?
Seriously,  Walmart? Have you seen  PeopleOfWalmart? Or  sweatshops? Turkeys aren't even in the top 10.  StayClassy 
For a  television with  freeshipping and  awesome prices   deals  save
 threesquareLV Hi! Just tried to donate at my local Walmart... Cashier said they haven't programmed your CODE in yet... ZERO donations!!!
Walmart: Discovery Kids 14 in 1 Solar Powered Robot Kit Only  15.95 Shipped (reg.  34.99) 
i wanna know why they chose walmart of all places to do this at 
 dmproulx12 Yes! Thank you for your support. -Kai
Boy: So, you like bad boys? Girl: Yeah. Boy: Well, not to impress you or anything but at Walmart I enter through the exit
i picture hell being a lot like the walmart parking lot in east stroudsburg
Too Far: Getting upset over a fishing license ... really? Apparently, the guy likes to fish… 
WIN a  100 Walmart Shopping Spree 
Yo  Walmart if my milk expires a week before the expiration date one more time, you're all catching hands
Deals: Mainstays 3-Shelf Bookcase, Multiple Finishes  23.71 (
All white ppl NEED black friends just show we can show y'all how to dress it's time to retire the sketchers and Walmart shoes
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist The Universim Gameplay | PARAGON UPDATE, BUILDING WALMART PART 1
 Digitalmiles Thanks for joining the fight! -Kai
 Laj_TooCool  SourpowerDre and afterwards. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide . handle that MBoeing !
Walmart asks entrepreneurs to pitch 'Made in USA' products via  thepressofac
Everyone in this Walmart acts like they've never seen a black person. This town is exhausting🙄
 DerkMerty420 The big bottle was  9.99 at Publix & only  8.49 at Walmart. WTF!
Walmart is all about profits!!!    An open letter to the rude cashier at Walmart via  
Cary Walmart stay jumping
When you go to walmart and buy whiteytighties just to play ps4 and eat Cheetos  shirtless..
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Prescott, AZ 
 MLB  Indians 2016  Topps WALMART HOLIDAY SNOWFLAKE  MichaelBrantley  HMW133 INDIANS FREE S 
 SueaSunset  jdavis808  Isha_G2  TIME I know that when I worked at Walmart and was asking for a place to pump I had… 
Wal-Mart shelves plans for Manchester supercenter 
 TheUniversim The Universim Gameplay | PARAGON UPDATE, BUILDING WALMART PART 1 via  YouTube
bitch you won't fight at all 😂 you bucked the fade when I went to ur nigga house, called your ppl at Walmart and di… 
Amazon’s hydrogen-powered forklifts are its latest attempt to beat Walmart in the e-commerce war


I liked a  YouTube video The Universim Gameplay | PARAGON UPDATE, BUILDING WALMART PART 1
ATTI: ML10Brown Bus 157 running Mtn. Hts., Crown & Grafton Rd. has arrived   the Grafton Rd. WalMart: 4/18/2017 3:20:49 PM
RTouchPoints: Walmart Close To Buying Bonobos For  300 Million 
 leesslyy__ or the cream to my infections... this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide anyway have a good one
Online air cmft/qlty shoppers at walmart pay avg  58, how does this compare w brick & mortar? Get the answer here 
The walmart workings so outta pocket they said hella loud as my friend and I walk by " damm that bitch got a fat ass " 😭😂😂
Why do consumers flock to marketplaces hosted online by  amazon,  eBay,  Sears,  Etsy and  Walmart-owned  Jet?… 
I see  crybaby  ShepardSmith complaining about prices going up on all the junk in Walmart
Clearance Easter Candy at Walmart from  3 + pickup at Walmart

1: Another  DelRey scoop. Last one was Friday (so he probably has another coming this week. 
This lil thot ass walmart employee bouta make me salty
 Walmart explores purchase of  Bonobos in another key move in the  eCommerce wars. 

Why Tony from 13 Reason Why looks like a Walmart version of Bruno Mars 🤔😂
Walmart Close To Buying Bonobos For  300 Million 
You can earn a  5 Walmart eGift Card when you buy  10 worth of Diet Dr Pepper®  ad 
 4everChagrin That's what i keep telling him. I took him to Walmart & a few other stores to show him just how much… 
Walmart: Disney Frozen 6-Volt 3-Wheel Scooter Only  49 Shipped (Regularly  99) 
Can someone bring me a big bag of skittles? I'm talkin bout the size you get from Walmart 😊 please & tank you...
 ShepNewsTeam mention Walmart you would know nothing about Walmart or real life for that matter.
Is Walmart hiring? 🤔
Tired of Walmart trashy ass service.
 MikeReiss and speaking of football. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. how about that
 HeyBrim U buy that at walmart u bum
. TopCashBackUSA just shopped at walmart through this and got 3% back!! i'm so happy walmart offers store pick up n… 
You hear that it will drive up costs for Americans at Walmart. I call BULLSHIT. None of what's being done is in a vacuum.
Did I go through Walmart's seasonal aisle for 1/2 off Easter candy? Yes.

Did I buy fruit punch Peeps? Yes.

Will I regret this? Unclear.
 TeeBiggs I want to disagree.  But it's not that far off.  I've probably seen this guy at Walmart before. And this… 
I had an old lady give me the stink eye at Walmart bc I said "shit" as I was singing along w/a song on the radio. So my day is complete.
Walmart in bmt have the worst customer service I stg
 SVC_Bearcats  duqedu  sports_pgh congrats. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. moving along now
Weird  Legal News Update: Walmart and the 'Clean Toilets' Fishing License Libel Lawsuit 
i was walking in a Walmart ial next to somebody tryin to make my way to the makeup area and she turned to me trying to go into a different
"Wal-Mart and Amazon Are Buying Their Way to the Top"  Amazon  WalMart  competition
Look for Amazon and Walmart to invest in big box operations that will also serve as distribution centers. 
 3.3 Billion to win in  eCommerce.  Walmart buys  Jet.com to battle  amazon.  Let the games begin!

I'm standing behind this girl at Walmart and I just blurted out that I love her makeup...
Walmart has Olive Garden salad dressing in case anyone was wondering 😏 
In March, Walmart acquired  Modcloth. In February,  acquired Moosejaw and in January, bought ShoeBuy . 
One upshot of the  Walmart-Amazon pricing war:  discounts  shoppers
‼️Attn‼️ Reese's Peanut Butter Eggs are only 37 cents at  Walmart. 😍  byediet  yum
 juleshohman  InfluensterVox  Maybelline Love!! Saw these at walmart   contest  maybelline  MNY24K
These chinese people really tried me yday.  Never go to walmart and get ya nails done.
I liked a  YouTube video DOING YOUR DARES IN WALMART 4 (INTERCOM PRANK, DODGEBoeingLL)
You Can Save All Your Walmart Checks, To Blow It On Sections In Miami Only To Come Home And Grind 6months to get it back🤦🏾‍♂️
sick of call centers so i applied at walmart for the hell of it & actually got the job 😂🙌🏼
 Toy  Cars: Hot Wheels BoeingTMAN Movie Series WALMART Exclusive 6  Car Set 
 Walmart I finally successfully order, and my order is cancel after placing it. Any help ?
Tu-Bug's mom bought clothes in walmart and now we changing in the bathroom and nairing her legs😂😭 
 uexpectme2talk Bet they don't have them in Canadian Walmart
 Walmart going clicks,  Amazon going bricks; what's up with  retail ? 
Just posted a video   Walmart High Point - N Main St 
 Walmart:

Walmart Buying Bonobos? What It Means for Its Digital Dreams:


So this little guy was on my car yesterday when I left Walmart. I expected him to be gone this morning, but he was… 
We lost my dad at Walmart. Again
 amacattackkk  AirGordon_ let him tell it he owned that particular Walmart 😒😂
i fucking hate walmart ive been walking around for at least 10 mins
 LazyOaksInn  1200CreativeInn  gunnette  PlantSpa  daveo515  TooSmall  HomeDepot  Walmart  Lowes for the  DirtyJob more like giant fish tank
Enter to win a  25 Walmart or Target Gift Card via Couponing 4 You - HOT GIVEAWAY ALERT!! Enter to ... 
Bigger than Walmart's purchase of Jet. breaking from  DelRey
Supersonic HDTV Outdoor Amplified Antenna for  21 + pickup at Walmart - 
 NFCC Yes my mom loves to cut coupons I also used retail me not and walmart savings catcher  cfls17
I know all the spots in walmart where surveillance cameras don't cover. It's where the employees text.
Go  BeyondTheSandwich w/ a Turkey Apple Brie Flatbread! It is quick, easy & perfect for entertaining!
 AD  Walmart… 
I hate going to the Walmart on 9th by myself
 eprretailnews Very much appreciate you taking part. Thank you! -Kai
 christinacook96 Walmart lol
my legs look horrible walmart stupid ass pallets
 realDonaldTrump When trump pays no federal tax that's welfare. When Americans pay Walmart employees to have health… 
Nature’s Recipe Dog Food Now at Walmart 
 grandmajulie603 Fantastic! Your help is very much appreciated. -Kai
🤦🏾‍♂️ It'd make was more sense for me to buy a 24 pack of water from  Walmart instead of spending  3 or more at the vending machine everyday
 DM27 Remember talking to Coke about 20 years ago - biggest global customers then were Walmart, Blockbuster, IKEA & the US Army
 ampressman Broader point is Amazon & Walmart are gobbling up a greater and greater share of consumer spending. Killing smaller rivals.
I'm pretty sure the sj  Walmart only hires the retards who FAIL that common sense test you take when you apply for a job.
I was supposed to stop by Walmart after work but my undershirt was killing me goddddd
Nature's Recipe Grain Free Dog Food at Walmart 
chanel vs walmart  13ReasonsWhy 
 j0cey Wonderful! Thanks for joining the fight. -Kai
 LouievLuis just don't get fungus. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide its all you need
Walmart's SVP GMM to lead Susan G. Komen Ozark Race for the Cure 
Walmart to offer local entreepreneur's product 
Walmart asks entrepreneurs to pitch 'Made in USA' products 
N.J. Entrepreneurs, Pitch Your Products To Walmart 
 cartoonnetwork  Walmart  Todd_McFarlane AWESOME! Can't wait! Hopefully we can preorder! I will buy all the sets.
I liked a  YouTube video Laxative Prank Fail w/ Walmart Challenges
Nature's Recipe Premium Dog Food Now Available At Walmart! 
 brother and sister sex story walmart girls 
 PandiVicious Yes! Thank you for joining the fight. -Kai
 D_Rod_32 oh that peter. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. good man!
It's super convenient that Walmart has Pickup service now!  WalmartCanada  ThisIsWhatShoppingLooksLike WalmartPickup  ad
Mr Pass   Walmart High Point - N Main St 
I really wanna go to Walmart but I don't wanna go by myself 🤦🏾‍♀️
I never been back and forth to Walmart so much 😂 this is ridiculous
Walmart. 😂 
 Zeurel I actually have to thank you bc your tweet reminded me about Discount Candy Day last night, and Walmart did… 
FUCK LIT FIREWORKS IN WALMART
DIY: PicassoTiles used with a LED light strip (under  15 at Walmart)
 PicassoTiles  DIY 
It's crazy how fast you can drop  300 shopping at the mall .. this is why I shop at Walmart
[ Starter for  fuckoffwade ]

Hands in his pockets, friendly but mischievous grin plastered all over his face, he walks into Walmart. -
 Rajan_Kaila Fantastic! Thanks for spreading the word. -Kai
The People of Walmart and the people at the DMV should be in the same category
Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos 
- so sick of Walmart .
I hate when people ask me for directions. Like I can't even make it the same Walmart I always go to WITH my maps.
Paws Up, Tail Wagging: Nature's Recipe Now Available At Walmart via  Melanyb12 
 PointChaser Just do it. It will be so worth it. Try Costco or Walmart. They don't seem to laugh at some of the things people return 😜
 ghfbEndHunger Thank you for taking part! It is much appreciated. -Kai
 AberdeenNews  Vikings  chadgreenway52  WolvesAthletics  fungus is also a big deal. this is the best  antifungal Wa… 
WIN A HAIR STEAMER!  1  hairgrowthsystem since 1998 is now available at walmart &  sallybeauty… 
Join  reuters Editor & Reporter  Krolicki for an interview with  Walmart’s Exec. VP   the  TRFinRisk Summit NYC… 
 lizbethh7887 Bought it at Walmart
soooo a whole ass jug of snapple is  1 sum at walmart..BET😁💕
 GroovinGary Thank you for joining the fight! -Kai
lol at this framing: "Walmart Is Doing a Real-Life Test — Are American Shoppers More Cheap Than They Are Lazy?" 
 eTailNews 
Walmart close to making deal for Bonobos 
 kevo2252 Thank you for taking part! Together we can make a difference. -Kai
 jaypo1961  melissaykim could be worse... this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. yes
Am I really gonna drop  11 on some Walmart looking headphones just cause I left my 4 Pairs at home🤧🤒
Walmart self checkout line is always an experience 😬
 Jim_Halisstrad That's price comparison, and you don't wave a Walmart ad at a Best Buy counter expecting capitulati… 
Idle Thought:  Facebook is like  Walmart. They can’t leave stuff where it is.
 Missy_Burke_ it happens. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide but , do your feet look fine >>?
that i like to watch at walmart parking lot 
Libby the lazy orange goose from Walmart,
The  Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays  CorporateWelfare  CorporateGreed via  usatoday
Live Webinar - 4/19: How Walmart Manages And Optimizes Online Promotions 
Fresh from purchase, Walmart digital chief Marc Lore eyes Bonobos 
20170417 Walmart 1 x sonicare kids toothbrush  39.95  psundeal  syw15of30
 thejaemarshal  ThatdudeCALE  citygear let your gf buy you some walmart shoes 🤒
 tbhrashid Walmart 😗
so much yes 
When did Walmart start saleing jordans💀💀👀
 MeehanLinda I could tell the story as a Walmart story, but people would never believe that I was actually there shopping  kidding
walmart is an experience
Maybe you should look at everything sold at Walmart... it's all made in China, as is target, most of Kmart... your… 
 randys_88 Lmao naw those looked like Jammies not Walmart approved pjs
 Dean_aaaa  Defy_the_Fates Also, Walmart has a wine isle. 😍
Bailing out companies has never worked Walmart's E-commerce Strategy: Pure Genius Or Venture Capitalist Bailout Fund 
Wireless Expert has the smart phone for you!
 WirelessExpert  SmartPhone  Carriers

this random old white guy stopped me at walmart for a random converstation...the people of walmart are mysterious creatures..
My life is about as organized as the  5 DVD bin at Walmart. Wish I was exaggerating.
I'm having contractions   Walmart 😭 can this baby of mine pop already !!! 😫
Walmart turns up the heat on Amazon with new discounting program 
I hate walmart 
- Daily savings center - Your hottest offers of today at Walmart
20170418 raise 1 x Walmart GC  37.01  jbai2014  syw15of30
 WalMart is back on the prowl! The  retail giant is finalizing negotiations to acquire  Bonobos.  ecommerce
Good news for existing brick and mortar stores: 
 therealfarlow Thank you! Your support is much appreciated. -Kai
I mean, just look at this majestical motherfucker!!
He basically yelled FUCK OFF at me as I tried to grab him and f… 
 JediGoW mine just fucked up too, Walmart better replace it 😫
 AprilDRyan Walmart for these 
About to roll into Walmart looking like a swamp rat.
rlly don't feel like walmart hopping so i'll just get it when i go to monroe
 domeenriquez Yaaa Walmart
Every Walmart sold out of plan B😂😂
 99_goonsquad Walmart thats my location 😂
 abergs Thank you! Together we can make a difference. -Kai
 ilub2sing be prepared. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. know what  I mean? share since oyu are awesome
Are there such things as quick Walmart runs 🤔🤔 
 Pekitos1121 Did she come from Walmart? lol
I'm making my  taxrefund stretch for miles by shopping for Samsung electronics  Walmart.  ad… 
DrinkWell Promo Firms Contending With Rising Fuel Costs - Advertising Specialty Institute… 
The Walmart Tax Every American Taxpayer Pays 
 DrChuckGeoNole I'm pretty sure you're confused on one point: you HAD to be in Walmart, not high class "Tar-jay".
Grocery shopping later (  Walmart Supercenter in Henderson, NV w/  boltonnut) 
Nothing pisses me off more then Lazy people at Walmart who don't put their carts away
 aruprupc Fantastic! Thank you for joining the fight. -Kai
Thought value packs were suppose to be a better deal walmart fail.  notabetterdeal… 
 DJCes Lol I was like "windows? In walmart?" But I got you 😂
 siscoooooooo Do you know if I could I tag along with a Costco member or do I have to be a member to get the exam??… 
 SamsungPayUS Just had another failed attempt at Walmart. Looks like you MUST process payment as CREDIT after brief convo with cashier.
"Sean was adopted at Walmart."
"Sean was sold in the black market."
Things the middle school boys say on my bus.
 Singer  TimMcGraw / Love Story [WALMART-EXCLUSIVE  CD, 2014, Curb] - NEW! - 14 classics 
Must be a reason why the cartons of eggs at walmart are 26 cents. Probably expired.
I hope Walmart isn't packed right now
Walmart supercenter Supercenter grocery stores appliance stores hardware stores super huge shoe store  CrossXTheLine
That was the quickest Walmart run in the history of my Walmart runs.
Walmart manager denies me a price match for another Walmart store..  Walmart you should have you employees learn your policies
Why you run sis when walmart 24 hrs n cheaper 
 uhleckseee I've done Walmart before actually...definitely on the cheap end. I think Costco does em too?
I liked a  YouTube video 88 Year-old Walmart Greeter FIRED Because Wild Turkey Walked Into Store
You can't make this shit up. 😂 
Falling Prank In Walmart (We Got Kick Out): via  YouTube
 ashtonhardeman Pretty much yeah. Unless you're super qualified for something special, or get really lucky, the onl… 
We just had a real Basic B day. FedEx, Laundry drop off, Skipper's (country breakfast food), & mall to get 1 nail fixed, & trip to Walmart.
Went into Walmart for one thing... walked out spending  100. 🤦🏻‍♀️
thank you walmart for stocking the hottest games, 
 MarkDice They make it easier and easier for themselves to listen to our conversations, before you know it they'll… 
Today, I went to Walmart- I saw a shirt that said "Made in America".  I read the tag.  It stated the same words in Spanish.
I quit from this Walmart without giving a notice and now they've rehired me in the garden centre to lift manure bags, am I being punished?
Walmart Supercenter 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Henderson, TX 
How will Wal-Mart continue to grow and take on Amazon? Possible Bonobos deal is in the works  LosAngelesTimes  lat…
 TwintailHellcat Why blue dawn?  I got green walmart generic right now.
I'm pretty sure I need a  StevenUniverse construction set, even if I have to get it at Walmart. 
 Nele_Geeh is he ignoring his feet ?? this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide. just in case
ICYMI: New  StevenUniverse construction sets coming EXCLUSIVELY to Walmart this August, c/o Todd_McFarlane! 🌟💎✨ 
 Sincerelyrosie_  _guamanian_ Had a great time at Walmart huh
 walmart Horrible service..... Customer service needs to change.... SO SICK OF THE ATTITUDES THESE EMPLOYEES HAVE!!! HATE YOUR JOB THEN QUIT
 t_jh2009  publiclandlvr  Wild_Tribute  naturetechfam  RCGibby73  Stars252525  ParksandPoints  rscottjones… 
While on training the trainor ask!
Who is the owner of walmart
Agent: sam
Trainor: sam who?
Me: sam mangubat😂😂

Kahit sa trabaho dala2 kita😂
How will Wal-Mart continue to grow and take on Amazon? Possible Bonobos deal is in the works (LA Times) 
Got my Walmart beauty sample box today.
Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp: Summer is comming! 
; going to Walmart and spending  70 solely on allergy medication. What is my life? 😂😷🤧
New post on my blog: N.J. Entrepreneurs, Pitch Your Products To Walmart 
 c_hudds or be nice to them. this is the best  antifungal Walmart .com has  tineacide give them bottles
I hate when patients ask if I'm even old enough to be a nurse... nope I just bought this stethoscope from a Doc McStuffin's kit at Walmart
 Walmart generates  3,000,000.00 in revenues every 7 minutes
deylinn at walmart

'U rly wanna do this in front of Ur kid bruh'
 mamaxashlee We got it at Walmart! In the baby section where we got the little mermaid blanket!! Lilly is OBSESSED… 
Walmart Gift Card | Free Walmart Gift Cards | get  500 Walmart gift cards via  YouTube
on Company analysis for WalMart Corporation Essay Paper
ICYMI: New  StevenUniverse construction sets coming EXCLUSIVELY to Walmart this August, c/o Todd_McFarlane! 🌟💎✨ ca…
Tank & the Bangas x Walmart 😍
 OfficialFIYM  RealRickyGarcia Is  BiggerFatterliar in Walmart?
 sgtjanedoe The Walmart?
Was wearing my SF tags in Walmart and some guy tried to say wearing fake dogtags is a form of cultural appropriation and I'm still laughing
Chanel vs Walmart. 
"I will kill again unless you shop at Walmart's bulk discount store!" 
MAY 12 MOTHERS DAY WEEKEND LAUGH n CHILL is BoeingCK!!!! Get Your tickets at WALMART or online or… 
 toriisthecraic I'll never forget you stalking Walmart for that damn hat
Or what about one of those little children's cadillacs they sell at Walmart?
 59NationalParks  publiclandlvr  Wild_Tribute  naturetechfam  RCGibby73  Stars252525  ParksandPoints  rscottjones… 
 house_wifelife Girl, I ran my toddler's hand over with the shopping cart in Walmart, ripping his fingernail off, r… 
Need some aloe with lidocaine. Got a massive sunburn yesterday lol (  Walmart Supercenter) on  Yelp 
Check out my classroom on! I'd love your help to bring my project to life:   Walmart  BankofAmerica  exxonmobil
Brawl at California Walmart stuns Easter shoppers

Need somewhere to buy DVD's and Box Set Seasons. Walmart is just not cutting it due to poor inventory. Always shopp… 
Walmart stocker: sorry we're out of that

Baby Boomer: *blank stare of disgust because it's obviously the stocker's fault*
The  walmart customer service rep put me on eternal hold so I couldn't actually participate in the online survey
It's always some shit going DOWN IN Walmart 👀🤦🏽‍♂️ 
 secretlymilk Walmart!! There should be a little vegetarian section in the frozen aisle
About to have my job interview at Walmart. Kinda sorta nervous but hoping for the best.
Walmart turns up the heat on Amazon with new discounting program via  ChainStoreAge
I am so angry 😠😠😠😠😠😠 tell me why I went to Walmart and at the checkout I dropped a  20 bill... the lady in front... 
Walmart: "Let's buy 30 cash registers and only keep 2 open!"
ICYMI: New  StevenUniverse construction sets coming EXCLUSIVELY to  Walmart this August, c/o  Todd_McFarlane! 🌟💎✨ 
Clearance Easter Candy at Walmart from  3 + pickup at Walmart - 
Held door open for gentlemen.

Noticed he was wearing Walmart vest and I was wearing HEB Driver uniform.

*Lets go of door handle quickly😈
Don't open a  walmart business credit card! Worst customer service, no online account mgmt, no specified limits for additional card holders
 ScoDizz  _nemaaa my brother make 10.90 at walmart
.Wal-Mart in talks to buy men’s clothing retailer Bonobos for about  300 million.  Walmart  via  WSJ  bonobos dont do it
 Walmart What do you think about it?  InvestorsHangout  VC  CKH  WRB-D  OMAM  MAC

 
YahooFinance: Walmart and Target could beat Amazon on drone delivery  Walmart  AMZN  TGT 
Monday Morning Stock Trading: LLY, JBHT, Walmart, GM & More  GM  LLY  JBHT  Walmart  
YahooFinance: Walmart and Target could beat Amazon on drone delivery  Walmart  AMZN  TGT … 
YahooFinance: Walmart and Target could beat Amazon on drone delivery  Walmart  AMZN  TGT  BSA…
Walmart and Target could beat Amazon on drone delivery  Walmart  AMZN  TGT 
Who destroyed American manufacturers??  Walmart Walmart!  Shut em down Donny  realDonaldTrump 
My post  Forbes: "Walmart's Ecommerce Strategy: Pure Genius Or Venture Capitalist Bailout Fund"?  Walmart  Jet  ModCloth
Market Commentary For Wednesday, April 19 -  SHLD,  GS,  Walmart,  GWW,  IBM,  RL,  TSLA,  KSS,  FB,  XRT,  Google  
 marcericlore Booyah  Walmart ordered online and rec < 24hrs!  Well Done.  Your newest fan
Booyah  Walmart.  Ordered online and received <24 hrs!  No shipping! WTG Doug McMillon.  I'm a fan!
. WSJ in talks to buy men’s clothing retailer  Bonobos for about  300 million.  Walmart  via  WSJ  DRJAMESKEOUGH
Wal-Mart in talks to buy men’s clothing retailer Bonobos for about  300 million.  Walmart  via  WSJ
Wal-Mart Strikes Back  AMZN  Walmart - new  investing book = big lifetime profits safely - 
 mikd33  realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson Mike, Donny has to have it… 
 realDonaldTrump  GovWalker  stevenmnuchin1  USTreasury  usedgov  SenRonJohnson Hey Donny, put some pressure on Walmart  Walmart
 wmt and xlp just keep inching along
Is Major Retailer Walmart Worth Its Price?
 Walmart  NYSE  Supermarkets  StockAnalysis
 TweetLeni It's my  Walmart too
 XOM  amzn  googl  AVGO  Apple  pfe  cvs  bac  td  Walmart  COST  WFC  jnj  GE  GS  tsla  utx  fb  c  JPM  dis  MCD  mo… 
 Walmart would get more of my dollars.  Bonobos has the best slim-fit clothing. 
 Walmart PetSmart acquiring pet food and supply site 
Walmart Buying Bonobos? What It Means for Its Digital Dreams  Walmart  AMZN
The 10 Rules of Sam Walton: Success Secrets for Remarkable Results:  Walmart  walmart  business  entrepreneurship
Look at my  Walmart on this red day...lol
 Walmart looking up, efforts to adapt to new retail market may pay off
2017 Q1 earnings.  yhoo  wmt  tgt  csco  earnings  q12017 
 Walmart:

Walmart Buying Bonobos? What It Means for Its Digital Dreams:


instead of gaining on  Amazon,  Walmart seems poised to lose valuable ground |  AMZN  Walmart 
Nice push higher off new support.  Walmart is up 6% more than  SPY past 60-days. 
 CamilleHurn  michaeltg  rockermom53  chigrl  HeidsterTrades  MPX_Trader  WartenbergHans  TradersCom  LanceRoberts… 
Brokerages Expect Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart to Post  0.96 EPS 
WSJbusiness: Wal-Mart in talks to buy men’s clothing retailer Bonobos for about  300 million.  Walmart  
Wal-Mart in talks to buy men’s clothing retailer Bonobos for about  300 million.  Walmart  
 Walmart 70 Puts SELLING Activity expiring on 19th May, Vol 1744
Please, no  bonobos Wal-Mart in talks to buy men’s clothing retailer Bonobos for about  300 million.  Walmart  via  WSJ
 Walmart 72.5 Puts SELLING Activity expiring on 16th Jun, Vol 5000
 Walmart Wal-Mart in Talks With Bonobos 
Sale price around  300M, in  Walmart's fourth e-commerce acquisition since  Jet 
Scoop with  SarahNassauer 

 Walmart:

Wal-Mart in Talks With Bonobos:


Is Wal-Mart Becoming An Exciting Pick?  Walmart
 Walmart  AMZN:

Is Wal-Mart Becoming An Exciting Pick?:


 Walmart trying to clear this 200 wma
My new post  Forbes: "Walmart's Ecommerce Strategy: Pure Genius Or Venture Capitalist Bailout Fund"?  Walmart  Bonobos
 Walmart Overbought 
 Walmart Tuesday analysis: 71.43% chance of closing above  73.49 .More details available on  apple &  android: 
 WAR  WalmartAmazonResidual  Hydrogen  PLUG  Walmart  AMZN 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Shares Bought by Cohen Lawrence B 
Wow this-some big volume on  GNC breakout  

 ShortSqueeze  XRT  RTH  InsiderBuying  PrivateEquity 
 AMZN  BoeingBoeing  Walmart  TGT  RiskReversal
DallasBizNews: Report: Wal-Mart close to buying menswear brand Bonobos for  300M:  Walmart
Walmart in advanced talks to acquire Bonobos  Walmart 
Investing Rookie? Start With These 3 Stocks  themotleyfool  stocks  DIS,  Walmart,  VTI 
businessinsider: Walmart in advanced talks to acquire Bonobos  Walmart  BSAFunds  MerchantCas…
businessinsider: Walmart in advanced talks to acquire Bonobos  Walmart 
Walmart in advanced talks to acquire Bonobos  Walmart < >
My brand new post  Forbes: "Walmart's Ecommerce Strategy: Pure Genius Or Venture Capitalist Bailout Fund"?  Walmart
WalMart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
 P&G  T  TRV  UNH  UTX  VZ  V  Walmart  XOM Long and short positions from the  DJIA, up to 1800% since 2008.  DIA  SPY
 Walmart Walmart's possible takeover of Bonobos is infuriating some fans of the high-end... 
Wal-Mart  Walmart market alert: 34-week high   73.84 
 Walmart On a tear the last few days looking to retest the 75.20 area, strong again today over 73.80. Great Swing, nobody will beat Walmart!!!
 Walmart  walmart resistance nearing, quick look at the daily continued outlook "bullish"
Wal-Mart (Walmart) to Buy Online Men's Fashion Retailer Bonobos  Walmart 
Forget about today's move - 43%  GNC shorts going have miserable / anxietous mystery period before 2Q print

 XRT  VSI  AMZN  BoeingBoeing  Walmart  TGT
Is Now The Time To Buy Kroger?  SFM  TGT  WFM  Walmart  KR
 GBSND-Great Basin-Scientific-WOW-Dilution-Done- 2500- 1.83-in-2017! OVERSOLD?  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY… 
43% short  GNC expects  250MM  FreeCashFlow '17 - focus will be on reducing debt 

 XRT  RTH  AMZN  BoeingBoeing  TGT  Walmart  jonnajarian  VSI
Wal-Mart: I Like What I See, But It's Still Hard To Profit  AMZN  Walmart
In A Hostile Environment, Macy's Is Taking Some Important Steps  AMZN  TGT  Walmart  XRT  M
MUST READ: Stock up on  1.4 billion contract announced:  Walmart  PBR  TOT  UAL  GNW  TCEHY  MPEL  IMUC  MDGL  ANV
Talks In Advanced Stages As Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:Walmart) Set To Acquire Bonobos  Walmart
My Top 5 Books on Investing in Stocks:  stocks  investing  SPY  Apple  AMZN  DIA  MSFT  Walmart
 AMZN  PLUG  Walmart Amazon’s hydrogen-powered forklifts are its latest attempt to beat Walmart in the e-commerce war 
43% shorted lol  GNC move could just be start

Even us bulls didn't expect traction this fast

 XRT  Walmart  AMZN  CVS  petenajarian  jimcramer
Triangle Securities Wealth Management Raises Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
3,065 Shares in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Acquired by Private Asset Management Inc. 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart Stake Maintained by Liberty Capital Management Inc. 
 WFM "365" branded items seem to be 30-50% premium to Trader Joe's house brands and even more relative to  Walmart "Great Value" store brand.
 Walmart seeks to grow online fashion presence, Reuters reports 
 Walmart Wal-Mart may buy Bonobos for  300M. Meanwhile,  TGT's renovating stores over 3yrs, which'll feature an "inspiration" entrance.  haha
 Walmart could buy  Bonobos for about  300M, Bloomberg reports 
 NL See what others are saying!  InvestorsHangout  Walmart  TX  ARES  AMH-A  KKR-A

 
 OC Share your opinions here  InvestorsHangout  BDC-B  MFD  BOOT  Walmart  BoeingNC

 
Fiera Capital Corp Sells 5,071 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Zions Bancorporation Sells 1,331 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
Intellectus Partners LLC Buys New Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Walmart 
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart: I Like What I See, But It’s Still Hard To Profit:


 Options  maxpain chart for  Walmart. Free options app 
 VEDL Share your thoughts here  InvestorsHangout  SAN  ABX  AMAG  Walmart  JPM

 
 Walmart  Options OI chart. Free stocks app 
 GMTA See what others are saying!  InvestorsHangout  VRTV  NTZ  Walmart  RENX  WFC-T

 
 KEP This is a must join site!  InvestorsHangout  BoeingC  NADL  CELG  SBGL  Walmart

 
 Walmart Report: Wal-Mart close to buying menswear brand Bonobos for  300M 
 RYI Share your opinions here  InvestorsHangout  GIMO  COP  Walmart  LOW  CACB

 
 Walmart:

Report: Wal-Mart close to buying menswear brand Bonobos for  300M:


What's up with  Walmart? Find out more at  noexcuses  AppStore
 sssvenky both  wmt  pg been high on my w/l for longs in retirement.
 TNP Check out this site!  InvestorsHangout  OHI  Walmart  CBG  XRM  SPL-A

 
Mr. Incredible ... ponding why  Walmart has been so strong ...   I opined as to the reason ... 
 Walmart is full of China but the stock price is at  52 wk high ..it should be  52 week low. people take "Buy American" seriously? Not even1%
 UNP See what others are saying!  InvestorsHangout  KS  FDS  AEP  GDDY  Walmart

 
Walmart in talks to buy men’s clothing retail startup  Bonobos for about  300MM via  business by  JingCao  Walmart
 IONS Share your opinions here  InvestorsHangout  PB  WDC  TAHO  Walmart  MU

 
One retailer that is actually doing well. Sigh.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart looks to gain ground on Amazon with Bonobos bid:  Walmart  AMZN 
— TheStreet (TheStr…
Wal-Mart looks to gain ground on Amazon with Bonobos bid:  Walmart  AMZN 
