my dad & i went to walmart & i saw the 2nd book of a series i just started and he called me an impulse buyer bc i b… 
I would rather go to war torn Syria then step foot anywhere near a Walmart today...because I assume the Syrians dress and behave better.
 badstepson chester next 2 the stank ass walmart
Just casually going to Walmart with a dead deer in the back of my truck. It's West Virginia so nbd
These  10 guy sweatpants from Walmart are mad loyal
 Erin_Dawn_6 I told a lady to stop bitching, at Walmart, last night and that was pretty exciting
First gifts wrapped & hidden. Worth the  blackfriday  walmart trip. My boys will be happy, I hope!  momlife… 
Hey friends, I'm not confident enough to drive in the US but need something picked up from Walmart in Springville. Anyone free/able/willing?
All I want is the little raw cookie dough things from Walmart and eat all of them and get sick off of them. That's it :-//
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 6
Right now as I type this message someone is catching a right hook because Walmart took 50% off of a toaster.
Hatchimals BURTLE By Spin Master Burtle Walmart Exclusive in Hand!!  via  eBay, HATCHIMALS, BURTLE, WALMART, TOYS
 naamasteinbed line up in winnners/homesense was insane. Penningtons wasn't bad and I'm at Walmart now
 ad Stacking savings on my fave snack  oreo at  Walmart. Get your  OREOcookies... by  imperfectwomen via  c0nvey
10 Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
LOVE There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
"is he someone you want to rent at Redbox or go buy at Walmart" 😂😂😂😂
 HellyMaeHell666 That beats a fist fight over a flat screen at Walmart any day.
***Goes to grab wallet at Walmart and accidentally drops a pack if raws on the floor
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in West Monroe, LA 
she called walmart Ugly . 
 sparkyrust  Walmart No kidding. You see how they fled when I asked them to do something? Lol. Figures.  fail
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <hRW4> 
A man was murdered on Thanksgiving night at Walmart over a Black Thursday parking spot. 

When is enough enough?... 
 davechensky people have caught on. They're crap. My 7 yr old Vizio still better than the Walmart Hisense nonsense we most recently bought
Two people shot dead outside a Macy's and Walmart on Black Friday 
 MissCritta sorry.   I had to get up early to get that VCR for  8.99 at Walmart.  Only had to run over 2 women with walkers to get it!!!
black friday at walmart is wild y'all
i love the walmart life !
 Carebear_hinch  Walmart basic supply and demand, please get educated on this type of stuff.
How it felt on black Friday at  Walmart 
Walmart: Samsung 11.6″ Chrombook Laptop just  119 + FREE Shipping 
Walmart adventures. Where the hell is our 3 year old? (at Walmart Houghton) 
I've been looking for the water in Walmart for almost thirty minutes I'm about to start crying
walmart but uk
 Walmart thanks Divy 
He was jus in Walmart wit his brother and like 3 girls 
Just saw a little girl in a cart puke on the floor at Walmart... then her mom accidentally drug her coat through it... I'm ready to go home
Got my walmart situation figured out and they refunded my money. But no time for a blanket so I'll be getting metallic prints instead!
 erica_meade We apologize. That's not the service you deserve from us! Were you able to reach out to a manager about this? -Katz
Our annual Toys & Food Drive is in full swing! We will be at Walmart tonight until 9pm. Here every weekend until Ch… 
Walmart Canada tests 3D printed products in time for Christmas  -  3Dprinting
 Retweet  CarSeat  Phil and Teds Alpha Infant Car Seat w/Baby on Board Sign 
Want a copy of STAY CRAZY, my 2016 book abt mental illness, aliens & Walmart? Go to & enter code GIVE16 for 40% off!
 qarrettmaine I don't think walmart brand paramore's fans were alive when that song came out
ohhh wtfffff walmart is selling pokemon sun and moon with a figurine at the games price fFFFFFFF
 JayFarber there is nothing in Walmart worth getting trampled over. Period.
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 kjaydashit bruh don't this look like that barber that's at the one by Walmart 
Will Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Powerpoint?
Is there anything at WalMart really worth fighting over?
VIDEO: Walmart Shoppers Fight Over Towels (Black Friday 2016) 
Enter for a chance to WIN a  50  Walmart e-gift card!  SweepsEntry  NatureMadeAtWalmart (No Purchase Necessary)
Just entered to win a  50  Walmart gift card thanks to  NatureMadeAtWalmart. Here's how:  SweepsEntry 
 raeganw1234  : "wait Walmart has food ??"
 BlackChonga girl I have never been able to go in Walmart and only get two things 😂 they suck you in
You will never ever see me at the Walmart on Vance Jackson. I will drive 20mins just to go to another Walmart.
 SamandColby YOU GUYS ARE RUBBING OFF ON ME! I JUST WENT UP TO A RANDOM PERSON AND WALMART AND STARTED RANDOMLY TALKING TO THEM!
 YoungPadawanPR Thanks for the update! Please visit  so we can help you. -Katz
 RalphVelasquez1 Oh no!! Well we're happy to have you! Have a great evening! -Divy
2016 Topps Holiday  DavidPrice Walmart Exclusive Snowflake  MLB  Picher 
 Kohls had some of the deepest  bigbox  shopping discounts for  BlackFriday, especially for jewelry, folwdby  Walmart online and  amazon
Walmart to start 'Cyber Week' sales on Black Friday - CNET 
 BoeingDSTiCk_C go to Walmart for me please😩
FEFES Stn.3 Firefighters will be hosting their annual toy & food drive on Dec.3rd from 9am - 3pm   Walmart & No Fri… 
Berenice and I had a Rebecca Bloomwood moment at Walmart yesterday 💳🛍
Today's my anniversary at Walmart. Can't believe I've already worked here for a year now 😱
Like he dressed up like we going to a party. We going to fucking Walmart😂
I really need to go to Walmart but don't wanna go since it's Black Friday
 hjmurphy07 Walmart
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart 
what an ass
 izzycatic ik you're on hiatus rn but we found walmart brand bootleg fizz 
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
I gave in & went to Walmart. Not nearly as bad as I thought it would be.
There's some weird people at Walmart
 syd_halas "at Walmart" lol
Idk how people think im hard to shop for.  Like get me any of those cheap walmart Christmas coffee sets I will be ecstatic. Its so easy.
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
Just in case you're wondering... The Black Friday stupid hasn't left Walmart yet
Dang Walmart didn't have any  LEGODimensions Season 2 Levels
I love Snuggle Scents There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 willyrutko21 yes I checked Amazon, Target, Walmart, and Best Buy online. Didn't get to go into an actual store to look though 😓😢
I might just get her iPad while I'm in Walmart 🤔
 MishaMcKinley  Walmart You got a new pc? Up top!!
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist  75 WALMART FIT CHALLENGE!!! The BEST Outfit Yet!
"if we do go to walmart im wearing navy boo on back" - hannah marie miller
VIDEO: Walmart shoppers fight over towels, toys at Black Friday sale via  american_mirror
You probably wear Walmart Michael Jordan cologne
I can look at the parking lot and tell walmart is a fool. I ain't goin in there.
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
SputnikInt: WATCH: It's  BlackFriday in  America, check out the mayhem at a  Dallas Walmart … 
so i had to go to Walmart & I swear it was like a regular friday. definitely couldn't tell it was black friday in there. smh
(let's hope my Walmart still has it in stock by the time I get home, I'll kill something otherwise)
when the food you eat makes it on the cravens Walmart list  sarahcraven_  magggiecraven  taylorkreider21 
I think everyone got the same live laugh love frame from Walmart lol shit I got it my mom got it I just can't wait to put mine up! 😫
Got a new smartphone at Walmart today for  19.99 (regularly  99)! What a deal! Appreciate it.
 alibaba transaction volume greater than Walmart. Created 40 million direct and indirect jobs. Impressive!
Wow and I thought I was going to get trampled to death in Walmart 
 derty10  Target  BestBuy  Walmart Better than  amazon who keeps selling things before they're supposed to be on sale.
 ezpzmealz  Walmart  labreabakery  OMG my meat loving daughter would love this.
there are  5 fluffy blankets at walmart .
 5 . flufffy , blankets😪😍
Swear I'm finna try to get on at this subway in Walmart. It be soo dead in here
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
What Cyber Monday deals are you excited about?

 Walmart is so incompetent right now. 4 registers that can do returns, only 2 open and big queue. If manager is here I may give free advice!
 Rhymestyle Do you think this is a good deal? It also came w/ a  30 gift card 
 larailayda We're sorry. Please mention this to store management and check back when you can as we will be restocking often. -Lisa
Not one tree at Menards even comes close to the deal you got at Walmart 😂 you made the right choice.  Aly_Rausch
None of you are gonna believe it.

But I made it out of Black Friday Walmart with all my limbs attached.

Thank you for the well-wishes!
I can honestly say I will never shop at Walmart again after today. 🙃
Tip: Do not be in the middle of a Walmart right at the minute Black Friday deals start.

It was pretty cool to watch though.
 BREAKING: San Antonio police say man killed in  Walmart parking lot was helping victim of domestic abuse when abuser shot Good Samaritan.
 _makalamcneil Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Bitterchick Hopefully they're still laying on walmart's floor after getting stampeded
There's a group of kids huddled in an aisle at Walmart eating a cake.
 Rosalina_Hime You're most welcome! Thank you for shopping with us! Happy Gaming! -Katz
So I go to Walmart and get my butter and I come back and I start doing my turkey or whatever
Sceptre 4K Ultra HD 55 Inch TV Just  339, Normally  399!  Black_Friday_Deals  Christmas_Deals  Walmart  Sceptre
i have officially graduated from Walmart University
Kentabot is now checking 67 special buy products from Walmart/Pets for potential profit on Amazon!  KentaSourcing
 IamKillswitch  Target  BestBuy  Walmart that's how they get u man lol u get there and they tell u, "Sorry, we sold out this morning."
Someone asked if my sweater is from Urban and it was actually  5 from the Walmart boy's section so I'm already feel… 
 _RODGERSthat I went to Walmart recently for like 2 things and ended up spending over  100 lol
a group of girls just danced all the way into walmart lmao i love this place sometimes
wow such hot deals  blackfridayshopping
 SputnikInt  Walmart Brainless cattle herd
Ninja Kitchen System Just  129, Normally  164 at Walmart! 
Just saw a lady leave Walmart with a mini pink & camo lounge chair in her basket. Black Friday strikes again.
Arizona Walmart: why are sweaters and down jackets the only clothes you're selling? It's 80 degrees...
Not to be flippant but the Walmart shooting reminds me  
Black Friday Death Count: Man Shot, Killed over Walmart Parking Spot | PJ Media 
Walmart towels: via  YouTube
One person dead in shooting at Walmart on I-10, Vance Jackson. SA Police Dept Chief William McManus on way to give… 
These man's haven't seen Walmart at Queen and Airport on Christmas Eve. 
WATCH: It's  BlackFriday in  America, check out the mayhem at a  Dallas  Walmart 
Had to Fight This Lady At Walmart Because She Tried to Take the Last Pack Of Tampons 💯💯 G I WAS NOT GOING 🚮🅿
 omegaharris5 would that be okay or no? I'm going to Walmart now if so can you unblock me just so you can get the reference number
 derty10  Target  BestBuy  Walmart I'd help you out but the nearest is like 40 miles and they can't tell me if it's definitely there.
 4WordBargain Clearance racks at Walmart! 
San Antonio, Texas, police: Good Samaritan fatally shot in the neck in parking lot of a Walmart - mySA… 
I had to come to Walmart to get tights. Life on Black Friday is hard  merica
my family went to walmart and bought 4 tvs at once 
EVERYBODY IS LITERALLY NUTS AT WALMART!!! Everywhere you can hear: 
I wish I had someone to drive me to Walmart 😫 I don't feel like driving
 Walmart how long does processing take for instorepickup? Arrived 10 hours ago and I still cant pick up?
 Chrisexcess it's was  19.95 at Walmart
 Walmart and you lost out on a sale because of it.  Disappointed
I legit seen a parent whoop her child with a mf light saber then put it on the wrong shelf in walmart😂
Walmart's Anti-Union Training Video Is Another Reason Why No One Should Shop There via  
 BONNIELYNN2015 lol  ruinthanksgivinginfourwords Walmart opens at six!
 buck_man30 I'm about to drive to Walmart so snap you any fights I see
 royalkoury ill buy you one next time i go to walmart
Towel madness: Walmart shoppers fall into chaos on Black Friday 
 lord_Oswald what about the day I saw you at walmart with  FawhQew 🤔
 domesticviolence on  blackfriday at  Walmart in Texas  BlackFridayProblems  walmartfights
WALMART Black Friday ads are here!!!! 
 walmart - you need to retrain your stores on your price match guarantee. The CSR’s I dealt with tonight had no idea what they were doing
 PamelaStar23  PrisonPlanet me neither! I feel bad for my dad who's working at Walmart right now.
 _officialmir no I came to Stockton. To alexanders and costco. I only went to Walmart in Lodi, last night.
 blackfridayshopping I went to Walmart almost got killed😳😳
Walmart Manager: wanna work Black Friday.                                                                Me: You Fu… 
en walmart
This kid was doing the 'WHAT'RE THOOOOOSE' thing to some donuts at Walmart and his mom looked like she was regretting him so bad
 megaynium this shitty person that works at the Walmart by my house. She said it when Ross and I went by last night lmao
Hosting the holidays is stressful enough! Be prepared with LACTAID®  GetReliefFromTheFeast! Learn more!… 
Walmart bouta piss me off . ima just go up there 
We have like twelve throw blankets at our house and my mom just bought four more at WalMart. I can't
Highlight of visiting Cloquet: they painted Walmart
Video: Walmart Shopper Being Shot & Killed Over Parking Space on Black Friday 
I missed all the fights in Walmart but the customers got me hip 😂
Done went to walmart and got  all the snacks.
This was a real RV parked at a Walmart by my house! I wanted to knock but they were prolly busy cooking.… 
During dinner my mom was asking my nephews to name countries and the first one my nephew said was Walmart
I need groceries but I'm too scared of Walmart
How the fuck do I manage to lose my family 8x at Walmart? 😑
Shoutout to my man Armando. He stood in line at Walmart for Black Friday and walked out with a bottle of Head and Shoulders.
You obviously never been to Walmart on Tennessee st 
 VanessaMerrell it's not that bad.. unless you go to Walmart 😂
I seen a woman do this in Walmart shopping in the left picture 
my mom just yelled at a random person for crop dusting her in walmart
During dinner my mom was asking my nephews to name countries and the first one my nephew said was Walmart 😂😂😂💀
VIDEO: Woman falls into towel box during Walmart Black Friday shopping 
Happy black Friday! Who else will be raiding Walmart bcs of there deals today? 😃
Hey  McMullinJared. Are you going to attempt to return a 4% eaten turkey to Walmart?
 megans_law worst thing- stupid gd loft bed from Walmart when I had a 200sq ft apt. Jury's still out on best thing, money stresses me out ☠
For those at Walmart right now and shopping starts at 6 they lied you have 7 minutes  walmart  blackfriday
 PaliDaddyRam you at walmart yesterday 
In Walmart and Black Beatles came on literally everyone in the aisle froze and did the mannequin challenge
[Walmart] Plants vs Zombies Garden Warfare 2 - Xbox One/PS4 - YMMV ( 8)

Someone posted it on slickdeals, finding it on Xbox One for  8, an…
Two sessions Telsa/Sam Walton of Walmart: via  YouTube
 BrownMecca We're sorry, but our Black Friday deals are only available while supplies last. We will not be able to issue rainchecks. -Lisa
I love big coats bc no one at Walmart knows I'm not wearing a bra
I officially hate  Walmart and  Target.
10 Incredible Oral Sex Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
FOUND: A Domestic Short Hair on Oct 28, 2010 at In a box in Walmart parking lot. Please contact us for more information.
FOUND: A Snowshoe on Oct 16, 2010 at WALMART PARKING LOT. Please contact us for more information.
Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
Lmao is this delano Walmart? 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Okmulgee, OK 
Having to work at Walmart in electronics <   blackfridayshopping
 cmenddezz smh, i only got three pairs when i could have got like 10 pairs for the same price   walmart 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
😷 bed bugs in the Walmart clothing section smh
We're not going to Walmart now too much time has passed now
San Antonio, Texas, police: Good Samaritan fatally shot in the neck in parking lot of a Walmart -  mySA… 
 Walmart it's all good I brought him leftovers haha
 xenonice6  kiidk_4 go to walmart and get me one and you'll see😉
 MovieNyucka WALMART IN WISCONSIN :)
 idreamscustoms oh haha. That's only cause you live in Cali. Where I live, I goto Walmart and just walk right in and find where the stuff
We went to Walmart for Black Friday — and it was nothing like we expected 
 _JRDanger You are actually shopping at a Walmart? How positively peasant of you 😄
Walmart still coming in clutch with the press-ons 
I slayed this eye makeup and then my sister cancels dinner. 😩If my BF doesn't want to go out I will be making a trip to Walmart.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <v_LB> 
bitch stfu u a walmart version ritzy 
 WaterWipesWalmart are available in  Walmart retailers nationwide!  contest Look for your closest retailer here: 
 _kdhart then the day after that at the scrimmage and canes parking lot and walmart parking lol that was fun😂
My daughter had an anxiety attack at Walmart yesterday. Nothing is worth that. I suffer from anxiety as well and ha… 
Enter here to win a  100 Walmart gift card from  WaterWipesUSA  contest  WaterWipesWalmart
Went black Friday shopping last night at the mall and wasn't really that bad. Also hit up walmart. Wasn't that bad at all.
So i just got this  300 for  100!! Yea for black friday online deals!! 
[videos] Black Friday at Walmart 
Like this dude I barely hang with is abt to drive out to this Walmart parking lot, in this cold ass weather, just to help w a flat
When walmart hooks it up with free tacos. 
 NotJoshEarnest weren't they trampling each other over Walmart televisions just a year or two ago?
Next year, I might live tweet Walmart on Black Friday.

Next year, I might live tweet eating a living rattlesnake head first, too.
My goodness  Walmart talk about horrible customer service
 Sir_Fowler That's like if a store like WalMart just said "Stuff" on the building
 fIoweroads from walmart
 _Xenowolf_ WALMArt
 Job Alert:  Naperville  Jobs Help Wanted - Walmart Supercenter -… For More Jobs >>> Please Go2 our Page!
I feel like I'm getting better at running register at Walmart. Which is good. Still some things I gotta work on though.
One dead, two hurt in shooting in parking lot of Walmart at 10 and Vance Jackson.
i'm so used to the walmart in north lauderdale so when i go to walmart out of town i feel so lost
 CNN  Target is this how most store employee work  Walmart  Target   Kmart ETC.
I just bought Walmart, he says.
 WhatsTrending soon to be an American classic,. Great gift for children, 
 FoxNews Just tell Walmart shoppers that BLM is standing between them and a deal! Problem solved!  2BirdsWith1Stone
Ordered a product off and it arrived from who is apparently a 3rd party seller on Amazon.
 Rogersville_TN  CelinaSummers please, please write us a book bro, can't wait to order it from Walmart.
The next person in Walmart to say "that girls wearing shorts..." after I walk by is catching these hands. I DIDNT KNOW I HAD TO GO IN OK!!!!
 Walmart  SecretAgentHush. Yes, manager was the one that delayed it. No wristbands given. Waited in line til 6 for them to sell us the tvs
 SnoopyG7 yep are local Walmart the guy told me only sold 4 ps4 pro lmao
Tip: when you go to  Walmart DONT wear your blue  vineyardvines vest bc I guess people will mistake you as one of the sales workers. 😂
[Walmart] Plants vs Zombies Garden Warfare 2 - Xbox One/PS4 - YMMV ( 8) - Someone posted it on slickdeals, finding … 
 SlvrStrs I live in okc and Walmart is 5 minutes away I'll let my dad kno next errand run >:)) it's just regular creme soda right??
 ppomodoli  not getting mine built it's available for pickup at Walmart on Dec 1
Black Friday: Shooting at Nevada Wal-Mart over Parking Space 
Prefer watching the squirrel, but had a quick stop at WalMart this afternoon to pick up meds after trip to ER, not… 
Went to Walmart... best thing was probably a dog, sitting in a car, leaning against the steering wheel & just honking the horn continuously
I just saw a girl at Walmart with half an arm missing and she looked liked a boss ass bitch and I don't use that phrase often.
 doubleviction I feel like u could make that with a tee shirt from Walmart & a tie dye kit
Metro5 Top Searches:  walmart black friday - - November 26th 2016
[Deal] The Elder Scrolls Online: Gold Edition (includes 4 paid DLC expansions) for  25   Walmart.  XboxOne 
update: i went into to walmart ALL BY MYSELF to buy hangers and my parents are giving me shit because i bought the… 
There's so many daddish looking men at Walmart 👀👅
my bf literally went to walmart and bought me slippers fuzzy pants ice cream and lemonade , how tf did i manage to find someone this great
 RGallaspy4 available exclusively at WalMart! Get them while supplies last!
I Specifically Went To Walmart For Trash Bags & Guess What I Forgot To Get......
Outside Walmart black Friday shopping. So many ravens. Nevermore. 
Mom seriously just about left me in Walmart parking lot because the car is packed so full she didn't notice I wasn't in the back seat.. 🙄
Has anyone had the sushi they have at walmart?  Trustworthy?
Is black Friday madness over yet?  I'm in a town with hot springs and I need to buy swim trunks, but I don't really wanna go to Walmart
Yes, the coastal centers of industry and business are so dumb compared to coal miners and Walmart employees.  Gibstra  SarahPalinUSA
 CheapyD I am really surprised the couple games I thought about getting are already sold out on amazon, and at target/walmart in my area
70% of on line sales  Walmart  blackfriday came from  mobile devices. Optimize  your content accordingly.  Webdesign  DigitalMarketing
 _aaliyahsam lmaoooo Walmart not playing no more
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <V ll> 
Walmart Black Friday Deals via  RuthUnscripted
Got something awesome deals at Walmart for Black Friday.
Got 2 box sets and 4 movies.
Just saw the Red Cross handing out blankets outside of Walmart.
 Bedbugs  FrankfortKY  Walmart be safe out there y'all.... 
reminds me, people were camped out in the middle of walmart vaping last night, waiting for black friday 
YO WE WERE JUST ABOUT TO GO TO WALMART LIKE DAMN I WAS THAT CLOSE TO DYING. WHO JUST GOES UP AND SHOOTS UP A WALMART. SHOP   TARGET PEOPLE.
 BrennonLovesYou I get mine st walmart
If anybody is near a  Target  BestBuy or  Walmart that can grab me a white 3ds I'll PayPal em with an 10  + shipping...  FuckScalpers
was in walmart for like 20 minutes and saw a man in pj's/one sock and the other barefoot, a dog in an electric cart, and women w pacifiers
LastChanceEbay: NIB Hatchimals Walmart Exclusive Burtle New Spinmaster Hatching Egg  ebay  deals  toys  games
My Black Friday prostate exam behind Walmart was awkward.
 realDonaldTrump Can you figure out how to let  Walmart let their employees to work more than 40hr weekly?
It's Black Friday and Walmart still only has two registers open.
Black Friday protesters demand  15 minimum wage outside Kearny Walmart 
 Walmart has the worst customer service choose deceptive practices to cancel orders so they dont have to fill the order.
 Ohbrookejuliaa the Walmart in Stafford
P.s. If anyone tells you it's a good idea to work 12 hours on Black Friday at Walmart it's not
Walmart - Kit Com 4 Pneus Aro 14 Michelin 185/65 R14t Energy Xm2 - R  949,00

 
Black Friday at Walmart 
NappySynapses : This the shit that make u go to bi-lo Walmart Get  university personal st… 
VIDEO: Walmart Shoppers Fight Over Towels (Black Friday 2016)  BlackFriday… 
Fuck the lights , there was shooting at Walmart ?
No place on earth I hate more than Walmart
 JenGlantz and even lower! I hope you get the same no matter the store! ;) 
 kaideejay We're sorry to hear this. Could you give us more details about your experience? -Divy
This the shit that make u go to bi-lo  Walmart 
 Kobe0802 My place, 5'o clock, go leftovers , scoop up that asian chick at Walmart if u want to sweet thang,😉
[walmart] Uncharted The Nathan Drake Collection - PS4 por R  49,90 
That new Walmart aint bad. Closer distance for late night drunk runs 😂😂💯  truth
 RALPH4lyf  Walmart  GAMERS_KNOWBEST  xSHEWULFx awesome! 😎 happy for u
Walmart in Nevada. Dude got killed 
 MarleyBlonsky Oh dear, more of a No-norah than a Menorah! We hope you let management at the store know about the need for a recount! -Rick
Sorry if you see me in Walmart. I look like a wet dog😊😊
Black Friday is a success. I've been holed up in a tent in Walmart, dressed as Santa promising kids toys for each bottle of booze they bring
Sounds legit. There's no Walmart/Target or anything. 
My spouse just discovered Walmart Oak Farms milk has 25 mg more salt (130 mg) than HEB milk (105 mg).  .  HEB Thank you, HEB.
the Walmart next to the palmetto fucking SUCKS don't go there go to the one north on 57 it's 10x better
If you see this, then that means that I'm alive and survived my Walmart hunger games! XD
I liked a  YouTube video from  ayystevey BLACK FRIDAY FIGHT AT WALMART! 2016 GONE WILD! (ALMOST DIED!)
Just braved target AND Walmart.. both stores were cool and  BOTH I walked straight to register, NO LINES 💃🏽💃🏽
I went to Walmart totally forgetting it was Black Friday that shit didn't make no sense
 sarahceren We're sorry. Please mention this to management, and stop by often as we will be restocking items as quickly as possible. -Lisa
 HanzoYorokobi Eat more burgers, drink more soda. Be fat and drive a fat scooter in Walmart.
well... This phone will be shut off come midnight tonight. Went to walmart and bought a phone on sale for  20 and... 
I guess it's easy to be contemptuous when you can afford to buy everything online so you don't have to go to walmart w/"those people"
Someone was shot and killed outside the parking lot for the Walmart next to the BLFC hotel, over a parking spot.👌
One man dead, one woman with life-threatening injuries after a shooting in the parking lot of the Walmart near I-10 & Vance Jackson.
I received  75 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Couponing at Walmart: Top Deals Under  1.00 via Couponing to Disney - Juicy Juice Splashers Fruit ... 
Mom is trying to send me to hell by going into Walmart today :)
I'll buy someone a Christmas present if they tryna go to Walmart later. 😂
How to assemble a Walmart Bicycle - Roadmaster Granite Peak via  YouTube
There are 17 new lawsuits against Walmart DAILY! 

You're funny! 
I liked 'SEASONS BEATINGS: Walmart shop...' in the RedFlag ⚑ App 
 carvaels according to some shady q&a site from google there is faygo in a walmart in oklahoma city
15 fantastic iPhone games on sale for Black Friday While millions of Americans are spending Black Friday driving… 
I liked 'VIDEO: Walmart shoppers fight ...' in the RedFlag ⚑ App 
VIDEO: Walmart Shoppers Fight Over Towels (Black Friday 2016)  ConsrvOutfitter

 Toy  Cars: Hot Wheels 2016 Fast & Furious  5 Ford GT-40 Walmart Exclusive (2  Car Lot) 
walmart had the really big ones 
 Pinback  Bobble  Batman v Superman 2 pack POP vinyl Walmart Exclusive figure pop Glow in the dark  Store  Mall
 ad Stacking savings on my fave snack  oreo at  Walmart. Get your  OREOcookies... by  OurFamilyWorld via  c0nvey
 joejohnson291  Target stop Joe. Walmart who is also pro Trans is there oh and Kmart oh wait they are pro Trans. Your choices are limited
Thought I would be down to go into Walmart saw the parking lot and said HELL TO THE NAH..
Risked it all going to Walmart for mouthwash and laundry soap and came out with pj pants and Christmas lights as well
NIB Hatchimals Walmart Exclusive Burtle New Spinmaster Hatching Egg  ebay  deals  toys  games
Went to Walmart few min ago to go and buy Pokémon Moon and they were sold out. Kinda sucks
Best Black Friday Deals 2016: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, on TVs, Toys and More – Barron’s 
I'm at  Walmart_br in Contagem, MG w/  romulorafa  laurianoscosta 
 malloryismyname haha nice they weren't Hardly any people at the Walmart I went I got some awesome deals
 Weather_Girly not? I loved Walmart when I was in AZ..shame we don't have those stores😜bummer you had no discount
 surelybutslowly  CharcoalSkyline That's so embarrassing. Nothing says trash quite like fighting a stranger in a Walmart.
The largest Walmart within 150 miles.  BlackFridayParking 
 commadelimited Walmart, Michaels and Amazon (if you can wait)
 avonandfriends Would you like our Mobile Display Unit to come to a Walmart near YOU! You can request us... 
 Avaltor05 This is the one I bought. It's super versatile and really sucks!!! Good return policy too 
I really need some things at Walmart but I am scared to go in there.  blackfriday
The Embarassing Secrets Of Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 saavvaaggee just left me hanging at Walmart eh !
SEASONS BEATINGS: Walmart Shopper Tries To Kick Child On Black Friday via  realalexjones
Grackle-ackin'!
 grackles  thebirds  hitchcock   Walmart Denton - W University Dr 
Walmart on Black Friday.

I deserve this for the way I abuse you people...
 KYVAN82  kroger  Walmart Thanks. I'm headed to  TheBronx on Monday and I'll load up  Walmart or  kroger. Love your products and foundation!
Does Walmart just make their shopping carts with 1 standard broken wheel?
BLACK FRIDAY FIGHTS AT WALMART! 2016 GONE WILD! (ALMOST DIED!) 
 TaiDingBot You working on BestBuy.ca and Walmart.ca yet? Get Canada in on this action.
I don't think Black Friday is for every establishment.. cause Walmart didn't have shit for sale beside electronics
 surfbanksocial do u kno how many times im like "go to walmart ... go to another craft store...its probably not  80 there.."
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Summerville, SC 
Boutta go fight somebody at Walmart/Academy real quick
 PRICEMISTAKE: Canon Black EOS Rebel T5i Digital SLR Camera + Lenses only  99.99 on walmart, list price  1299.99… 
In Walmart getting distracted cuz i literally came In here for ONE thing.
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
dad: why are we at walmart at 5:30
me: snacks 
dad: kamren must be over
 emilygonx go to Walmart ?
do they sell bundles at Walmart??
I did actually go to Walmart and hit up the electronics section, but I was in and out of that shit like a ninja.
[insert gif here]
never work at walmart on black friday
Black Friday: 2 People Killed Outside Macy’s & Walmart via  realalexjones Stop the madness.  
 jennifer_mar9  RoastMeDaily  22Words seen this guy Walmart on Black Friday.
 A_SativaDiva  Walmart go to Aeropostale in the mall. They going out of business so nice boxers are dirt cheap. Yw
Why isn't chicken and rice on sale at Walmart ??
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Goose Creek, SC 
 haleyelise3 Not if you work at walmart :b
When the cashier at Walmart tells me I have beautiful eye brows 🙌🏽 😭  ThanksGirl
I wonder how many times a day Armand's Cabs make a trip to Walmart?
Walmart actually had what I wanted for Black Friday and I got cashed out in a timely fashion. I'm impressed  Walmart , thank you.
 mikayla_grice couldnt tell yeah. Looked at Walmart and they were the same price at Gamestop
 Zoren_Ray dude lmfao Walmart needs to chill out fr
Need a Wawa CVS and Walmart fix
 peterstratta Haven't really decided. Maybe go to Walmart & see what movies are available
Meanwhile in San Antonio, fired shots were reported at a Walmart on the north side 😂 
honestly every time i come to Walmart im ready to fight someone, idk how people can be so rude
Walmart - Kit Com 4 Pneus Aro 13 Goodyear 175/70r13 Direction Touring 82t - R  559,00

 
We forgot it was Black Friday and went on a quick Walmart run... That was scary
Last night at Walmart, they were selling HP printers for  18. The printers came with two packs of ink, a color... 
Just a thought on the  MannequinChallenge WalMart employees have been doing it for years!
 saviorinred holy shit. do you guys not have a walmart equivalent. like a place that sells frames like  20, theyre basic but they work
Wild Ninjas spotted in Cranston RI outside  Walmart  bitfigs  vendingmachines  toys Thx Matthew! 
 Zoren_Ray y'all really sleep on Walmart 
Propel Water Just  0.75 At Walmart! 
Holy crap! Black Friday Twitter got so slow... Did Walmart just receive another shipment of  1.99 towels and all of you left?
Ok walmart had one bag of weird oreos. 
 robertthach Thanks for stopping by, Robert! We hope you find everything you're looking for! -Katz
 dcastillo018  Daddy_David63 it didn't work lol I need to go to Walmart to buy a new one lol
Fuck Walmart
a man on the driving machine that puts the stuff in the gardening section of a walmart ? ok 😭😂 
Is Walmart safe yet lol
Out here on a daily basis. I liked a video from Australian In a Walmart.
 BrennonLovesYou walmart
BREAKING: SAPD:Man was beating a woman at WalMart, good guy sees this, good guy stops the assaulter, assaulter shoo… 
They have 55in 4K tvs at Walmart for  290
Went to Walmart to look at Christmas stuff and had to make sure I left my wallet in the car so that I didn't buy everything
even though tonight will be hell at walmart because we have to put the store back together
Salsa sold st  kroger and  Walmart and the Apple Butter and Salsa also at  Walmart 
Celebration Pumpkin Pie from Box Roundup  GetReliefFromTheFeast  ad  walmart 
Walmart wifi works better then my house wifi that's saying something  comcast
 Walmart unfriendly and unqualified associates at Psl west store realize why I don't like the stores
'Horns fans are rushing out of this stadium to return their shirts at Walmart  GoFrogs
Not  at the Walmart I work at! We got a meal catered by Bob Evans  
10 Awesome Hedge Trimming Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
Rev up their holiday wishlist with the Turnado, now  70 off at Walmart.  BlackFriday 
 creativitybooster: Integrate national invites at Walmart. TOP 10 ideas:  growthhacking  motivation
when u have nothing to do so you walk around Walmart.... In reindeer slippers
 kiidk_4 aw damn ,try toys r us or walmart
My mom has been gone for 4 hours and she was "just going to walmart"
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? Pay Pal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 11/30/16 
When my parents go to Walmart they buy stuff like this 
 ad Stacking savings on my fave snack  oreo at  Walmart. Get your... by  pamwattenbarger via  c0nvey
Squeezing People Is A  Management Fail:
A jury awarded 800 WalMart truck drivers  54mm.
WM failed to pay them 4 truck inspections & layovers
Some good gifting advice  
really needed to buy groceries but i'm not about to fight the crowd at walmart rn
I QANT TO WEAR ICHIGOS CHEAP JAPANESE WALMART SWEATERS
so I was in a sad mood bc target didn't have anymore big bears but we walk into Walmart & a lil baby waves& says "hi" to me & i got so happy
Vallejo Walmart make it so hard for you to do selfcheck out 😩😂😂😂😂😂
 RokuPlayer  TCL_USA  Walmart Link is an Insignia 32".
Of course I would need something that can't be found anywhere but Walmart the day after Thanksgiving. Fuck my life.
*In the Christmas section of Walmart*

Ian: Guys look it's Bambi!

Does this look like Bambi? 
 danisnotonfire I found this on top of women's underwear at a Walmart. I'm not joking. It was on top of women's lin… 
 SsssamanthaaMUA  meanwhile in New Jersey a bunch of ppl r fighting over bath towels that were  3 instead of  3.10 at Walmart 😒🙄
 stoolpresidente ran into the local Walmart and yelled barstool is 21% off the place is empty now
Mom pulls into Walmart parking lot, shuts off the car and looks at me:

"Let's rock this shit."
 RHUNDERGROUND not my Walmart, we had a meal catered by Bob Evans
Cheaper at Target or Walmart 
 ChanelVsWalmart  gingerdinah Chanel is worth  19 billion, Walmart is worth  250 billionm...just saying
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <=rQS> 
Black Friday while working at walmart makes me wanna off myself.
 Zanki335 sales, all about sales. Best Buy GCU, toys r us reward & %off coupons, target red card, Walmart BF.  900 for  210 =)
EVERYONE WHOS AT WALMART RIGHT NOW GO TF HOME
Pt 2 of me looking ratchet asf gong to Walmart haha just girly things
I'm going to Walmart to watch the royal rumble 😂😂
these mfs at walmart are ab to get knocked out yall😂😂
 MogFantasy  TheyCallMeTXT  InvisibleCrane Not to mention 2 middling comps and a PS4 thanks to Walmart money and school.
Wanna go to Walmart so bad.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <ePD1> 
 nkylol I think I saw you at Walmart a little earlier today!
So who's coming with me to Walmart when I get off 😭not trying to be in that line by myself
Great results from  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  SheSpeaksUp 
Buzzing to see videos of fat smelly Americans belly flopping each other over half price DVD players in Black Friday sales  usa  walmart
I saw someone who really fucking hated me in HS during black friday at walmart last night, not so judgey when its comes to low low prices.
 kiidk_4 rouses, walmart, sams
Forcing my mom to let me drive her to Walmart
According to the cute Christmas countdown they have in the Walmart entrance, it's exactly 30 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS😱🎅🏼☃️❄️🎄💚❤️
 Walmart  WalmartToday at NM on WY has the worst service Antonia, Kelly, Alana, Paul, Theresa, Kevin, Brandon, Albert ...
"Will return later... I'm hungry, and it's time to swing by Walmart for a Black Friday meal."

A sadistic smirk spreads across his lips.
Why does Walmart attract weird people 💀
my friend about  CrankGameplays "he looks like a walmart jacksepticeye"
Idc if it's black Friday I'll fuckin go into Walmart just for Pokemon
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART < t]V> 
 KissClassy_Kay any store dollar store, target, Walmart, Walgreens I think
I just checked in at Walmart Express with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
After visiting a Walmart store in Port St Lucie it reminded me why I really dislike the store.
 ProducerDUBZ I assume Walmart would have it...I'll do some sleuthing.
SAPD confirms a shooting at the Walmart shopping center at I-10 and Vance Jackson.  Details soon.
Help Wanted - Walmart - Falmouth, ME 
I just have the cashier at Walmart  66 in all ones and she said "so I take it you're a waitress" lmfao I said no I'm a stripper
Twilight Princess HD was only  25 at walmart you better believe i bought that shit
Holiday Spirit!

Black Friday fight CHAOS at Walmart 2016 via  YouTube
Why are the XY Evolutions packs at Walmart wiped
 GetAKitty We're sorry to hear this. Did you mention what happened to the manager on duty? -Divy
Mentally challenged individuals lose their cool and one loses his life. 
Walmart look like a war zone.
Local Walmart Managers Ready for Big Sales 
Nothing says 'thanksgiving' like stuffing yourself to full then swarming with the zombie horde outside of Walmart like a good consumer!
 Walmart bad business
Isis leader killed at Black Friday stampede at Walmart yesterday. 
 Walmart don't shop there
 michaelianblack I wdn't have to shop at Walmart if I had your "be unfunny on daytime TV for  100k" gig
Me walking thru Walmart yesterday  Chrissstiaaannn 
 Walmart need go do better
so I was at Walmart n these people just walked straight out w a brand new flat screen n security gon say hey hey .. well Im not chasin em😂😩
I just entered to win a  165 Walmart gift card! You can enter here:
 __MackMan us at Walmart last night 
checking outta walmart tho
 Pixxo_ time when walmart goes from moderaly sane to padded walls of trampling hell
I can't wait to watch all of the videos of trashy people fighting over cheap tvs at Walmart
 happybirthdaytome   Walmart Huntsville - Memorial Pkwy SW 
 JACKSBLOOM not at Walmart. They said it was yesterday at 6pm
Any of my folks out there work at target/toys r us/walmart/barns and noble/kmart i gotta question
 P11nkXBL Walmart! Though I think it was a mistake... 😂😂😂
Holy shit. Reno Police investigating after deadly Walmart shooting 
 4for4_Josh probably cause they work for Walmart
 __Shawaga__ Please post this question to where it may be seen and addressed by our corporate support team. -Lisa
Thankful for  ShaylaAtkins11 selflessness. Aka going and getting my oil changed at Walmart on Black Friday because I had to work.
 davontejones_ Go peep walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Chandler, AZ w/  kennyman338  kushkoopa420 
Black Friday Madness: Two People Are Killed Outside A Macy’s And A Walmart 
and walmart, what kinda crack are you on where you think 28  is how much you charge for this?

I want to win a football party prize pack +  25  Walmart GC from  BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
I slick need to go to Walmart & cop some DVD's for the cheap cause it's Black Friday
 metrofla  SkeezyDonald Na, I live in East Texas, this kind of thing is seen daily at Walmart. Only difference they would have AR15's slung.
Super Walmart- Black Friday   4WordBargain
took sam to walmart and she's going grocery shopping .... lmao
In Reno someone got gunned down because of fighting over a parking spot right when doors opened at Walmart ...... ridiculous af
Lolo scored  BLACKFRIDAY   Walmart Honolulu 
Get Festive this Holiday Season with Christmas Sweaters from Walmart!  SaveMoneyStyleBetter via  WhispersInspire
I gotta shop Chanel and Walmart😍 So Imma Be Broke After I'm done shopping😩 
 Walmart y'all sell cuddles and back massages? Cause a nigga need some rn
I liked a  YouTube video HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US
Walmart' Black Friday in one video. 
i did not see posts when i first saw this that's for sure. Execs at  walmart have dirty minds.... 
 Walmart can eat my ass
 Walmart It really looks like they were never in stock at that price. So frustrating you advertise something that seems impossible to get. 😕
 JCharlesComedy haha I didn't know they sold that at Walmart/ASDA though?
 walmart  books  inspiration  windowsfromheaven by  matthewcseufer  shoponline  walmartonline  walmart.com... 
Walmart employees are so irritating.
I would want to go to Walmart when it's Black Friday just to pick up one item lol
My ass was really excited to go to Walmart today just to find out Black Friday was yesterday. I walked out with som… 
[walmart - marketplace] suporte para monitor multilaser (monitor stand) - r  36,06 
Kelly Price and Avant are about to be in concert right down the street and where am I going instead? Walmart 😑 what am I doing with my life?
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
Walmart x Black Friday Shopping = 
 GCrozB not a selling point. I don't shop at Walmart.
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
 ezpzmealz  Walmart  labreabakery Looks delicious will be trying this
 CodeNamePizza Oh Yes I Forgot To Tell You Which Walmart Its The One In Cypress Or Fairfield
It's some rude people in Walmart 😒
Walmart neighborhood market is blowing out turkeys for .50 a pound.  Bought my Xmas bird for  7.   frugalfriday  gobblegobble
 sacarest We're sorry you're having trouble with our website. Have you tried clearing cache/cookies or using another browser? -Katz
 Walmart nevermind I bought the item online  BestBuy
FUCK I have to try Walmart now it's packed and cops are everywhere
how many ppl do you think died at a walmart td
Going to walmart at 5:30 gonna  getshot
[walmart - marketplace] suporte para monitor  multilaser (monitor stand) - r  36,06 
Was browsing the internet for some television deals and Walmart had a 50" Samsung listed for  99. That can't be legit, right?
WOW!!! cannot even go out shopping... so awful.. Been telling people >>> 
5 Titilating Twitter Secrets From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
Dakota from Walmart just had a breakdown in front of me I hope you're okay girl
 Racingcatz I woke up at 4 then went to Walmart
got fleece legging at walmart for  5 👏👏👏
The amount of times I have been in Walmart the past 2 days is ridiculous
Everyone's going crazy   Walmart for  blackfriday sales and I'm in here like, "I just need some pull-ups for my 2yr old".  dadlife
You can't buy happiness for any price in life.
You can buy 52 chocolate chip cookies for  5 at  Walmart though.
When you buy 11 movies at Walmart for 27.00🙌🏻🙌🏻  illbeinmyroom
Want a big teddy bear from Walmart for 20 dollars ☹️️
 RobertIrvine Sidekicks available anywhere else besides Walmart?
 SamanthaBesaw you know Walmart actually has some good ones! Even the kiss brand works for me. The la lashes are good too:)
 BallBots. Right i walked into walmart last week and was like oh. Half price....... Thanks .
Kentabot is now checking 6,638 rollback products from Walmart/Baby for potential profit on Amazon!  KentaSourcing
I just entered to  win a  100 Walmart Gift Card. Have you entered?  free  sweeps 
Omg I almost went to this Walmart earlier before I was like nah lemme just go to HEB 
good fucking morning i took a dump at walmart then i have a good pooping night Love u all
oh yesterday at walmart all the people in line w me were super nice to me and a worker watched me to make sure i wasnt hurt... i was happy
SAN ANTONIO - One man is dead at the scene of a shooting in a Walmart parking lot located at 1603 Vance Jackson.  BREAKING  SanAntonio
What do you think of these easy holiday cookie recipes?  ad pic.twitter.com/AADN2py663  LpoiuWipidera
20 Shocking Portfolio Risk Management Secrets From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
Some guy at Walmart last night paid me 20 bucks to grab a ps4 so that he wouldn't have to fight for it.  makingmoneynotspending
Grace tried on this hat in Walmart, forgot and walked out with it on her head, no bells or whistles even went off.… 
 SimoneAllyne  giggleloop Because Walmart did all the specials yesterday.  The Walmart I work at was fucking packed last night.
 CubFoodsHelprs  cubfoods so frustrating Inver Grove Heights residents have to shop  Walmart for simple items like… 
 rainnwilson  Walmart this time I really did laugh out loud
 abaseballchick No mall or Walmart? What kind of sick place is that!?
 CamillaR_TV  Gruber_Hans_  News4SA  KABBFOX29    As we walk into a Walmart!!! Crazy man 
It's  blackfriday Time to watch videos of people having a brawl up at the walmart. 
These are still at my Walmart, only 6 Triceras & 1 Parazord. LOL😄 
 BigBootyMena I saw cops racing to the Walmart like around an hour ago
Saw a man today in Walmart grab all the Fitbit Alta's from the display, then proceeded to check them out 😞
 Walmart Giving Thanks. It’s good to be together. 
I got Battlefield one for  25 at Walmart just now  Lit
Walmart gives me the worst anxieties
Shop Black Friday Deals with Double Cash Back at Macy's, Kohl's, Walmart and More.
VIDEO: Walmart shoppers fight over towels, toys at Black Friday sale via  american_mirror Democrat shopper chaos...
Black Friday Violence Over A Walmart Parking Space And In Front Of Macy’s via  YouTube
If you're shopping at  Walmart at 3 am + you are buying trash bag's, bleach + gloves. I'm going 2 assume UR a serial killer  JoshMankiewicz
Went to Walmart, forgot what I came for, halfway home I remembered, Christmas lights.
So if y'all need a TV, I suggest looking at Walmart and waiting for these  100 Samsung deals to pop up.
seeing chris at walmart has been the highlight of my day i missed my best friend
Absolutely the worst reason for minimum parking regs. An "old" Walmart 
Pretty sure Walmart is God's punishment to mankind
Walmart be having me fucked up
Anybody wanna go to walmart and watch Black Friday fights with me?
Grab  NatureMadeAtWalmart vitamins and supplements! Enter for a chance to win:  SweepsEntry (No Purchase Necessary)
 Walmart every store in my area has no idea about the DC Mystery Funko box that was a Black Friday deal. Any suggestions?
CD man in Walmart parking lot is about to sign a  10 million contract. 🙄
Walmart literally had a 75" for 100 bucks.
Walmart kicks off its Cyber Week sale today


Even Walmart is packed bc Black Friday
Black Friday with my parents at Walmart.  Do you ever wonder if the person behind you in line is buying their serial murder kit????
 ^%&*  %&%  I HAVE TO GO TO WALMART! :(
Man shot and killed in walmart parking lot. Wtf black friday
I liked a  YouTube video from  toptrendscom The WORST Black Friday Shopping DISASTERS and FIGHTS (Walmart and
 Fusaah I know the feeling. I work at walmart. Tho you have it twice as hard.
 mrwalkitoff  In store, you can find them in our book section or if online, pls visit: We hope this helps! TY! -Katz
I'm at  Walmart in Riverdale, NJ 
The Walmart in Saltillo is so nice and organized omg 😍
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kenosha, WI 
Got mine 😁😁😁 but it wasn't at Walmart 
Omg 😩😒 Walmart didn't have my movie <<<< need to go to another one 😩
Hey check this out We've seen this several times here in St Louis. It's great!
 Walmart yes, everyone says they don't know when. I'm in Delaware, 19711
Went to Walmart today and had so many people stop us to look at Sutton 👶🏼💕
. Walmart: Nobody should lose their job because they're too sick to work. Adopt a healthy sick leave policy now! 
WalMart wasn't too bad. I got what I wanted/needed so I'm happy lol!
 MichaelDAprile1  Walmart I'm not sure what I enjoy more.. Your Black Friday sales or the fights that break out.   StayClassyPeople  USA
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Plano, TX 
OMG,  vudufans ups the price by  20 so they can claim it's 50% off. What a shitty move. That's the  Walmart way.… 
 ClubbyDubby it was 27 at Walmart
Cuz Walmart be hosting UFC events across the nation 
Fidlar at walmart 
I saw myself getting dressed to go to Walmart but .. Nah
View the  RetailStore  ActiveShooter  Safety video at  BlackFriday Walmart  Target  BestBuy… 
Walmart.... now im a believer....see you soon. Your customers and cashiers dont get all up in your biz.
BREAKING: Multiple people shot at NW Walmart 
shopping at Walmart when Aubrey goes up to a lady & asks where something is & she said, "umm I wouldn't know I don't work here"  blackfriday
They make up their own rules at  Walmart
Walmart still got day one. (Sorry for potato) 
submitted by   /u/AquaCornDog   to   /r/xboxone[link]   [comments]
Worst time ever spent ...,  Walmart
 Walmart ALL retail stores shld learn from them. Thanks also 2 all of ur hard workers who made the experience safe, fun, & fair! Well done!!
 Walmart learn from your fellow associates  ldybugholden We're sorry to hear that. What items were you looking for? Maybe we can help. -Sabi
 mak0ski  Walmart don't forget me...
But, I still go into  Walmart Trying to pay my Bills, but they've lost my business for that too .... NEVER!!!! Worst time of my life ever
Nothing is better than having your car breakdown in Walmart parking lot 🤗🤗
Totally using these when i go to Walmart  splendasavvies  sponsored 
Hollywood Legend Jon Voight Walks Into Walmart. Moments Later, Thanksgiving Miracle 
 ChrisDca a  26 blown-up canvas print from Walmart would have been plenty fine... ;)
Any good Black Friday stuff at Walmart — Yea hella tvs 
Kids Ride On Motorcycle Power Just  49.99! Was  119.99!  Black_Friday_Deals  Christmas_Deals  Walmart  Ride_On
Black + Decker Robotic Vacuum Just  196! Was  299!…  Black_Friday_Deals  Christmas_Deals  Walmart  Black_Decker
my cousin just finessed tf out of Walmart ! he's official lol
An act of kindness, a Cartier watch on and a food waste champion in  FiveThingsFriday:… 
walmart i love walmart 🙂 
Walmart nigga 
chanel vs walmart 
WE MISS REIGN 
Shoppers are saying fires over at Walmart, but people still are inside the mall. Hopefully this is a false alarm
My moms spent  300 at walmart... 150 at VS ... And like  300 on other  stores...And shes not even done smh
Stay tuned on SC. Walmart is gonna be lit🔥🔥🔥  KirkStilwell  DepewCasey
This girl at Walmart just saw me talking to myself and I'm so embarrassed I'm never going outside again
It's already gotten to the point that I dread going into  Walmart
 cranstonl1972 as they should be. Do what  MurderBryan &  willmenaker suggested and nationalize Walmart
 TeejTheBeardGod  black_taco_ we be at walmart late night too 😂
 _neneraww I did I only went to Walmart and jcpenny I wanted to go back but they was wrestling over deep freezers
I wanna go to Walmart tonight
Follow  WaterWipesUSA, the world's purest baby wipe, for info on chemical free wipes!  WaterWipesWalmart  contest 
Why am I at Kmart. This is literally the worst store I've ever been to. 😂 Walmart is like a Gucci store compared to this place! 😂
Some old man just walked by me in Walmart and said mmmm dang girl... umm NO please help sos goodbye!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 lilhjohnson  girlposts Walmart stop soon?!?!
Black Friday at Walmart...?! Front row parking.  timeofdaymatters… 
 Walmart Thanks!  I hope yours was as well!
 Walmart So no, "hey what can we do to make things right?" your customer service sucks ass  walmart  walmartsucksass  bad  target  amazon
Is food discounted in Walmart today
Pretty happy about my Cyber Black Friday online sales. Walmart was the secret ingredient. 
good Walmart run we did 😂  RichAeryn
 KyngAlejandro_  AmiiboNews I'm talking about the animal crossing amiibo 3 pack, it's  10 in Walmart but  36 in toysrus.
Walmart Canada Black Friday Deals: Save 38% off Black & Decker Crush Blender, 40% on T-fal… 
Nothing tests my patience more than Walmart...
Hearing about a shooting at Walmart in San Antonio. Developing  CBSNLive  cbsradionews  cbseveningnews
Super impressed by both the quality and affordability of my  HeresHardCandy  Walmart Black Friday buys ❤️❤️❤️
My favorite game to play when I'm home on break is "Can Get In and Out of Walmart Without Seeing Someone I Know"
 _MsHoneyDipXO right lmao and Walmart 😂😂
Why does  Walmart have the worst customer service EVER!!!!
The bells have started ringing at walmart..
After going to both Target and Walmart on Black Friday, I've concluded shoppers are equally ridiculous at each store.
 EuhedralCrystal no its not, its basically a Walmart :P
 stapf  CoolMomentum  Target  Walmart Need to remember moral offsets doesn't make a company good & that's what this is for some like Walmart
 nypost  karenmcallier Who says it was an accident? Imagine all of those TVs at the early opening Walmart-"KENMORE or less" new meaning
Parking Lot Dispute Leaves 1 Dead at WALMART... 
HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US 
Getting a tire at Walmart takes forever 😑
 NotPatrick Walmart worthy Doorbuster that is right there.
I liked a  YouTube video from  gabeflowers WALMART "MAKING CUPCAKES" COMMERCIAL |  WalmartFamilyMobile
Walmart kicks off its Cyber Week sale today 
. KSATpilar at the scene of a shooting at  Walmart on  BlackFriday -- 1 person is dead. Follow her for details as they come on.  KSATnews
I have to commend  Walmart for their amazing  blackfriday sales event. Incredibly organized, plenty of staffing, easy to check out. (1of2)
Walmart need some milk.
Why were we in Walmart acting out 😂😂 can't take Michael no where
 Walmart I will discuss it privately with someone in upper management-corporate headquarters.message my inbox with phone number to corporate
 KatiiO84 I hate the people at the Walmart in nogi ☹️️all the mexas that cross are hella rude 👎🏽
 KiaWilson00 walmart has aloe infused ones for 2.97 i believe and target has some in the  1 section!!
Working next to a Walmart and BestBuy I thought it would be busy yofay
Walmart had 55 4K jones for 299  best deal I seen 
 truucas bro that shit is like an overhype/overpriced tacky WalMart brand or some shit
Just went to Walmart on Black Friday and didn't make any impulse buys
In the spirit of Christmas,  amazon &  Walmart should buy back all NES Classics they sold to scalpers & sell them for  60 to real customers.
Titanfall 2 only 35 bucks (28 for the disc at Walmart)? All DLC maps are free? I think you sold me EA.
 readyforhighest Hi Melanie - Did you know you can reach support from your Family Mobile phone by dialing 611? -Rick
 Walmart LOLOLOLOLOLOL WTF IS THIS 😂😂😂😂😂😂 
No exaggeration.. I've been in Walmart like 8 times this week.
Maybe there'll be less WorldStar fight vids today from BestBuy/Walmart... but then again BLM will probably be rioti… 
rip someone go walmart with me
I liked a  YouTube video BLACK FRIDAY SHOPPING! - BUYING POKEMON CARDS at WALMART AND TARGET!
Walmart sucks.
thankfully we're shop at walmart but voted for bernie white, not the KKK aren't that bad white
I hate Walmart but I seem to always be here 🙄
-you are not a savage unless you pushed & shoved ppl at walmart last night tryna get the toy the workers nvr even unwrap yet🙊😂
C'mon folks. Really!?
 From  KENS5: One dead in shooting at Walmart on Vance Jackson

 
 liIdoom bed, bath, and beyond! Or maybe target or Walmart?
Bless Walmart is all I have to say 👀😂😂
Or like comparing food banks to Walmart or something like that
 Gio2Saucyy  daregio I dare you to go I'm Walmart and make a toilet paper fort without getting caught
Y'all I got a 6 foot mirror yesterday & it didn't fit in Javi's car, so he helped me walk it to my house. Good thing I live near Walmart 😅
Wal-Mart Loses Pay Fight With California Truck Drivers - CBS Local 
 Walmart 51 yrs old. Went 2 buy cigs. Happened 2 say "That's what she smokes" & was told cld not sell them 2 me since it was a 3rd purchase!
😂😂😂man go to Walmart in the food section and get either coconut oil, grape seed oil, avocado oil, or castor oil (if… 
I always knew somebody was going to crash into that house by Walmart..
Walmart is fucking ridiculous right now...I'm just tryna get a filter for the vacuum man
somebody come to walmart with me
 chelseaWOWKTV I went to the Cannonsburg Walmart this afternoon and it wasn't any crazier than usual.
I didn't go to bed until 4 am because I went to Walmart to get mark an ultra hd tv...and I work a 10:30-7 shift today. So worth it though
My dads doing a Walmart run for me on the way to my house ... I feel like a kid again 😂
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART 
Happy Black Friday! Or, as the Walton family (owners of Walmart) call it: CHRISTMAS! 🎄🤑💸🎅🏼
Breaking: Multiple people shot at Walmart in northwest San Antonio 
Walmart: 40 Play-Doh Super Colors Only  13.34 (Just 33¢ Per Container) via Couponing to Disney - ... 
That remarkably funny, I'm not happy with the first survey, so I'm asked to complete a different survey. 
 beyondvibess  _ErielJ 98 cent at walmart
"Yea thief kind of stuff can, happen but  607 for a 60" HD TV - it's worth the risk". Random Walmart Shoppe 
Developing: One man is dead at the scene of a shooting in a Walmart parking lot in San Antonio… 
Breaking News: ISIS Leader Killed in Black Friday Stampede at Walmart - via  mideastbeasties
Developing: One man is dead at the scene of a shooting in a Walmart parking lot in San Antonio.

 WatchCBS19 
Black Friday: Xbox One S 500GB Console Bundle only  249 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at ... 
 SsssamanthaaMUA Meanwhile in the US someone is dropkicking someone else in a Walmart for a vacuum or something
 Walmart Your Seaford, DE store has some pretty awful customer service.  Half of their Black Friday sales weren't accurate to the printed ad
If I had a boo I'd get her the Walmart shit that look just like it. It for 5 bucks 
I wish people would get excited about important things as much as they do over Black Friday towels at Walmart... 
Who tryna get me this 50" TV for  225 from Walmart though
Even on Black Friday out of 30 registers WalMart only has 5 open. Smfh...
“HIV Virus” Detected In Walmart Bananas After 10 Year Old Boy Contracts The Virus 
Standing in Walmart alone
i'm seeing everyone here at walmart and i look like 💩
Just made a new video! I explored around Walmart and even got a new car!
New Car??? via  YouTube
8 Awesome Video Editing Secrets From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
Black Friday Madness: Two People are Killed Outside a Macy’s and a Walmart via  realalexjones
LMAO THE GUY AT WALMART THOUGHT I WAS MY SISTER AND HER FRIENDS MOM I WAS LIKE UH NO I AINT THAT OLD
At these prices you can get a  tv in every room  walmart  southsurrey   Wal-Mart Supercentre 
 krg23 Oh dear, haha. Maybe some hair ties, head bands, hair clips. Any drug store or Walmart or Target would have that
 ItsJustB0bby that Walmart deal?!
1 killed in shooting at Walmart on Vance Jackson

 erinthemango you know, maybe community college and walmart is all someone can afford... i know you didn't mean to sound like that
Wally world haha   Walmart Shawnessy 
Chanel vs Walmart 
Letting you know that me and my boi  omeez10 aren't doing  blackfriday We are just getting commodities at Walmart… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Floresville, TX w/  cherveny 
Shopkins Shoppies Gemma Stone Doll ONLY  20 (Regularly  42)
HERE----------->LIKE if your... 
 00Msheep00 It's Best Buy now Walmart is so last year....
 alisonbrantley  meijer  Walmart Yay! You should do that in the first place  SaveMoneyLiveBetter
Go to WalMart, and never come back.. and maybe someday settle down with some small-town boy with small town hopes...she  >   PineIsDevine
 Icepaws Please visit to share your thoughts  with our corporate support team. Thank you for your feedback. -Lisa
Walmart Canada Black Friday Deals: Save 38% off Black & Decker Crush Blender… ^.^ only 1 day
Man I'm in Walmart listening to this lady get out on these workers.. if I was one I would just have to walk off
Black Friday chaos. A tradition unlike any other. 
Walmart went out-of-stock for 13% of its sample electronics assortment on Black Friday, compared to 0% on Thanksgiv… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lithonia, GA 
 kebuckk walmart was the worst i got one movie....
 Jgmfan We're sorry to hear about the trouble with your order. Please visit  so we can help you.. -Katz
walmart i think 
 CHEYCLOPTON ... tell me it wasn't the Walmart kind
Tucson has a green Walmart.. what is wrong with this place 🙄 😈👊🏻  BeattheCats  GoDevils
Lots of  tvs ob sale at  Walmart  southsurrrey  blackfriday   Wal-Mart Supercentre 
 MethSoup wtf FIDLAR?!?! At Walmart?!
I'll never forget these mothers fighting over Tupperware in Walmart a couple years ago  blackfridayshopping
1D is playing while I'm at Walmart and all I can think about is  amyshaped and  offkeyanthem
 DISKingdom Hadn't seen a post for these--new Walmart exclusive Tsum Tsum mystery packs 
There was a damn shooting at the walmart im at man
Doug McMillon Discusses Walmart’s Investments in Peo...  AmazonProducts  Drones  GamingPC 
Walmart had a whole big section of sun devil ornaments 😷😷😷😷
Will Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Skin Care?
 blackfridayshopping does it count if I went to walmart on black friday and all I bought was cheese doodles?
Hey Jeff Long. Do something dynamic for a change. Offer Tom Herman a job. Spend that WalMart money.  TrulyBlackFriday
I liked a  YouTube video from  lucascruikshank F*CK YOU WALMART!! *WARNING: MOIST*
 Walmart and their "union busting" video aka New Employee Orientation.  
 lindssuth Walmart lol
Thank God I quit my job at Walmart many seventh years ago especially i didn't want to end up in a mob crowd of death.
 realDonaldTrump I went to a Walmart today this whole Black Friday thing is pretty racist
Walmart Canada - TMNT: Out of the Shadows Cowabunga Collectable Git Set ... via  YouTube
All yall was at Walmart last night 
Don't talk to me
 mcnabbychic I would take u to Walmart.
People always wanna be serious without begin humorous they'll end of like Smeagol but not a cashier at Walmart he l… 
 blackfriday   Once you go Black Friday, you won't go back to....Walmart.
So this grown white man and his son following me around Walmart I look up and smile at him finally then he says " wow your gorgeous"
One dead in shooting at San Antonio Walmart 
Well  tylerwardlow51 and I were out of Walmart in an hour and spent  650. The most for the register that night
Walmart Canada tests 3D printed products in time for Christmas  imaterialize 
Those whom work at Best Buy and Walmart on those days should get triple hourly rate. 
 GoffBernadette  AlyciaRose8 why let a 5 yr old in the restroom alone and  you're concerned? Walmart has family ones, you don't use those?
Holiday price war heats up as Walmart, Target chase Amazon - The Denver Post 
Still in walmart
Name brand vs. Walmart 
 ChrisTheHoff can't get any better than this.  amiibo  blackfriday 


this was me at Walmart earlier 😂😂 
Shoppers Flock To The Internet Over Stores  Payments
 pitchedhalo13 just a half day canoe trip to the nearest Walmart!
I've been to Walmart three times in the past 24 hours. I promise no one comes here as much as me.
Walmart had socks for 3  i racked tf up
why are people shooting each other at Walmart ... Black Friday ain't that serious
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <[B8q> 
WALMART SHOOTING UPDATE: Multiple people shot at Northwest Walmart on Vance Jackson, SAPD says.  News4SA  KABBFOX29
Okay I see you 👀  Walmart 
So Walmart sell Js now?!?👀
Join now! There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
I liked a  YouTube video from  therealrtu Please, PLEASE DO NOT BUY AN NES Classic From Walmart For  500!
 StefanMolyneux  BreitbartNews It's always at Walmart.. 🤔
NORMALLY  127 check out the deal & y'all download the app! Deidre has deals like this all the time every day! 
 Anne_McKay I went to Walmart the other night and saw 10 people literally
Lol my almost two year old slapped me in the face at Walmart yesterday when i asked for a kiss. He's 2! End of. He… 
Two Guys Make Full On Home Renovations Inside a Walmart Toilet Paper Aisle

Police responding to report of shots fired near Northwest Side Walmart 
28  legalshield PLZ DEP.  1M RIGHT AWAY THX R031311807 0053312142  SUE  SETTLEMENT  PAYROLL  Walmart… 
Black Friday Fight Walmart 2016 - 2016 Black Friday Fight Walmart | Black Friday Attack 2016 Brawl 
Lets spend the  holidayswithbetty &  walmart >ad   lilpinebakery
There isn't anything in Walmart that is better than cuddling with my dog today...also I'm not fond of being tackled😕  blackfriday
Have you picked up your ridiculously cheap award-winning  wine from  Walmart? 
Strawberry Shortcake: Campberry Stories (2016)  [ Save 75% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
They found a dead body at the Walmart by my house 😯
Pretty purple MODA brushes from  jodiglamgirl, who loves that each brush is marked with its specific use. Find thes… 
bffs who work at walmart but also feel like theyre in a void n then everetts bike gets stolen by someone who (redacts everything else)
6 bucks at Walmart, I got you for  2.50 fam
Just seeing how much Walmart is selling some of their products for, just imagine how cheap they must be buying it.
Paper plates hunting! (at  Walmart in Greendale, WI) 
That moment when your mom is singing "Time of my life" in the middle of Walmart and you remember doing the same last week.
One dead in shooting at San Antonio Walmart: 
I've been itchin to go to Walmart Lol soooo many things I want to get!
Why did I even come to Walmart this shit is so fucking ghetto
. Walmart most competitive in the market on both  Toys and  VideoGames/Consoles with an average of 34% & 46% off respectively  BlackFriday
Black Friday and i'm sure WalMart still had 3 lines open lol
Protesters demand  15 minimum wage outside N.J. Walmart  Fightfor15  RaiseTheWage  Walmart  
Gonna go back to Walmart is there anything even left to buy
Chaos Surrounding Walmart's 'Bigger & Blacker Black Friday' Increases  BlackFriday 
Shop and save big at the Walmart Cyber Week! Deep discounts on toys, clothes, kitchen items & more: 
 Walmart Just released their  CyberMonday Deals!!  
Breaking News: ISIS Leader Killed in Black Friday Stampede at Walmart - The Mideast Beast 
This woman in Walmart deliberately attempted to skip me in line everything I moved up she moved up so I just said fuck it and left
Walmart so petty , wait till a nigga get on his last hour then send me home talking bout I got overtime
 VidulaSaix I called Walmart and they don't have it
I was at that Walmart today 😁😨
 dangeredwolf Especially Walmart
We were finally able to find AHS Asylum   walmart. Every time we go they are out. So now we have the 3 best season on DVD. Finally!
Fixing to go buy all the vampire diaries at Walmart and go get some food
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's Top 5 Little-known Tcp/ip Networking Tips
⒈  IAmThankfulFor
⒉ Black Friday
⒊ Walmart
⒋ Moana
⒌ Plaza

2016/11/25 18:53 AST  trndnl 
 Walmart after terrible service from your local store and your 800 customer service line I will no longer shop at your stores  Target
I'm in the men's sweatpants section of Walmart. It smells like weed.
It just wouldn't be  BlackFriday without somebody getting killed over a parking space story.  BlackFridayShopping 
 CheapyD  Shipwreck  NewWombat who knew Wii music was so popular at  Walmart 
Just went to Walmart and bought beer and anti-itch cream 😂😂 Poison Ivy in November sucks 😅
 GainzRUs everyone in our barracks is suiting up for war right now for when we go to bestbuy and Walmart
 Cool_Mintz Other than Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart...for old skool try a vintage record (vinyl) store, a pawn shop or Craigslist etc.
 CdnBeacon  802Tophat  Walmart how do you know it's rate limit and not just shitty?
 rockykramer  DannyZuker At a WalMart...
I bought Asher a Black & Decker woodworking toy bench and my elf has been in Walmart customer service 30 minutes now trying to pick it up. 😏
Dudes dying at Walmart. Smh America.
Upskirted blonde in Walmart 
I swear people at Walmart WANT to be ran over 🙄😡
So pokemon sun and moon are sold out in walmart 🙂
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 15 Hair Curling Secrets
VIDEO: Walmart shoppers fight over towels, toys at Black Friday sale 
SEASONS BEATINGS: Walmart shopper tries to kick child on Black Friday 
 LadyRoseTheOne Did you speak to Customer Service when they expected to be back in stock? -Sabi
 Puertorock_AAGE my wife is manager at Walmart and her store sold completely out of PS4s, Slims and Pros and still had XB1 and XB1s
 DannyZuker at WalMart
 BrenDee85 I'm staying home. I'll go out tomorrow. Walmart, haircut.
Shopper Shoots and Kills 1 Person Over a Walmart Parking Spot 
I'm tryna work 2 jobs as much as i hate walmart & how bad i couldn't wait to leave now that i got the opportunity im just like i can do both
 cvan_1 what about walmart?
. ezpzmealz  Walmart  We can't wait to try this!
Don't waste your time Canadians.  Walmart Black Friday is virtually nothing.
BREAKING: One dead in shooting at Walmart on Vance Jackson. >>>>

(Via KENS 5) 
 TMobile Holiday at families w/o service area = no fun. No service in Walmart communities?
Survived  blackfriday with my baby last night in Asheville. Went to Walmart and only bought socks and pajamas… 
my friend was at Walmart at 6am for a sale on sharpies😂😭😭😭😭 
I checked in at Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp 
 dtrainor4 Walmart.
 walmart holy fuck
 MonaBaaay I thought that's just how walmart smelled
. Target  Walmart lead top 10 corporate  solar adopters  Apple  Costco  renewables  energy
 TheDanicaLee Yup. I have collected Houston Walmart & Modesto mall B.F. 2016 fights from Facebook & Twitter.
See other new ones, lemme know.
I don't have time anyways. But I may check out Walmart for some movies
Dragging myself out to Walmart (again) to look for a macbook case
walmart lines forever long
One man is dead at the scene of a shooting in a Walmart parking lot located at 1603 Vance Jackson.

 isaac_guts jimmy aand alberto are coming rn. When they get here, we're going to walmart to pick up a bunch of stupid stuff to eat
kill me if you ever catch me at the walmart in baytown
Headed to Walmart......a little late.  blackfriday
 trextr Walmart
Lost in Time +  100 Walmart Gift Card Giveaway via  SandySandmeyer 
 denis_belkov  ThomasSanders  vine must not have gone to walmart. That was Oct 11
What's with niggas and setting off stink bombs in Walmart
4 shot 2 dead black friday walmart customers being shot over parking spots im ok with this.
Mobile Gaining Share in Black Friday Cyber Rush 
This is the shit I witness in Walmart. Girl, you do not need 4 kids!!! 
 ahh_sht lmao is walmart ever safe
 Gio2Saucyy  Gio2Saucyy  DareGio I dare you to call A store (Ex. Walmart) and try to hook up with one of the workers .
Walked into Walmart on  BlackFriday for a shower curtain and immediately turned around. I will take a bath tonight.
 BREAKING:  SAPD confirms shooting at  Walmart on Vance Jackson. Chief McManus en route. Details at 5  News4SA
 TJ_Pittinger why you lookin like a Walmart brand jimbo smh
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses  blockchains to monitor food 
 Gio2Saucyy  DareGio I dare you to call A store (Ex. Walmart) and try to hook up with one of the workers
I may not buy ingredients at Walmart but sharing so I can make this. 
 lizzlee__  so curse Walmart out they  got me here all damn day 🙄
"There is nothing in Walmart worth getting trampled over" -  BillBurr hates... by  TeamCoco via  c0nvey
We scored The Lego Movie on Blu-ray for  6 at Walmart.  blackfriday  shopping  deals  legomovie 
There's a cute guy at Walmart. This is unreal! 😂
Deals to help you save!

Couponing at Walmart: Top Deals Under  1.00 


Sweet! Today only  99 Straight Talk Apple iPhone 5S 16GB 4G LTE Prepaid plans at 
Spending 4 hours in the Walmart cloths section without sales is not black Friday shopping.
So I normally spend more   than I like on decent nail polish.I got this color for like  3 at Walmart,painted Monday😳 
Just bought a pumpkin pie and me and cody ate it all with our bare hands in front of walmart, people looked at us like we were primitive
.
 GreggDrewandJim 
.. Wondered.. !!!
Just got back from WALMART
for Game Supplies!!

Idiot is ALL OVER ME!!
...Wondered Why...
.
Was only in Walmart for 15 minutes, but I will never shop on Black Friday ever again🙃
If you want to see what's wrong with the world, go to Walmart and Little Caesars.
Best Black Friday 2016 deals available online: Walmart, Staples, J.C. Pe.. Related Articles: 
It official I'm writing  Walmart off... I waited for my order over a hour for them to tell they can't find it like wtf
I spent an hour and a half in Walmart blood.
 GhostxBath no best but was super quick. We went to target and Walmart too
NES Classic Edition Walmart, GameStop, Target, what’s back in stock today: Where can I invest in a Nintendo NES…… 
I really wanted Beauty and the Beast and I couldn't find it in the stores or they wouldn't price match to Walmart 😫😫
A  100 Walmart purchase is perfectly fine but a  5 Steam game sets off  WellsFargo's fraud detection.
 SecretAgentHush Did you speak with a manager about the wristband delay? And were you able to purchase the TV you wanted? -Lisa
 baileyridgwayy  phunghole  erinthemango they sell UW and WSU shit at walmart??? didn't know u couldn't support a team without going there
Breaking news from mySA: SAPD responding to report of shots fired near NW Side Walmart; Chief McManus en route to... 
Catch me at your local Walmart working ten hours on Black Friday.
 Walmart be selling dreams...
connors so ugly for never coming home....who's gonna hold my hand in walmart and drink 42oz slushies w/ me. i only have 2 hands
TARGET and WALMART felling heat stress from earlier today, see you tomorrow . . . sorry folks, soft stalk me later!
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
You know you're fried when you lose your car in a Walmart parking lot and it takes you 10 minutes to find it
 r0semaryg  BorisJohnson Bee Pollen Supplement; mine from Walmart
Walmart tries using  blockchain to take unsafe food off shelves 
 amorchante_ got me asking my mama to catch me a chrome cast on sale at walmart 😂😂
 reauxpudu found at walmart if you wanna go look :3
In DeSoto at a local  Walmart. A TON of  GoBucks fans here rooting for  treydayy_ ( DeSotoU) &  JT_theQB4th ( ROHO)

 DesotoFB
 RohoFootball
Was going to hit up Walmart for some contact juice , then I realized it's Black Friday lol
 OhNoAva_tK yeah I had a like 22" or something from Walmart back in college and like 10% of the pixels burnt out within a year lmao
I didn't work early as fuck to come home and not see some ratchet ass fights at Walmart
 OhNoAva_tK look at their reviews on their other TV’s on Not the best reviews
 rfc1505 Sorry to hear that this has happened in the past. Definitely send your feedback to us thru: for review. -DA
Storytime | Walmart Rant | Marti Lynnette: via  YouTube
If you shop on line you will run the small business owners out of business just like Walmart did .Go trump
All the Best Non-Tech Deals for Black Friday 2016, Because You're an Adult Now  Thrillist 
My mission to get to Walmart will start shortly. Wish me luck. This is my first time Black Friday shopping.
I don't like making Walmart trips by myself. 😶
...,,and a 4 year old miscreant in Walmart just called me a bitch!black Friday is a beast.  ijustwantedsomecoffee
Me vs  Walmart right now 
My baby cousin works at Walmart she said the store opened yesterday at 6 and there a fight by 6:45 smh
I didnt do much shopping today but I did find this for cheap at Walmart 👀 
 angel_txt but there is way too many people here and it's too loud, I hate working at Walmart
1 killed in shooting at Walmart on Vance Jackson KSATnews 
Life’s Too Short to Fight in a Walmart Parking Lot at 3:00 in the Morning 
Walmart Got Apple Headphones For The Low..😭😭
 gingertafoya Walmart 😂
How the fuck told me to stop at Walmart before work on black Friday..... 😠😠😠😠
 allynicoleyoun2 and we shot it yesterday. He went and bought ammo at Walmart then DNR showed up. Lol
 LateandDirty You were asking about Black Friday fights. Here's a short AMA from a Walmart employee.

i was at walmart & i was wearing ripped jeans & this guy walks past & goes "i bet ur looking for some jeans!" haha so funnY FUC OFF OLD MAN
In Walmart lookin for shit to steal
My moms just got that smart TV from Walmart just cus the Bitch was cheap. 💀
Wonder how many men will get home from work to find the old lady pouting in a ball on the couch cause  walmart didn't have the  20K earings
 vaughtsviews I heard people talking about it last night at Walmart! They already have letters from santa made up on google!
If anyone is trying to get a tv Kerman Walmart has a 50" element  225(10) and a 60" Visio  398 (3)
those  8 blankets at walmart are the best i have 3 of em
listen i took a selfie in walmart and this guy told me "you're already pretty enough" ???????
y'all i just bought horrible bosses 1 & 2 at walmart for  4 so i can Finally watch it
Kids Christmas out fits are from etsy and gap... Mine is from Walmart... 😂  momlife
our big friday night is going to walmart.😅  imissgoingout
And now I'm at Walmart buying my mom milk
 Michael03118389 That's right! Selected games are available for this price. What games were you looking for? -Sabi
Life’s Too Short to Lose Your Head in a Walmart Parking Lot at 3 A.M.  CharlesSizemore

And I hate Walmart.🙄
Make a  Christmas wish come true when you donate a toy, or coat, at  Walmart it will make a world of difference for… 
Walmart Canada Black Friday Deals: Save 38% off Black & Decker Crush Blender, 40% on T-fal Super Gril & 30% on Blac… 
i came to the conclusion that half of texas works at walmart
To protect food safety, Walmart tests  blockchain  tech to timestamp product  data & record changes  retail  recall
 johnkennex i saw veep on sale at walmart and almost got it for u but u have hbo go so i didn't
Another beauty from our Dec. 6th auction in New Castle: 2011  Peterbilt 386 direct from  Walmart & selling absolute… 
Don't forget to stock up on these before holiday  pies!   Yummy  ad 
Working at Walmart you ain't never gotta worry about no hours cause they ass gone make sure you in that bitch sun up to sun down😩💯
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Big  Mac®  Extra  Value  Meal  with  medium  coffee - Save  1.50 on Any  Extra... 
Man nobody come to Walmart today fuck.
Police responding to report of shots fired near Northwest Side Walmart via  mySA
Nothing better than shopping at the Bastrop Walmart & Goodwill🙂😅
You can grill on the egg by the pool.  Walmart is open.  You can buy grilling things.
While everyone in Walmart is fighting over TVs. I'm just casually buying some chocolate milk and on my way. Idgaf about no Black Friday😂
Attention any driver that is driving Uber. There's been a shooting at the Walmart on Vance Jackson.
My wife likes Target and I like Walmart.
One person dead in shooting at Walmart on I-10, Vance Jackson.  SATXPolice Chief William McManus on way to give det… 
Home Depot, Walmart I think cvs 
 ednews DianeRavitch– Work is a gift our kids can handle | Acton PowerBlog Funded by Betsy DeVos: Put our kids to… 
Not really sure how many carts got shoved up my ass last night at Walmart.....
Ppl was really eating this nasty ass Walmart food for thanksgiving
Good deal on these.  9.93 at Walmart. Great for putting together Christmas sets.  allsetnow… 
Yesterday I met a guy who told us about his class of '91 pburg football team. Today I saw him working carts at Walmart. I'm sad now.
I went to Walmart with high expectations for myself but walked out with two boxes of white fudge oreos, doritos, and juicy fruit.
/r/amiibo took a picture Walmart's Reese amiibo at their house
Sure could.  BigFatDaddys But Walmart is an Org that has chosen to squeeze workers for decades. They're learning its an unsustainable model
I guess I'll go in Walmart & buy all type of stuff
 JasonMerbach Please send your info to our online Help Desk thru for assistance with your order. -DA
 Braylynd10  Izac991 so boy can stay looking like he shop at Walmart while us, "gay" dudes slide in his dream girl dm with our ripped jeans
 MartinezzXavier I dropped 100 at Walmart no joke 😕
this is so offensive. like to compare two things with 'chanel vs walmart" is so rude. if you did two of isaks hats… 
Target & Walmart 
Viagra Generic Walmart & Best Prices For Viagra 100mg & Cheapest Generic Viagra & Viagra Vs Cialis 
That Black Friday deal is really NOT THAT IMPORTANT PEOPLE!!!! 
I imagine that Black Friday at Walmart, is a lot like Taco Bell on 4/20.
if i see any1 i know in walmart i am finna shoot myself
Walmart got 55 inch tvs for  298 .. I was so tempted 🙄
I hate Walmart
We went to Walmart for Black Friday — and it was nothing like we expected - Business Insider 
i need this and the light up walmart brand christmas sweater i saw 
Someone blew the power out at Rancho Cordova Walmart and so much was stolen. :(
twenty one pilots was playing on the car radio and now a different song is playing in walmart. i can't escape. sos make it stop.
I received  10 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Exclusive!! Walmart Store on TEXAS under MARTIAL LAW Operation! (Video E... 
Two weeks after Christmas and go to walmart and see your present she bought you and it was alot of money *thank you… 
. Walmart ok I ordered online & wrong item was sent, I had copy of email saying what I ordered back in August & now in November a refund 😳
Chanel vs Walmart
Drinking a Take Your Pilz by Galileo's Bane Brewing at  walmart — 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
 Brew_Stew like how does it get more redneck than Walmart.... But it does
I be jocin walmart hard af 🙄
Walmart got them 3s for 300 lol
Chaos at Walmart as Black Friday shoppers battle for toys / Sure a lot of smiles for chaos
 0bessivley_thin Kroger in the diet section, I know Walmart sells them too but I'm not sure about Publix
Deadass forgot it was Black Friday, just got jumped by some 8 year olds while I was tryna buy myself a flash action figure at Walmart.. 😐😐
 HumanaHelp Is  kroger a preferred pharmacy for your Part D Plans or only Walmart /Walgreens. Can't get str8 answer & website contradicts
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <aJHw> 
 DeyNoFunny  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
Black Friday is the one day homophobic, sexist, racist, misogynist pigs flood white trash Walmart and act like valley girls
 FuckBlackFriday
Xbox One S 500GB Console, Your Choice of 4k UltraHD Movie, and  20 Walmart Gift Card  249 via Wal-Mart 
Casually strolled into my local Walmart at 2PM and was able to snag this bad boy. Very excited.  Nintendo  3DS 
Just realized I need to go to Walmart but the way Black Friday is set up I'm not going anywhere near that till tomorrow night
 wemirilliams i think you can at walmart but i'm not 100%
Yall fighting in Walmart on black Friday over Acer computers and toilet paper huh
Fr just left target with 3 shopping carts.... and I'm on my way to walmart.. Happy Black Friday!! 😂💁🏻
If you come to New Bern you are guaranteed to see everyone and they mama at Walmart or the mall
I think I picked the wrong day to go to Walmart for paper towels. Got into huge fight over them.
im so glad i dont work at walmart anymore, black friday made me want to commit
Chanel vs. Walmart  albatieneelpussykmana 
Save big at  Walmart on  Oreo with this deal! >>>  
 snackandsave  OREOcookies
 walmart  ad 
Some crazy shit can happen in Walmart
When you successfully go to Walmart without seeing anyone you know 
believe we need to take a trip to Walmart ... I need a new lamp !
Walmart in Bainbridge, Georgia, showed shoppers fighting over towels  that were on sale for  1.60
 BlackFriday 
Oi! Walmart! Phone/Fax  512-292-0346 can stop trying to send faxes to my home phone at some point in time today. 6 times so far!
Walmart Canada tests 3D printed products in time for Christmas 
Still can't believe the fight I witnessed at Walmart today over a black Friday deal 😳 Someone seriously could have died  WakeUpAmerica
I just broke a glass in Walmart 😤😭
 karleeperkins two pregnant women got in a fist fight at Walmart and that was just wild
Man Covington Walmart came in clutch 🙏🏾🙏🏾
Heading into the Lions den. That's right, i'm going to Walmart.... On Black Friday! Dun dun dun!!!!!
 h3h3productions thankfully that doesn't happen around my local Walmart
 M2x__ Walmart.. Wyd
Weeeeee Doggies Jethro......Somebody done been to Walmart.....yep..you can't hide Redneck 
 petalbcby  quccnlena shut it walmart version of bonnie 2.0
How I ended up at Walmart on Black Friday is largely irrelevant but trust me when I say it was a mistake.
Indian top e-tailer eyes groceries | Walmart to track fresh produce

Had to take a shit in a Walmart bathroom because I've been in a car for 10 hours. I love life
too bad I couldn't make it to walmart or the mall today to see the chaos
Black Friday 2016 deals watch: Walmart's best Black Friday deals - Yahoo Sports: Yahoo Sports Black Friday 2016…… 
Walmart was so crowded yesterday bruh
I went to walmart, it was a mistake
 pewdiepie Walmart
Omg I look like Walmart compared to her 
Look what I found at Walmart! 
 rookie KYLE SCHWARBER 2016 TOPPS RC WALMART EXCLUSIVE HOLIDAY SNOWFLAKE ROOKIE  HMW81 
Breaking News: ISIS Leader Killed in Black Friday Stampede at Walmart - The Mideast Beast - via  HadToHappenSometime
I definitely just spent way to much on my dogs at Walmart....
 rarsneezes walmart had like, less than 30 total when i went there
 xoCrimsonBliss what we get everytime we go to walmart 
Spent  400 at Walmart,  50 at Bestbuy,  200 at Nike and  250 at JCPenny and I still need to go to Polo to get my parents cloths 😭😭😭
 malbiffle You have to be at Walmart...
Going to LaVale Walmart for mascara and a picture frame. Someone hold my hand please, I'm nervous.
I will never shop  Walmart ever again
 crystalrenaud  Walmart very grateful for time w/ family 😍🦃
Walmart Black Friday. 4.00 each. 
VIDEO: Walmart shoppers fight over towels, toys at Black Friday sale 
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
 HillaryClitnton supporters cheered Crankles while she was  FLOTUS & on Board of Directors at Walmart.   teamtrump
Out of ALL the days we can go buy coffee.. My mom wants to go TODAY to Walmart to go buy some 🙄
I always gotta buy a box of cereal when I'm in the market, target or Walmart
HAPPILY wearing my walmart christmas shirt today ;)
 SkeezyDonald looks like an Arkansas Walmart!
 BREAKING: Man dead after being shot in  Walmart parking lot in San Antonio.  SATX  SanAntonio  kens5eyewitness 
*sigh*  blackfridayshopping 😒 kill me. I left everything and bought some socks, dish soap amd juice.  Walmart is he… 
 HillaryClitnton supporters cheered Crankles while she was  FLOTUS & on Board of Directors at Walmart.  CNBC
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 12 Jaw-dropping Microsoft Excel Tips
Just carrying a box of tampons & 4 bags of chocolate in Walmart
Checking some deals for this  BlackFriday. Lemme see if i could get some free stuff.😹  Bestbuy  sears  Macys  Target  Walmart  thebay  etc
 blackfridayshopping cuz let's end a day of being thankful by being hateful to strangers in Walmart. Merica!  FridayFeeling
I have only been out of the house and seen people once this break and it's when I went to Walmart.
Oh Nevada.  BornAndRaised no need to start a fight. I know the parking lots are the tics the size of the Walmart it… 
Picked up the 5s for  99 at Walmart today. It's old, but it still works like a charm and will supplement my iPad Pro well.
 Gio2Saucyy  daregio go to Walmart and do the Toilet Paper Fort Challenge
 Justin_Christ19 you were just being childish at Walmart how are u bored
Walmart taxing 😂😂😂 
 MyFamilyCallsMe to let me know Walmart has eggs on sale... Little do they know that I'm WALMART...
Gonna try to buy  Titanfallgame online... Walmart has it for  28
 BenSmithfo bed bath and beyond Walmart sears Home Depot
 6Foot4Honda Some Kodak cameras are pretty damn cheap I think you can find them at Best Buy or in Walmart
Victoria Secret Sports bra and Walmart workout leggings . 
Bought pokemon cards at walmart that look like the originals and now I want to run to the card shop in town and buy more 😭
 crystalrenaud  Walmart at my store, it occurred last night about 6 or 7pm. I managed to have off yesterday & today 😊
welp looks like I'm blowing up. goodbye everyone. catch me on the 6 o clock news as the fire at Walmart
Well  Walmart is pretty deceptive with selling stock they don't have
Walmart Strikes Again. WTF Things That You Only See At Walmart 
Police responding to report of shots fired near Northwest Side Walmart 
Summary: this update is taking place at walmart
Hey  Walmart please put the G7x Mark II on sale for 30% off
Came to Walmart to get Pokémon moon and they're out and I'm too scared to ask if they have more in the back 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I lost Molly in walmart
The only value proposition made for taking part in Black Friday was the radio ad that if I got to WalMart at 6 AM... 
 HUNGRYS0NG hdjjf i think they may sell em at gamestop and walmart!!! i just know for sure they'r at toysrus
I almost saw a race war at a Walmart. Tight.
 ldybugholden We're sorry to hear that. What items were you looking for? Maybe we can help. -Sabi
mom asked Logan to get celery &chicken broth in a box from Walmart and he's freaking out cause he's can't find celery in a box anywhere 😂😂😂
Wow  Walmart your online service is awful. I ordered an item for instore pickup. Called you 3 times and had to call the store myself.
walked into walmart looking for a mirror

broke a box of ornaments while inside

walked out with a Christmas hat that lights up
 JohnFugelsang No doubt, the owners of  Walmart were PLEASED to have shared that  pepperspray exp. w/ you during this seasonal time of year!
I have abt 4 lip colors that I haven't worn yet. I feel like they're too pretty to just wear to Walmart, which is the only place I go.
This Hilarious Walmart Deli Employee Drives His Bosses Crazy In the Most Creative Way Poss… 
Walmart  don't sell children Yet  Christmas hell's angels can buy bicycles to meet children 
 s_riddling oh my, did Chip get hit with reality? Hehe, saw this at Walmart and reminded me of you! 
Came to walmart to buy beer..I forgot it's Black Friday..about to wait 45 mins in line just to pay
chanel vs. walmart 
 Snicklefritsz  soupslut  hellabeerholly nothing is as bad as Walmart sams choice
Something like this should happen at the Walmart I work at give me some kind of joy about going to work 
I fuckin hate Walmart. Shit gives me anxiety
I love when Walmart is packed, my day goes by fast
Breezed thru Walmart on  blackfriday - ample parking, items in stock, no lines. For this creepy roadside clown, 2016 is finishing strong.
1.) those sugar cookies with the icing and sprinkles you can get at walmart are fake ass and taste like cardboard and are nasty
I just saw a baby drinking mountain dew, walmart rocks
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Camden, DE 
 AskAmex I got my bluebird card and with Walmart savings catcher there should be three dollars but there isn't
 joannes_ I'm surprised TF2 was still in the store, there was 4 copies left in Walmart last night. I was going for BF1 but they were gone 😂
Customer Service Manager - Walmart Canada - Oshawa, ON 
Looks like a Walmart in California somewhere. They ran out of Playdoh and the Snowflakes simply went crazy. 
 GregAbbott_TX Too bad this lady won't be able to celebrate Christmas. 

I can't wait for the day where I'm not at Walmart anymore and doing something that actually matters
A worker at Walmart thought we stole the coke in our cart 😭 I can afford my addiction okay 💁🏻lol
 ZeBrASSB so i was already dollar store? sick. dollar general is more like a mini grocery store. lezz go. walmart level here i come
Black Friday: Shooting at Nevada Wal-Mart over Parking Space via  BreitbartNews
Some lady in Walmart said she was gonna beat the shit out of her kid so I turned around and she goes "I'll beat the shit out of you too"
 HTC_LaurenBa  TexansCheer  HTC_Speaker Last nite, Walmart b4 midnight on way home Thanksgiving  MOM   19 & flannel… 
These videos get more entertaining every year // Black Friday 2016 Brawls, stampedes,  attacks, theft, Walmart… 
All the best deals you’ll find in Walmart’s big Black Friday 2016 sale, which is now live 
how you working at Walmart and don't know how to activate a gift card😑
Borden Cheese Just  0.92 At Walmart! 
 elduderino82 im down dude. Took me 45 mins to get from my house to walmart up the street. Too many people in this world so congested
 ashleywagers Walmart has roku's right now for  25! Go snag one!
 MyFamilyCallsMe for money cause their food stamps card was declined...  Walmart
It's a must to buy a walmart Christmas blanket. It's a tradition
 Christmas Walmart profits hells angels meet Kids kids get Bicycles 
 Traveling over the holidays? Don't leave w/out these!  ad   MamaPopsBottles
So today at Walmart I bought one of those sequined pillows that changes colors from mermaid to black and I have no regrets
 sidneywarren it used to be in the annex part with the Walmart
Being at home vs. college is walking into Walmart and seeing a bunch of people I know but at home it's people I don't want to see...
Will Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Dating?
 Tweettweetter That's awesome! We're happy to hear you had something for that sweet tooth. Thanks for shopping with us. -Sabi
 mikkkeel it's ok that happened to me at Walmart a couple of times. Never again goes to the store with her
Black Friday Walmart Shoppers....😂😂 
Y'all got Black Friday deals on ramen? Walmart
⒈  IAmThankfulFor
⒉ Black Friday
⒊ Walmart
⒋ Moana
⒌ Plaza

2016/11/25 18:37 AST  trndnl 
Lmao in  99_goonsquad new vlog when they were at Walmart 😂😂 I'm so done 😂 "I know you lyin"
This place is a mad house😳😳 (at  Walmart in Wilmington, DE) 
Pick up to my sister from Walmart dont like black Friday's shopping
 radmoose We're sorry for the inconvenience. Did you find the items you were looking for? -Lisa
we the only ppl   walmart tryna buy a single gallon of milk during black friday
I wanna see some of the children of these ppl that be in Walmart cutting up on black Friday. 

I'd ruin their entire  childhood haha
Sorry guys! I got the last one at Walmart!!!  collectorsedition  theforceawakens 
This is Garnet
Back together
In the chip aisle at Walmart doing a late-night grocery run
Just saw speakout in a Walmart commercial. Bro  JoeSantagato you've made it.
 Walmart Cyber Monday Have Started Already - GO GO GO! -  Cybermonday 
1 killed in shooting at Walmart on Vance Jackson  KSATnews 
But then I'm reminded that I had to restrain myself from hitting that lady over the head with the cart at Walmart last night 🙂
Waited at the bar for Walmart to change my tires ...3 hours later..MISTAKE 🙃
Haven't heard much today from the Trump protesters. Must have taken the day off to beat up people over TV's at Walmart.
:  Walmart  CyberMonday2016 - Walmart kicks off its Cyber Week sale today 
 pattyduke_id // look what I bought at Walmart. Kinda reminded me of "A Christmas Memory" in a way. :) 
 MelAda2016 We're open 24 hours at our 288 Larkin Dr. location! Thanks for asking! -Katz
My McDonald's Special!!!   McDonald's at 3721 E Thomas Rd (Walmart  2515) 
This was Walmart at almost 1pm clearly people hadn't bought them 
Currently that person at Walmart in their pjs cause of last minute shopping. It's fine.
And now you see why I'll gladly pay more to never set foot in the disgrace that is  Walmart
But I guess to make up for it I should just go insane at Walmart & Wet N Wild stuff. Thank God juicyyyjas had positives out of that brand  🙌
BREAKING: Police responding to report of shots fired near Walmart in Northwest Side  SanAntonio 
Look at the guy in blue. That was me at  Walmart 😂😂😂 jk! I wanted to. 😒 
I hate you if you come to Walmart today.
I just picked up CaylinEhlinger  off her feet in Walmart because she didnt hug me goodbye
People please do not go to Walmart
Where my Target, Walmart, and Best Buy employees with them Out The Trunk Black Friday Specials??? My wallet doesn't Judge!!! 😂😂😂
Went to Walmart and all I wanted was makeup 🙂
It wouldn't be  BlackFriday without a "man shot dead over parking space" story. 
last night in walmart the girl behind me was buying the morning after pill w/ her bf and i hope she's doin ok today
Walmart got em . I swear
I can confirm, went to walmart today. everyone walked around like gentlemen 
 4theloveofmommy in the Walmart! 😂
I just picked up  CaylinEhlinger  off her feet in Walmart because she didnt hug me goodbye
Walmart and IBM test blockchain for custom supply chain tracking 
 lindseyiam walmart is so fucked today
I had a great thanksgiving with my friends than I decided to stop by Walmart for the black Friday to buy new born... 
Gaaaahhhh this is why I don't come to Walmart 😤😤 everyone moves as slow as molasses
especially if you fake a friendship w it "hey girl wyd today wanna go to walmart with me? I miss you" whole time they just need a way there
Can Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Tcp/ip Networking?
Walmart  Christmas allabout Helping hells angels pedophiles children 
Had a bad start to  Walmart shopping today but Marlene in Oregon, Ohio made it a great ending to the day!  PayHerMore  HardWorker
This Hilarious Walmart Deli Employee Drives His Bosses Crazy In the Most Creative Way Possible 
 Walmart should be called Cancer-mart because everything has  minions and  emojis on it.
Did you guys end up at walmart? How did it go? 
NES Classic Edition Walmart, GameStop, Target, what’s back in stock today 
"Compared to you you're the target and she's like a Walmart"
I forever refuse to be nice to Walmart employees from now on after the way I was treated while trying to buy sunchips.
There has been too much family time! I'm at Walmart and have heard nothing but pissiness galore! 😵
If anyone is looking for a dining room table set there are many on Walmart app for  99 
Or Walmart 
Why is it packed at Walmart 😭
YALL GOTTA UNDERSTAND THISZ A GAME OF ROUGH RULES BUT THERE ARE RULES...ASK THE FLEECES 8 ITSZ WINTER WALMART CALLN
when you're in walmart and you talk to yourself without realizing there is someone next to you
20 City Planning Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 ATT service has been getting bad. Just took cross country drive and my  30  verizon phone from  Walmart got better service  byefelicia
 xPoonkey  TheDevin66 our walmart got 2. That's it.
 SonarJose  DynaMoChen  JeffSharlet yeah those Walmart jobs don't do what they say they do. I learned one thing: how to smoke weed covertly.
. KevinJames To all the heretics shopping at  WalMart this sacred day: May you forever suffer the agony of a mall-less world.  ShopLocally
Instead of shopping for people, I went to Walmart and pulled that shit out of layaway I had for him because that was a lot more satisfying😂
just witnessed some lady get so mad at walmart she whipped all the queso cheese off the wall and smashed it all over the floor 😭😭😂
I'm almost regretting ordering my new Xbox One from Walmart. It was a very attractive build your own bundle, but UPS MI shipping? Really?
I never can shop in Walmart in peace
WALMART IS WHERE IT IS AT THEY HAVE MORE THAN UR BoeingSIC DAD BoeingNDS LIKE PINK FLOYD AND LED ZEPPELIN
Idk what it is. But I don't like department stores they're too messy. It's like over priced walmart
Just got a  4200 camera kit for  99... thanks Walmart 😂😂
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <U?dk> 
Can't wait until all the  blackfriday fights of moms in Walmart trying to snatch the last crockpots come out. 
The WORST Black Friday Shopping DISASTERS and FIGHTS (Walmart and MORE) - YouTube 
Bought my mom a 40" smart tv and this lady snapped at my talking about she want a 55" so now I'm back in Walmart😒😑 so damn ungrateful
Why do i feel like this is the walmart on 54th street? 🤔 
Humming Part of Your World in Walmart WILL get you weird looks.
If you don't plan on buying shit from Walmart today don't take your ass up there ...
6 Titilating Tree Pruning Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
We legit bought the last Hatchimals in walmart 😂😂😂  vennie_lifts Lol
 XylariaVG it k they found it at Walmart for  10 cheaper than I found it on newegg lol
 Walmart  look a live bug in your marketside spinach   realorganic  disgusting  itwaswalking 
I need to go to Walmart 😩
Walmart struggling to fulfill orders from flash sale for NES Classic!!   fail  walmartfacepalm
Really about to tackle Walmart..
That's the stupidest shit ...I don't want to go to Walmart to peep no scene somebody just got killed yesterday grow tf up ...
Hopefully it takes yall out. Nothing but sand and a Walmart in there. 
I know it's bad to steal but come on out of all the things in Walmart she tries to steal a fucking hat.
 Wer_R_U_Matty Thanks for reaching out. Please contact us at so we can look into this issue and assist you. -Sabi
I'm so desperate to leave the house I just went to Walmart for an hour & only left with 3 Christmas dish towels 🙃
I'm annoyed, my head hurts and I don't know why my mom wanted to come to Walmart with my grandma
Is it safe to go to Walmart for regular shit right now like a Christmas tree and food or is everyone still purging?
 Azuphs You can get the ad here 
 DJIGlobal nothing like standing in line for couple hours at Walmart during black Friday and end up buying a broken drone🙁🙁🙁🙁😕
 countblanc Walmart’s had pretty regular restocks of the  99 n3DS non-XL, maybe check out  wario64 for updates
walmart got flatscreen tvs for a 100  rn like why can't i have a  100 😭💔
Swear ?! I think Walmart had em last night too cause I seen people passing by my register with them 
 LovesZankie We're sorry you were having trouble shopping our site; were you able to complete your purchase? -Lisa
 Linkinparkjas  Walmart sweet! thanks!
Admittedly I've never bien very good at math, b t I'm pretty sure that Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
Walmart sells kayaks. Please, if you wanna get me a Christmas or birthday present, that's what I want😍😂😂
Today In Responsible Gun Ownership: Shot and killed over a Walmart parking spot. 
What a awful time to be at Walmart OMG
Finally!!! 
I did not know Walmart had lit band merch tho, DON'T SLEEP ON WALMART 
if Walmart doesn't have Starboy I'm going to instantaneously combust 🔥😠
My grandma tried to roast my dad 😂 she said nice shoes are those Walmart brand?
 DestaRudolph walmart
I didn't just cover up all the magazines with Trump on the cover with copies of  voguemagazine with  FLOTUS on the cover at Walmart.
Sending my poor baby into Walmart 😩 but I really need a few things
was at walmart and some lady stopped walking right infront of me... had to hit her with the meanest spin move of 2k17 to not clap the hoe
Judging by the Missouri crowd Mountain Dew must be on sale at Walmart.
Pretty damn happy the walmart in ledgewood was calm af last night 😂 
 Walmart Since most stores have their sales on Fridays again, can we have next Thanksgiving off to be with our families?? Please?!
lmao i'm sickkkkk cause TV's were cheaper at Best Buy and I went to Walmart BYEEEEEE
 Crocyyy  249 Best Buy, GameStop , Walmart & Target
 dpshow  Walmart  nbc   yuk.  what is happening to you?
Avoid Walmart.
 ad Grab this great deal on  oreo cookies at  walmart!    snackandsave  OREOcookies  ibotta  Deals  BlackFriday
Except Walmart Sale On Pots And Kitchen Stuff .. It Go From 30  To 10 👏🏽😍 
Sterilite 40 Quart EZ Carry- Spicy Lime (Available in Case of 6 or Single Unit)  [ Save 82% ]  Walmart  us 
We will see if protectionism works maybe short term but what will prices be in Walmart? 
damn it. ran out of dog food. have to go to walmart. pray for us.   blackfridayshopping
 derrick_witness Yo momma is so fat when she sat on WalMart, she lowered the prices.
VIDEO: Walmart shoppers fight over towels, toys at Black Friday sale  
So my sister just got banned from all Walmart cause she tried to steal a hat 😂😂😂 wtf bruh
Battlefield 1 gets a Black Friday discount at Walmart, Target  CNET  battlefield1 
 Walmart offers no customer service or recovery plans when they cancel an order because  Walmart has oversold an item  nocustomerservice
 80HD_Theatre Walmart. I'm in shock. I ended up buying 4 of them and then the deal was gone 2 minutes later
Running around a Walmart at midnight buzzed, was a questionable idea.
 marianneshad No reason to be scared. Were you able to score the TV you wanted? -Sabi
 FantasyDecayed lmao yes but I've lived in that ghetto city and I been to that Walmart several times and I would hate taking the elevator
I was in Walmart and this girl was starring at me so evil. I had on sweats w/ no make up and she was STILL hating. Girl bye
 wadeharman  Walmart I can't stand Walmart, they are grinches Wade!!!
I remember working in Walmart and I convinced the Managers I was Jewish. I was getting extra days off for Holiday's I couldn't pronounce.
 RockinBrand84 lol naw . I went to Walmart's at 7 am and store was about empty of ppl .. But Last night it was packed with ppl
 blackfridayshopping why not wate for cyber monday and not get trammeled at Walmart just a thought.
Really excited about my baby shower , but lemme go to Walmart and look for a tv
 KyngAlejandro_  AmiiboNews Nintendo aren't the ones who decide these sales, notice that this 3 pack is  10 at Walmart but  36 at toysrus
 theweeknd Walmart didn't even have it
 belessharsh i just live right by walmart in new castle lol but i still feel like knightstown is decently far from new castle 🙁
 keithlaw I worked there till near the end. Walmart got some too in my area. Failed Target execs killed the company.
 MmmisforMommy You're welcome Walmart greeter/security dude. ;) We had a good laugh after I beeped on the way out!  imadork
Life’s Too Short to Lose Your Head in a Walmart Parking Lot at 3 A.M.  economymarkets 
Ok Walmart! Just shut your online store down!! Been trying all day to order things and not able to get one fkn thing!! Sold out ! Sold out!!
 Barbastus Lol ya man they sell them at Walmart and other electronic stores. Hate being limited by the standard small cable
Have always liked Walmart's patriotism. The business itself is an example of the American Dream in action. 
 Wario64 hey do u have a screenshot of Walmart BF1  27 page? About to pricematch in Best Buy in 20-30min
Manor Walmart doesn't have manzanita I'm pissed
I liked a  YouTube video from  mundanematt [Gaming] The Truth about the NES Classic Edition & Walmart
 tomhanks 
📸 Black Friday.  Blue glove.   Walmart in Layton, Utah. 😔 
Walmart had about 20 55 inches for 225 no lines. 
 laurenthellama came home from a busy Walmart morning and night had to work Black Friday and coming home to this wa… 
 MarleyBlonsky  Walmart wow, last time I went there was 2008
Do not trust  Walmart orders. They are over selling items online. Your order will go through and then hours later  Walmart will cancel it
Almost to Macomb to go Black Friday shopping at K Mart & Walmart
"welcome to  WalMart, where food stamps are a benefit"    
 Jawa_Jim  ImpHolocron  Facepalm This pic is Jim talking to Walmart employees. :) 
There's nothing in Walmart worth getting trampled over
 HowTallAreYou_ I got one from Walmart for like  20 or something
Going to Walmart to get 2 things always turns into more like 20
 MrWellsWife  Walmart amen! ❤
 A_Rebel_Yell looks like a mannequin challenge at Walmart right now
Why did I come back to Walmart it's still crazy in here
 4kingandcountry  PricelessMovie I ordered it last week from Walmart on bluray! Can't wait2see it!!! Dec 30 it says it comes out,Yay!
SEASONS BEATINGS: Walmart shopper tries to kick child on Black Friday  
the best part of Black Friday shopping was by far seeing Peyton Horne at Walmart
Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday. We encourage you to skip Walmart, Dollar General and other big named... 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <G2f]> 
grow up in a town that has book stores & coffee shops instead of my little town w/ a population of 4k where the only place to go is walmart
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 25 Points! WOO HOO!!
Kentabot is now checking 720 rollback products from Walmart/Beauty for potential profit on Amazon!  KentaSourcing
Walmart just hasn't been having sunglasses that are worth stealing lately
 CNN  politico  BreitbartNews  USATODAY  NBCNews 

Thanks Walmart 
 emmalvtion nnn walmart security did THAT
Braving the Black Friday sales on my lunch break. 😳😂 (  Walmart) on  Yelp 
mom just left me at walmart.. nbd
Walmart is like a zoo rn
 ChrisOflyng i just left Walmart. Here's a 🍑.
Black Friday shoppers wrestle for deals at Mississippi Walmart: via  YouTube
Iphone 6s plus no Walmart, 1.700  eu vou infartarrrrrr
Out of town Walmart finds. 👍🏼 
 mustmax347 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 ericsean467  mercurygirl7  247WallSt Imagine the money Walmart spends on lobbying? Poor America. Struck dumb by the rich.
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <CvdY> 
 wolfieraps but not savage enough to make a Walmart fort
 Target  Walmart u need a numbering system for  BlackFriday u put  employees at danger & shld bc paid double time. They shld sue.  organize
"your last name Arismendez"?
"Yes"
"Yeah I remember your name from pulling you over in front of Walmart"...
 leancuisineee_ lmao remember?
Walmart Exclusive Shopkins Shoppies Gemma Stone Doll Only  20 (reg  42) Shipped!... 
 jojodiva33 Yes, our customer service is open. Can you please share details about your issue so we can better assist you? TY! -Katz
 greta A relative came to TG dinner late. Works at Walmart. She got paid straight time yesterday. I hope WMexecs and DC deadheads feel good
Guess who is being dragged back to fucking Walmart?
I sexually identify as a  Walmart parking lot
My 5 year old niece just said "I lost my life one time in Walmart" 😂😂😂girl what?
Some dudes came to Walmart today and bought all of our left over PS4s and XboxOnes and chrome casts, spent about  20,000
I wonder if Walmart is packed? I wanna go but don't like going when theres alot of people.
MORE REPUBLICAN COMMANDMENTS:

7. Thou shalt not kill.
8. Unless thou wants an Xbox at Walmart.
9. Then trample some poor bastard to death.
That jack in the crack fucked my stomach up now I'm in Walmart bathroom Fucking it up 😂💀😌
The twins and me!   Walmart Concord - Thunder Rd 
The only things that's on sale at Walmart is tvs other than that they tryna finesse 😂😂
My family has been binge watching Gilmore girls today. Id rather be stuck in line in the cold at Walmart on Black Friday
I wanna go home but my parents stopped at Walmart and now I've been sitting in the car for an hour
My aunt got into a fight with a asian lady in Walmart😭
 raddest___ We went to Walmart, Toys R Us, Target, and Toys R Us again because he wouldn't stop without getting them, I'm sure he showed us
 DineshDSouza Not new for Dems. Remember Michele Obama at Walmart? She said no one knew. Somehow nobody noticed the secret service guys?
Someone in Walmart: Do you work here? 
 Walmart, what the fuck is this bullshit? How is the first thing under "Latino Food" going to be taco shells? Fuck… 
 swizzcheezs We apologize for the inconvenience. Please share your concerns with us at so we can help you. -Sabi
 rafaelmmv  Walmart what you said makes no sense.
Busine s at Walmart is going to be sloh tomorrow. :(
Ran out of deodorant so I'm going to run to Walmart and pick some up, hope they have some good deals going on today!
 STRGG_ the only store i've went to that was somewhat out of control was walmart and the only reason why is bc it was packed but not violent
walmart pedestrians are worse than college students crossing the street .. they really dgaf 😂
 ZombieObed Walmart has 4TB for 120 which is dam good, anyday of the week. Ain't seen any on sell, just SD cards. 64GB for 14.
I found a blanket at Walmart and towels.
 Walmart still not working with chrome. Browse to any item and hit the add to cart button. Nothing happens.
Fight Over Walmart Parking Spot Leads to 1 of 3  BlackFriday Shootings 😳 Law News  warriors_mom  
 ayoKRYSchill_ Come with me and Dione to Walmart. She's getting a new phone.
If the extent of the camping you have done in your life was in front of a Walmart you really need to reevaluate your life choices.
 Retale I got me a Black & Decker 8 cup food processor  Walmart woo hoo thank  Retale  BlackFriday  RetaleDeal… 
I've spent so much money today ulta, Charlotte Russe, target, north face, fox, Nike, Michael kors, and Walmart
 Yordan896 next to Walmart
Oh yea didn't feel like posting this last night but legit my dumb ass bought a controller at Walmart and no control… 
DayZ - LIVE Stream ( ITS BLACKFRIDAY GO BUY SHIT... walmart! ) via  YouTubeGaming
Debating on driving clear to Walmart just to get cookies 🙂
Let's head to Walmart to knock some crazy Black Friday lunatics out 😂
My dad is feeling a little younger today since Walmart carded him buying beer  hesonly51
 TheWildWolfy i shouldve known it was walmart dammit
I'm in Walmart and they have nothing worth buyin.. imma just get some cereal.
So thankful our  blackfriday shopping was only Walmart in Lafayette! TY Jesus for a smart, protective husband 
Black Friday Fun: Braving the Crowds, Walmart Crazines & Lessons Learned 
All of this is just a distraction from the inevitable Amazon Walmart Ikea Drone Wars of 2037.
 CaliforniaLuv84  shanedawson have you seen where he goes to the haunted Walmart
Walmart's Anti-Union Training Video Is Another Reason Why No One Should Shop There 
So thankful our  blackfriday shopping was only  Walmart in Lafayette!!  TY Jesus for a smart, protective husband 
Kentabot found 62 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Electronics to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
Okay its only 2 o'clock on Black Friday & walking into the Walmart in Perris is disaster zone
I saw izzy at Walmart and Kennedy was acting dumb 🙄
Apparently Walt saying they have a "blessing of size" means to make the place look like a Walmart Christmas tree lo… 
 behaga  BuzzFeedNews hahaha definitely not the scene at Walmart last night
Let's all get drunk and start a pillow fight riot in every Walmart possible
 BlackFridayShopping Rambo, angry at finding he missed the last  2 bag of M-60 bullets at Walmart. 
 Walmart Was just browsing, not looking for anything in particular yet...  😏
 harto look what I found at Walmart!! PAYING FOR IT AS I SPEAK- ERR I MEAN TYPE. TWEET? IDK BUT I'M EXCITED TO READ… 
 feliciaw5853  247WallSt Walmart killed profitable small family business all around America leaving low paying jobs as their only option. 💸
it's black Friday and Walmart still only has 2 registers open..
i Love walmart
I want some Walmart chiccen😩
 bukkakaylee jackal and i were just in walmart debating on whether to buy them or not
I might be hooked on this whole coloring thing. Found my 2 favorites at Walmart today on Black… 
Went in to Walmart to get some movies and this black eye is like people repellent.
I'm at  Walmart_br in Campo Grande, MS 
Im just chillin waiting for these walmart black friday fight videos to roll across my desk
The best Black Friday deals on fitness trackers and smartwatches - CNET: Best Buy, Target, Walmart and other… 
Im about to enter my first walmart ever
Best news day of the year.

I love watching poor ppl fight over a Walmart TV.
 seaphloem black friday walmart must b like, a landmark of cultural experience on th timeline of our century, get the exp while it's hot imo
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 8 Tree Pruning Tips
Walmart is suppose to sell Miraculous merch and toys all you got is one DVD out of two out not even the first volume lol fail
Wonder If Walmart Pack I Need To Get A Few Stuff For My🐣
My mom + dad are making my sister and I go back out in the cold for a teapot that's on sale at Walmart 🤔
 ErinMeyer14News No.  Used to work at Walmart.  You couldn't pay me to leave the house until Monday at least.
Just experienced the most annoying trip to Walmart ever. Don't leave your houses y'all
Don't go to Walmart while drunk 😂 
"Tanley Brooke!"
A white mom to her child just now in Walmart.
going in Walmart for one thing 😑 never happens that way
I swore I had bought everything I needed for my baby but I just spent another  100 and I'm still going to Walmart. RIP
Black Friday at Walmart in Bloomingdale . via  YouTube
Tis Shame is4DVDS Bruh U would think its FREE IT AINT 4SHAME
New post: Pokemon Sun and Moon purchase comes with Solgaleo or Lunala figure from Walmart  ポケモンGO   PokemonGO 
I'm Gucci and you're Walmart. You and I aren't even in the same league sweetheart.
Best 'Black Friday' 2016 Deals: Amazon, Apple, Best Buy, Target And Walmart 
 finntanyl // I have family members who worked at Walmart for awhile and they didn't get much. I guess it's different in some places!
Walmart gang life. No sleep.
RIP to all the innocent people that came to Walmart on Black Friday to get groceries. These people are crazy.
 CatherineDezire I need you to take my mom to Walmart to
 Materbater77 you work at Walmart by choice
 PaulPabst  dpshow WalMart!  Fritzy killin' it.
Just so you know...  Walmart 
This boy then pissed me off said we was going to walgreens and we going to Walmart 😤
 SmartyGaby Prices on popular items which have sold out may be higher when they are back in stock. -Lisa
 AllLivesMatter and Walmart workers lives matter go easy on people working you complete loser douchebags 
 PCs &  Laptops make up over 50% of all . Walmart  ConsumerElectronics  BlackFriday offers 
Hey  Walmart - nice try on Chanukah, but there are 8 days, not 6. 
Buying groceries on Black Friday. 😳 (at  Walmart Supercenter in Alabaster, AL) 
I'm sho finna cash out at PINK. they gave me all shit so im finna save money, live better & not even at walmart😊
"Walmart chokers" keep treating me good.
See, here's the thing, constantly singling out Walmart means they've gotten their act together about a lot of stuff—but it also means…
I liked a  YouTube video from  rednickss SQUIRREL GOES NUT SHOPPING AT WALMART!
⒈  IAmThankfulFor
⒉ Black Friday
⒊ Walmart
⒋ Moana
⒌ Plaza

2016/11/25 18:12 AST  trndnl 
This is more like Walmart vs Chanel 
Isn't it amazing that we have a day dedicated to being thankful for the things we have, and then that night we fight over things at Walmart
I need to go to walmart
Police: Walmart parking lot dispute leaves one dead on eve of Black Friday in Ne had to be that 1/2 priced sweater!
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <:lLP> 
Did You Snag Your FREE Walmart Baby Box Yet?
Go Here -->> 
This HOT  baby offer is still... 
My dad manipulated me into going to Walmart in order to make buffalo chicken dip
 finntanyl It's bogus. Walmart is pretty shitty with that kind of stuff.
 ouhliz and at Walmart 🙈
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist BlackFriday Midnight Vlog - WALMART, PIKACHU, WATERBOTTLE FLIPS
Walmart or heb before 3 
Found no miraculous toys at Walmart way sad
Ma, your MCM got arrested for trying to beat up a mother of 5 over a TV that was 75% off at your local Walmart.
Me and Ben went to get pork chops from Walmart last night.. guess what... it was Black Friday....
Walking to Walmart and a car with trump sticker on its bumper goes past with guy shouting shit at me. Didn't even pull up some coward shit
Where do y'all think  Walmart is on this list? You might be surprised. 
We went to Walmart for Black Friday — and it was nothing like we expected via  BI_RetailNews
My girl Franchesca Diaz at the Richland Walmart!! 
 MichelleAllen25 Sorry, meant that any item with the option of Site-to-Store is free. Sorry to hear that this specific item doesn't. -DA
Can't decide if corry Walmart makes me want to laugh or cringe right now
That moment when the Walmart auto guy almost gave me the wrong car 😆😆
Oddly enough, Black Friday didn't suck, despite me working at Walmart.
Apparently the Black Friday deals at Walmart weren't good enough for one of our fellow citizens. Female shoplifter in custody at east store.
My dad just went grocery shopping at Walmart. I'm waiting for him to realize it's Black Friday 😂
 RokuPlayer Bought a Roku Express Plus from WalMart. For only  25, worth it to show my friend why these are so great.
If you ever need a good laugh just go to Walmart after midnight
 LizCelesteWayne I go to Walmart, sheet not on sale.
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <>o`T> 
I love Walmart more than target
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <qXF=> 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Claremont, NH 
Walmart Worker Caught Sleeping on the Job! - 
 420  710  Blunt  Bong  Bubbler  Collective… 
Two people shot dead outside a Macy's and Walmart on Black Friday via  MailOnline
I feel like a stranger in the Rockbridge County Walmart.... this place use to be my home guys
At walmart add an iPhone 7 to your account and get a free 250 gift card.
This guy at Walmart has vampire bite marks tatted on him what a queer
Black Friday Walmart,WAR, DEATH AND FATAL ACCIDENTS, blackfridayshopping, blackfridayfights,via  YouTube
 debraro14571345  DarylsCarol  bkelly834  TWDGirl77  wwwbigbaldhead  paola281  RavynPatty  dlberger43 I had to go Walmart bad idea. Lol
I went Black Friday shopping at Walmart today on accident. This is a true story. They sell wine at this location and I needed.
 Walmart can you help
 Walmart did you folks release NES Minis online at 2 PST today? If so, I need to know so I can stop hitting refresh and move on with life
 Walmart What's up with the alleged 2 p.m.PST online sale of  NintendoAmerica Classic mini? I was on the site right on time and no go.
Rotary Interact member are ringing the bell at Walmart if you're out shopping please donate if you can.   ringthebell
Never worked at Walmart
 h3h3productions More like... Happy "Pepper-Spray-Strangers-Over-Video-Games-At-A-Walmart-In-LA" day... because that happened 5 years ago :)
 qsalfan any walmart will do u can drive to China if u want
Fighting over towels at Walmart.....oi!  BlackFriday
Drove to Walmart and I don't even wanna get out 😒 such a force rn
 jaderockslife well I promise you that the Walmart I go to exists. But I will be avoiding there this weekend
Okay, twitter rant  blackfriday. Sooo I have held on buying new sheets because for the last three years Walmart sold Hotel Lux 1000ct sheets
I asked my family how much ornaments are at Walmart and it somehow managed to be both exhausting and completely uninformative
Nice seeing my boi  omeez10 today at Walmart. Both doing the same thing!  blackfriday 
 CounterMoonbat  JayCaruso no, fail. That's an easy choice, can't believe I'll say it, but walmart for the win.
Third time coming to Walmart today 🙄🙄
 Walmart Do local stores match prices from 
I don't think boys understand how simple dating is. You can surprise me with a  4 hamburger and a flower from Walmart & I might cry
 NastyxNa they got them at walmart now for the low. haha
"There's nothing in Walmart worth getting trampled over" 
                                - billburr
I shit you not, some man called the service desk at walmart saying he was in the back restroom and needed toilet paper. 😅
after retracing my steps twice in Walmart I finally find my debit card 😒😒
Presa's Humor;) Clad only in their underwear, two brothers drive a dirt bike inside Walmart. And they would hav... 
Why is Walmart still crazy?
The  BlackFriday finds continue. Found these  Walmart excl. Scarif Troopers in DE  RogueOne  StarWars 
I braved Walmart on  blackfriday for the first time and almost got ran over multiple times in the pet section...
Heading to Walmart..NOT! Shopping small business...worth getting less "stuff"...
Check out this awesome deal we just found at Walmart. You can score these Women's MUK LUKS Shelly Boots for only... 
 Walmart  when is the next Nintendo nes classic flash sale ?
Lights out in  Walmart  just now 
Walmart ~ MUK LUKS Shelly Boots only  17.88 - 
My dad and I forgot it was Black Friday and came to Walmart, huge miss steak
Lowkey Walmart be having nice graphic tees
 feliciaw5853  247WallSt Walmart profits by horrible labor practices. Employees must depend on government handouts. Mostly in red states. 🙄
I just need some dickies from Walmart and it's so fuckin on and poppin for Black Friday right now, I'm gonna be in line forever
 Walmart I wish you weren't a liar. I heard there was supposed to be stock on the NES Classic Edition at 2pm PST today. But no luck.
Nut Harvest Nuts Just  1.53 At Walmart! 
Black Friday at Walmart via  YouTube
As u can see they have trained yall well2be Slaves OBEY CONSUME tis is shameful
 Walmart has some of the best  plusSizeClothing. Whole  outfit cost me  24.96.  AffordablePrices and… 
 CPHolidayTrain in  Oshawa Nov28   3:00pm behind Walmart, 680 Laval Dr. Remember a donation for local food bank 
 ruudyroon Walmart probably still has it
 TheDevin66 but I don't wanna wait 😩 lol nah GameStop is supposed to call me when they get more, I doubt my local Walmart will restock
People killing over 15.00 off. I cant 
Thank you  Walmart for helping us  FillTheTruck to provide Christmas gifts for families in need this holiday season! 
I found this prankster gangster ornament at Walmart.  pinksheepx  P&GN  mustache  christmas 
I saved up a bunch of money for Black Friday and all I've done is spent  40 on fallout 4 and 3 DVDs at Walmart
I just came to Walmart for a new toothbrush. Bad idea 😩
Breaking News:  ISIS Leader Killed in  BlackFriday Stampede at  Walmart |  mideastbeasties
 Muslims  Terror
Black Friday lessons. If shopping Walmart, go to Indian Land. They appreciate the press. It's worth the drive.
 CrazyCactusEnt That special bundle was a highlight to many people's Black Friday. Sorry to hear you weren't able to get one yourself. -DA
Lots of creepy guys in Walmart tonight 😕😕😕
 GingerRogersUSA  realDonaldTrump  mckaycoppins The money has been "used for other purposes" Like Black Friday at Walmart?
 Walmart send ya boy a link so i can cop one lol.
All these people in Walmart 😳
Going to Walmart to buy a black Christmas tree. RIP
You see some very strange characters at the henderson Walmart
 JOANNMB20 We're sorry your husband missed dinner, but we're really glad your son is happy with his new TV! -Lisa
[Deal] Grand Theft Auto 5 at Walmart for  15 


Dead, has switched to the third party sel…
My dad and I spent three hours at Walmart's Subway talking about the renaissance era just cus.
just wanted to buy a bag of chips from walmart... what have I done🙃🙃🙃
The walmart electronic department is a living, breathing cringe fest
Oh sorry we didn't have enough choices for you and you "had to settle". Maybe you should of gone to Walmart!  happyblackfriday  retailprobs
Enter to win  250 to spend at  Walmart  BestBuy or  Target  giveaway  giftcard 
Police: Parking lot dispute leaves 1 dead at Nevada Walmart 
Wal-Mart anti-vehicle posts decorated for the celebration of peace.   Walmart Madison - Watts Rd 
Two people shot dead outside a Macy's and Walmart on Black Friday
Why do we tolerate this US garbage in the UK? 
I enjoy sitting in the car in the Walmart parking lot and honking the horn at random ass people and then ducking down before they look 😂
Walmart Exclusive: Shopkins Shoppies Gemma Stone Doll ONLY  20 (Regularly  42) 
 aIewnes REPORT: The Browns are for sale for " 5 or best offer" as part of a  BlackFriday special at a Cleveland WalMart. So far, no takers.
Somebody kid in Walmart WAILING and I knowwwww he's white. These are the cries of a child that never been touched.
Guy-"Can I bum a cig?"
Me-"I don't smoke. It's bad for your health."
Guy-"Yeah, but so is being a twat."

Guys, Walmart is too savage for me
 RemembrancerBex target and Walmart usually have a few different ornaments that are geeky.
 Walmart Experiments With  Blockchain to Safely Store Food 
 Ad WaterWipes Available at &  WaterWipesWalmart Giveaway via  abreak4mommy  IC  Entertowin
Uncle: I think I wanna be a Walmart greeter
*dad falls on floor*: See, this is how Hannah would greet people after she's fainted 
Me: wow
They Are Playing Greedy In Walmart
Canvas Backpack - 
 Walmart you really chose a christmas ornament vendor who neglected to sell hooks with the ornaments nor have any available otherwise, huh?
Jason went to Walmart just for poptarts on Black Friday. That's how much he loves me & Gilmore Girls.
Toothpaste gift sets for kids.  Walmart  BlackFriday 
On Black Fri. In 🇺🇸: raucous shoppers brawling over TVs   Walmart. In 🇨🇦: apologetic shoppers saying sorry for waking up employees so early.
Best Black Friday Deals 2016: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Amazon, on TVs, Toys and More via  BarronsNEXT
 tlunaathegreat you better be going to Walmart for it
 Walmart when will more stock be available for the Nintendo NES Mini???
Grand Theft Auto V (Xbox One) -  Walmart.com  15 at  FatWallet
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <t^P > 
Black Friday deals are right here at Walmart online. Order to pick up in-store or for delivery to your door.... 
The people you see at Walmart sure is something
 _Teufelshunde  Walmart only I went for black Friday was the gun shop. Nobody got shot or even pushed, kicked or pu… 
 PatTheNESpunk also on nes, walmart can't order how many they want, nintendo decides everything, is what I was told.
People who go to Walmart on Black Friday piss me off 😂
Christmas at Walmart... 
The dude behind me at Walmart on Black Friday was ticked at how long the line was... he had 2 footling subs 😐😑
My fav Black Friday deal is hands down 10 pairs of socks for  3 at Walmart
Normally I'm against the whole black friday thing but I do want a ps4 slim so I'm gonna go to walmart
Blacks protesting against Walmart and Target

As if Walmart and Target can write laws to stop bad police
People fading for a better deal at Walmart and racism is America's biggest problem? Lol
 smackutwice  COVERGIRL  katyperry omg Thanks Tara 💕 I gotta get it from Walmart soon as I can
Walmart on Black Friday by  TheFunnyVine via  c0nvey
Have a strong feeling we about to be in Walmart about  A LONGGGG TIME
Despicable. Just how low can ppl go for a good deal?  Macys  Walmart via  MailOnline
 giggleloop Our Walmart wasn't any busier then normal except for the electronics department. There weren't even lines at the checkouts!
A lady at Walmart just called jake and I brother and sister 😂😂 uhhhh
Who in WYNNE kan take me to Walmart❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓
 ArianaGrande playing through Walmart
 flyguybanks11 Walmart had 485 bil in revenue and 14 bil in profit last year. That math doesn't work. That's a little under 3 percent profit
 tkappt  Walmart  BestBuy thanks bro
This whole "u gotta buy ur own bag" is fuckin me up. Keep forgetting.
Time 2 bust out all my bags. Even if I'm at target with a Walmart bag.
Walmart brand Paramore
My aunt went into Walmart for boiled chicken and comes out with a tv 😂
walmart is busssssssin. 😂
 Hiqhrisk I got mines from Walmart
Have to work today... and they decide to send me on runs to Walmart. Gee thanks
Has to be an all time low if you fight somebody in Walmart on Black Friday
UM some guy that tried to sell me magazines in Walmart earlier just knocked on my front door. 😳
These  7 Leggings Have Over 1,000 Positive Reviews On Walmart via  shefinds 
Facebook, Starbucks, Walmart, McDonald's, Subway, Apple are Military Companies. They should be banned. Obesity Brainwaves  NATO  UN  WHO
All of Black Lives Matter protest should be held at the white house and the capital

That's where LAWS are made.

Why protest Walmart
 jerflash  Walmart love it!
 tweemaildotcom it's so hard for ppl to be nice when they just trying to get they fuckin rollbacks at walmart!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Trying to get groceries and I'm like "let's go to Walmart"
ABSOLUTELY FUCKING NOT
Black Friday Mayhem at Dallas Walmart 
Black Friday protesters demand  15 minimum wage outside Kearny Walmart  JerseyCity 
 BlackFriday Deals at  Walmart Don't miss best  Shopping deals at 50% off  Electronics + Free  Gift Card on  Phones 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Brighton, CO 
I seriously managed to break my nose in Walmart
Yesterday everybody was thankful. Today y'all wanna fight in Walmart over TVs 😒 I'm so done 😂😂😭
Woman falls into towel box during Walmart Black Friday shopping >>> 
Been waiting for almost an hour at walmart waiting on them to finish giving me an oil change-__-
Will be at Walmart and Natchez Mall tonight.  10 TONIGHT before the party. Get 'em before… 
Get a great holiday  recipe & enter this  25 eGift Card from  Walmart  giveaway   christy41970 US/CAN ends 12/6 
 MLB  Cards 2016  Topps WalMart Holiday Baseball Sonny Gray Oakland  Athletics  HMW116 MINT 
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's 10 Mind-blowing Whaling Secrets
MORE REPUBLICAN COMMANDMENTS:

1. Thou shalt not kill.
2. Unless thou wants an Xbox at Walmart.
3. Then trample some poor bastard to death.
We on our way to Walmart . I better leave outta here with a new TV 😴
Nintendo of Europe listened to Walmart's Donkey Kong amiibo on Palutena day
Lmao walmart got them deals 
Look what  cold_hard_art found at  Walmart! This would be a great holiday gift for a  NHRA fan! Have a great weeken… 
Kentabot is now checking 1,882 clearance products from Walmart/Toys for potential profit on Amazon!  KentaSourcing
It's crazy to see the amount of people at Walmart who are returning the 55 inch TVs that they bought last night and can't afford 😂
this walmart is packed af , i'm about to steal off on these lil kids
Welp thanks to Walmart I get to ball at silver_rain_detroit tomorrow 💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿 
Handwritten tickets...  Walmart  BlackFriday 
 Johnston985 Nothing says Happy Holidays like Black Friday at Walmart 
Your mom when Walmart has a big sale 
 latergram  brownthursday  walmart  craycray but worth  298 for 55"... inlove with my  smarttv… 
 SandraEckersley  WDFx2EU14 Where do you get your news? Walmart?
 Walmart just tried to order online from you three times but my orders keeps being canceled! What's up,  Walmart??  BlackFriday
Black Friday is a great time to stock up on  XMen and  Deadpool Blu-rays and DVDs! Walmart and Best Buy have good deals, fyi.
walmart black friday  via  YouTube
Yep tis is y Elites laugh &continue2treat yall like animals cuz yall behave like1
I do, but if you thought the fights at Walmart were bad..... 
Lots of layaway POS...  Walmart  BlackFriday 
That time I got photographed in a Walmart...
Thanks for letting me be your spokesperson for the Santa's Sleigh Kick… 
75" smart 4K Samsung online at Walmart for 99 bucks... 😅
Your next job? Help Wanted - Walmart - Acworth, GA  Acworth  jobs  job
Walmart shoppers fight over towels, toys at Black Friday sale. Our society is never more disgusting than on BF. 
Worried about tummy troubles at the holidays?  Head to  Walmart to stock up on  digestive relief products!  ad
The employee's shift ends. He leaves the store, only to find himself back at his post.  There is no home, only WalMart  talesfromblackfriday
 oliviayoung188 If You Don't Find Out Where, You Can Probably Find Some "Interesting" Beasts at the  Walmart  blackfriday Sales Today. lol 👹
nexium over the counter & generic nexium 20 mg & nexium dosage & nexium coupons for walmart 
 adamsan751  3rgomez I can just get full refund back at Walmart😂
 Stabify walmart clothes
Thanks for the superb customer service  Walmart . This broken Xbox is so awesome. Thanks for taking my call.  not  surfsidewalmartisrude
 CodeNamePizza actually it is in walmart at Texas I saw it there's still a few left you should hurry before it's sold out!:):D
Walmart is a freaky place to begin with 
I liked a  YouTube video (INSANE!) 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT PARODY WALMART CHALLENGE / CAUGHT BY SECURITY!!
 ChrisOflyng I actually went to Walmart earlier today to get those  5 Hallmark movie lol

 ninelivesofchristmasismyjam
Spending  100 💵 at Walmart or another retail or department store during the holidays 🎁 won't make a difference to... 
Just got skate 3 at  Walmart for like  8 havent played the full game before :D  BackwardCompatibility 
This grown ass nigga in Walmart gone tell me I look 10, then gone try to talk to me 😑
Enjoying this online shopping day 😎 I think I might slide back to Walmart for a mount though 🤔🙄
Had to go grocery shopping (at Walmart). Forgot it was this dirty "Black Friday" ridiculousness. It was complete hell. People are awful.
 jaderockslife my Walmart is open late I promise you! 
 Jess_Raines85 We're sorry you have not received a call back. Please reach out to our CS at so we can help. -Sabi
I legit knocked out at the Walmart parking lot. 😂
I miss my job at walmart😭
Was just at walmart and they had a blind box for Funko. Picked it up so i'll do a vid tomorrow to see what I got.
Save  10 on  25 Amazon Book Purchase via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
Proctor Silex 2 Slice Toaster only  4 via Price Match at Walmart, Coupon at Walmart, Save Money at ... 
 TeganZayne Indeed :-) Used to love Black Friday shopping until I got a job at the mall. And there was the Great Walmart Incident of 2012...
Maybe black friday but on boxing day in canada the electronics dept of a walmart is a cattle call haha. Never again 
 laurentmercure  NicolasVerge 10 packs of 4 boxer shorts at Walmart?
 MigMonkey77 lol like I was gonna say, hey, Walmart should definitely give back your money haha
I just quietly whispered "We are abandoned" in a dark corner of a Walmart, how is your Black Friday going?
i am enjoying the footage of people fighting over a dvd player in walmart
if i had a dollar for everytime someone asks if i live at walmart bc im working so much, i wouldn't need to work anymore
Just bought this desk what do you think? I also got a blue yeti so... I'm kinda a professional youtuber now. lol 
 6inchbey Walmart, Best Buy, or Barnes and Noble will probably have it. Target carries less music now for some reason
Went by Walmart today and I didn't see that many people there shopping
Walmart Exec : How To Empower Retail Associates To Go Customer-First  retail 
 GandalfofQC getting it after work cause walmart was packed
I'm at Walmart and I'm just imagining the number of racists I am around rn
 Walmart - and no I will not fill out some online form when you'll do nothing to fix store problems.  Why Amazon is whipping you guys.
 Walmart how can u cancel order due to not picking up when the email to pick up was never sent?  The cust svce hangs up?
 NewKDramaAddict we dare not enter Walmart too. We just came out of target. The lines were long!
 SHQ205 had to go to Walmart and then had to stop halfway bc she was cutting up
We're going to Walmart hopefully I don't die  blackFriday
Win a  250 Walmart Gift Card 
Black Friday 2016 on Thanksgiving Fight, Flip out, and Passout Walmart Moline, IL


A lot of you RI rappers b wack just bag my stuff up at Walmart and chill
Whatever you do, DON'T go to Walmart for Black Friday! It's completely PACKED! 😕
RCA Voyager 7" 16GB Tablet Just  34.98 At Walmart! 
 ChrisOflyng Walmart? Bro you gotta go to hot topic and get those good Black Friday sales 😄
tshirts for  10! 

Lol no I want it all
 RomanAtwood you say you want to film memories and when there is a big occasion you never do but then you film your self in Walmart
 MWolfe024 2k17  27 at Walmart
Kentabot is now checking 121 special buy products from Walmart/Food for potential profit on Amazon!  KentaSourcing
Have you seen this funny new Walmart commercial featuring  Pat6God ?! 
Enter to Win a  250 Walmart Gift Card from Whole Heart & Home 
 Foxybane the NES Classic. Sound keeps cutting out. Our Walmart only got 2 in today. lol
 blackfridayshopping I need some cover. Going to Walmart.
Still can't believe nobody took advantage of the great candle deals at walmart last night. I scored big time  AppleCinnamonDelight
 Walmart Misleading people with your Black Friday ads and not having anything in stock for your sales.  Misleading.… 
20 Scandalous Secrets About Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 krisstynmarie dang maybe cause I only go to Walmart at like midnight they run out :( lol but I'll let you know about the colourpop one!
 NoAloe found in own-brand  WalMart  CVS  Target products 
Businezs at Walmart is going .o be s.ow tomorrow. :(
 mak0ski  Walmart Ha! That's great. Looks like you're enjoying yourself!
 blackfridayshopping

Shopper kills another shopper🔫🔫
Over a parking spot
....at Walmart😩😩😩
On Thursday night 

Nev… 
 claw1400 just go to Walmart before it closes, (in 5 hours🙄) get a frame and just put it all in there before you forget.
 Walmart why don't you have a limited _ per customer on video games? Currently at one of your stores but due to 1 man buy 200+ games I get 0
🇺🇸Peeps shooting each other  Reno Walmart.  Cum 2  BunnyRanch 4  BlackFriday It's safe here. Seriously.  America's… 
 drewbee24_ I got it from gamestop for  40 but target& Walmart got the best deal.
 KnoxyGirll that is literally me at Walmart every Sunday night just tearing it up
I hate going in Walmart. You be buying shit you don't even need
Walmart 😩💦 
Video: Wal*Mart shoppers get violent for Black Friday TOWEL sale, we  aduanebrown  Rockprincess818   KevinBooker206
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <_EMu> 
 JohnFugelsang  I cannot fathom you at a Walmart.
Black Friday Madness: Two People Are Killed Outside A Macy's And A Walmart 
Every Walmart is the sphincter of its respective town
Ok off to Walmart then Barnes and Noble after that.
Whenever I get low on money I always start thinking really irrationally like what if I hadn't spent that  10 at Walmart back in 2013
10 Shocking Parenting Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
Going to shit walmart wasnt a complete disaster 
celestial kingdom has COSTCO terrestrial kingdom has smiths telestial kingdom has walmart outerdarkness has a food courtwith just BurgerKing
Give em a rock, and watch in amazement... niggas can get TV's out Walmart for some dope 
Score this Snapare Airtight 24-Piece Food Storage Set for just  9.99! 
In honor of all you fatty animals ripping each other to shreds in Walmart for a slightly cheaper TV, Arbys is serving shredded animals today
PERFECT ON THE RADIO AT WALMART!!!
So, who is the genius that thought it would se wise co put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
Thank you Walmart! 
njdotcom: Protesters demand  15 minimum wage outside Kearny Walmart 
Walmart latina candid booty 
The power in Walmart went out lucky I got there when they was closing cus I WOULDVE been a thief in the night
Bam Bam Bigelow!   Walmart Salinas - N Main 
No one lining up for walmart on Black Friday because no one likes Walmart anymore lmfao 
But imma check Walmart first.
I went to Walmart today, forgetting that it was Black Friday.. Bad idea, fam. Mistakes were made. 😂
Black Friday shopping last night consisted of me spending all my money and falling asleep in Walmart.
Spotted at the local walmart 
30% off  Acer  aspire ES1-572-31XL 15.6″  Laptop +  freeshipping from  Walmart 
This is a pretty  goodoffer… 
I can't stand working for Walmart anymore 😔😔😔😔😔
 garthbrooks Just bought the bundle at walmart for  13.88....Thanks Garth!
friend: i wanna go to walmart i need some shit
me: my monster dong is way to big but ok
 PreloxAtomic Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 CodeNamePizza code name pizza I know where to get the modern warfare drone not at Walmart:):D
 justissaayman BestBuy and Walmart have plenty. Only white with grey bottom... you still want it?  99 US
 meijer thanks for coming in clutch today💯  Walmart thanks for ruining our time and not having it🚮
Walmart 😊 
These are all of Walmart's Black Friday deals you can get online this year 
 Walmart you failed to have enough in stock.  Only 10 per store.  Gimme a break.  lame  stupid  walmart  blackfriday  misleading
Quite a few offers in electricals - though lots of stock left.  Walmart  BlackFriday 
The theme is Spider-Man.. so I wanted to have Spider-Man invites.. not sure where to look so I guess I'll start with Walmart 😪
blue dream from Walmart 👍🏼
 ChrisOflyng You were at Walmart in Chicago? I was just there 😭
Happy birthday to my Cali, can't believe my munchkin is 4 today...also thanks to  Walmart for celebrating with us with cake   the front door
70% of U.S. households with an income above  112,000 have Amazon Prime 
Protesters demand  15 minimum wage outside Kearny Walmart 
Headed to  Walmart​ for  BlackFriday? Earn 200 kicks when you walk in + 50 more when you scan select  Barilla Pront… 
 missienelly Well, it wasn’t Walmart which was a madhouse!
Very happy to be leaving Walmart as 4 Kearny police cars were arriving.  blackfriday
Safco Wood/Fiberboard E-Z Stor Sorter, 60 Sections, 40 x 11 3/4 x 52 1/4, Cherry  [ Save 77% ]  Walmart 
Ppl killing each other and scrapping at Walmart, I walked in at 1:30 and got a 50 inch for  224
 Walmart actually not always. Says pickup not available 
 PokemonSunMoon purchase comes with Solgaleo or Lunala figure from Walmart 
From Black Friday protesters demand  15 minimum wage outside Kearny Walmart 
 Walmart - Really should not allow your employees to purchase the inventory before the sale even starts.  No worries.  Wont be back.
 daveccher Once I went to Walmart on this day, about 10pm (out of yarn). It looked like a war zone, flotsam, jetsam. Workers were zombies.😕
 PoliceInCrete, the Saline County Sheriff's Office, and local fire/rescue staff will be at Walmart until 6pm collec… 
Cel. Qbex X - Gray W510 De... De R 475.00 Por R 399.00 Acesse  celular  bf2016  oferta… 
Sell  Magento Store Products on  Jet,  Walmart,  Newegg Via  cedcommerce  APi Integration Extension.  BlackFriday S… 
I liked a  YouTube video Opening 5x Mystery Power 1 Walmart Boxes  2! Pokemon TCG unboxing
 Pez  StarTrek  TNG 25th Anniversary Walmart Exclusive 100,000 ed Set includes  Locutus 
Kids clothing offers...  Walmart  BlackFriday 
WWD - Mobile Gaining Share in Black Friday Cyber Rush 
apparently i look like some walmart employee named zach. 
 RideMyA_LEXIS Walmart in the pharmacy
Let's not jump to conclu... Aaaand they're Negroids! " ThirtySecFights: Black Friday fight at Walmart 😂 
Just saw some dude begging for money outside a Walmart that had a "Now hiring" sign.. Smh
PSA:Walmart has beat solo for 120
anywhats , walmart runs are the bessst 😉
 TheEllenShow  Walmart Please do this on a random episode and surprise people in a store as a greeter.  awesomeness  EllenDeGeneres
Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon's Top 8 Hilarious Needlepoint Secrets
Oh yessir, let us return to 1916 and utilize coal for everything. Dear WV, every time you shop at Walmart, you buy… 
Yooooo but why is the Moses Lake Walmart so gross
Hisense 40" Class H3 Series - Full HD, LED TV - 1080p, 60Hz (40H3B) - 
Hello Kitty Shopping Cart Just  22.99!  Black_Friday_Deals  Great_Deals  Instagram  Walmart
still couldn't find the  SkinnygirlBrand sparklers.....  kroger &  Walmart need to replenish in Little Rock 
 GeauxGabby  KiannaBanks Walmart up here looks like a CDC quarantine zone.
These are all of Walmart's pre-Black Friday deals you can get right now


What to Expect From Walmart Cyber Monday Sales in 2016 - 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart..

Today I went to Walmart to buy a peach and got hit in the face with an IPad. THANKS BLACK FRIDAY! THANKS!

I never even got my peach.😞
 Megan_Washburn  girlposts Walmart has cheap Christmas sweaters
 imactuallywes i was so scared to go to walmart today but i needed toothpaste
Carolina sky from Walmart! 
 nitsujeke  Walmart  NintendoAmerica right on
 dan1782 Check out all the available options on Vizio SmartCast: -Donna
 _Brytni I kepe seeing these donut bites in the freezer section at Walmart and I really wanna try them lol,
No, Walmart. Just no. 
Two people shot dead outside a Macy's and Walmart on Black Friday//What a nightmare!
Black thugs plus welfare zombies out to shoplift.
⒈  IAmThankfulFor
⒉ Black Friday
⒊ Walmart
⒋ Moana
⒌ Plaza

2016/11/25 17:52 AST  trndnl 
this is canadian propaganda for real an old lady WILL murder you in cold blood any day of the week at walmart 
Via  NPR: 1 Dead In Nevada Wal-Mart Parking Lot Shooting  remained open😕😕. That's real community concern Walmart👺
Make your donation tomorrow  PackTheBack2016   Topsoil Rd, Stavanger Dr or Carbonear Walmart....Paramedics giving B… 
 JodyJo856  SenseiJack_ better goto walmart and grab the patti labelle pie bro 💯
 Erkuhwilliams THE OAKDALE WALMART DOESN'T CARRY THE GAME SO SHE PRETENDED LIKE SHE WAS CRYING
A Call of Duty Fan licked Walmart's Inkling Squid amiibo yesterday
Amazon is trolling me
We wanna wait till Monday to order and the price of Overwatch is changing from  35 to  40. While Walmart's is  65.
 Walmart live better my rear end
Trying to sell these three 8 balls outside of Walmart on Black Friday is a lot harder than i thought it'd be
Animal Crossing amiibo 3-pack is  10 on Walmart 
I CANT WIN TODAY WALMART DOESNT HAVE MY MIXED CHEETOS AND STEAK N SHAKE DIDNT HAVE SWEET TEA BYE
Meanwhile at Walmart ayee😂 
I despise going into Walmart on a regular day, but going in on Black Friday makes me want to bash my face off a brick wall.
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25 Walmart GC from BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
I been out all day I'm waddling around Walmart without shoes someone kill me
The Barstow Walmart smells like weed and broken dreams
I was planning on going to Walmart to buy Christmas decorations, but staying in my PJs sounds so much better. We'll try again tomorrow.
 _Made2Bgreater im at walmart on panola, that aint too much better lol
 JeyTheVillain  KiannaBanks Go to Walmart. We got one last night for  198. A Samsung.
Went to Walmart today because, what the heck. The greeter was actually doubled over and crying.  blackfriday
"Saving a dollar    for some bullshit you don't need is not worth losing your life."   Christichat  EmfingerSScout
 SimoneAllyne oh crap, that might be worth me braving Walmart for. Been wanting to get one for mom.
This man had a seizure in the parking lot of Walmart while I was walking out lord please help that man 🙏🏽
WaterWipes Available at &  WaterWipesWalmart Giveaway 
Going to watch people fight at Walmart. 😍😍  BlackFriday
I once got pepper sprayed while  blackfridayshopping in Walmart and can honestly say it enhanced the experience.
 Walmart should have shopped Target. My mistake. I'll take transgender bathrooms over tbis crap!
I despise going into Walmart on a regular day, but going in on Black Friday makes me want to bash my face off a brick wall.😒
I literally have stock I inherited in Walmart and I still tell people to  boycott them. I am my  ancestors keeper. My loyalty is w/ my ppl!
This is a great price on Play-Doh!

Walmart: 40 Play-Doh Super Colors Only  13.34 (Just 33¢ Per Container)… 
 HeyImAJ  FatKidDeals  Walmart I KNOW SMH LOL...I'm really trying to be responsible lol
Awesome deal on 2 giant  OfficialCorpsHQ vehicles at  Walmart ! 
I forgot it was Black Friday and I went to Walmart to purchase literally one item and I almost got hit by 2 cars and 3 shopping carts
CEOs pay People too little & ask them to Shop on 1 Day to afford Bargains: WHO came up with this bad idea?  Walmart  Macys  jcpenney  Target
This is what every 1 of those  BlackFriday  Christmas gifts will look like in 60dys. 'Tis the season 2 b  frugal!… 
Black Friday fight CHAOS at Walmart 2016! People Try To Kill Each Other!: via  YouTube
 spinejackal i was in flip flops and deadpool jacket and star wars t-shirt (both from walmart) and then i was surrounded by nice eyebrows.
Kentabot found 46 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Household Essentials to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
Black Friday shoppers wrestle for deals at Mississippi Walmart via /r/funnyvideos  humor  … 
Walmart sucks and
 jmoss1017 fade Walmart
 irlkenny OH YEAH those are at like Walmart I think
My phone is about to die and I'm stranded in Walmart sos
"I am surprised the liberals allow it to be called Black Friday, sure sounds awful racist to me   Lrihendry  leahr77
"In Reno, Nevada, just after stores opened Thursday night, a Walmart customer was fatally shot when he fought... 
pitching in on  blackfriday with the  Walmart 2214 team! 
 Walmart store mgr and associates dont seem to give a damn
BLACK FRIDAY: The Animal Crossing amiibo 3-Pack is down to  9.99 at Walmart. Cheapest we've ever seen it.… 
The only shopping I did today was to get food and a Christmas sweater at Walmart, and it surprisingly wasn't a madhouse there so that's good
I need to hit up Toys-R-Us or Walmart and get some of my baby's presents when I get off.
 Walmart this store is a joke. Near mcfarland rd in forsyth co. GA
is walmart still crazy ? 😫 i just wanna grocery shop
Y'all mofos really need to learn how to drive. Where tf you get your licenses Walmart?
 FatKidDeals  Walmart shit bruh this is better  ItsJustB0bby
 Walmart Can you see you my order still in processing Order  5981684-854447 

 JasonMerbach
 Walmart been here 45 mins for online pick up. Still waiting for item
 Walmart not your fault personally - just a bit frustrated with Walmart as company...not first time I've walked away dissatisfied.
 ruby_sapphireSU well with this week working at walmart I'm on the same page as you but it's not slowly lmao
Walmart where a kidd can be a kidd 💁🏾
Black Friday Matters protesters riot inside Ohio Walmart. "I blame Donald Trump", says /u/Spez. 
 scrowder Not "cheap," inexpensive? Compared to what, idk; but something like 1  gets from Meijer or Walmart, only more cool, cuz it's  LwC?
 Eyeduzdis Lmao. I went to Walmart last night for bread. I wanted a sammich. People were fighting over TVs, that they had PLENTY of 😂
gots my TV from walmart yesterday for my living room
 ZEPHBONE  Walmart thanks zeph an out of stock version helps a lot
. Flipkart may hire I-bankers to raise funds |  ecommerce  Walmart 

 bhoudat  MindofKBR_0133 not that I saw at Walmart!
.  BlackFriday violence: Shootings at Nevada Walmart, New Jersey Macy’s, Tennessee mall kill 2, injure 2 
 Walmart Target is just north of the Duarte Walmart. I'll go there! besides my husband likes Target's popcorn.
 Walmart and instead of processing my order and finding me one you just shoulder shrug (oh well) and cancel.  Guess I don't matter?
The Battle Between Walmart And Amazon Will Be Epic 
While supplies last...  Walmart  BlackFriday 
Was backing up in Walmart and just rammed by ass into this mid 20's yr old man. He looked very taken back and I looked very embarrassed. Kmn
I was at Walmart, and the guy working had no idea what fruit snacks were...
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Bessemer, AL 
 mcb524 walmart had them now too
Walmart had s5 of shameless for  6 yet we paid  35 for it last Christmas
 imrraww it's out of stock rn but 
Has anyone died in a Walmart yet
 Walmart if it's out of stock how in the world did it let me order?
I bought hella movies last night at Walmart im ready to not leave my bed for a while
 Walmart ordered a razor hover board and received confirmation only to receive a cancellation email the same minute.
 CNNPoliticsDespite Jill Stien: 'Hillary  has spent decades consistently serving the causes of Wall Street, war and the Walmart economy'.
i'd really dislike to work at fast food place or a walmart ☠️
People calling me by my full name in walmart and I have no idea who they are 😕
Black Friday madness: Two people are killed outside a Macy's and a Walmart while customers fight over everything... 
 ironghazi found this at Walmart 
Ayyyyy if you bring me coffee I'll love you forever 💕 I'm at Walmart lol just sayin
Super Mario All Stars - Nintendo Selects (Wii)  15 via Wal-Mart (Free Store Pick Up). 
We went to Walmart because my mom wanted the skillet that was  9 but it was only there on thanksgiving 😂😂😂
 bitwitkyle i just left lake havasu Loves Travel Stop headed for Kentucky for Walmart. 🚚
Annie Get Your Gun, We're Going to Walmart  RetailBroadway  DayAfterThanksgiving
 Walmart I've gone to that site to complain that the Duarte store was declining my ATM card, but it didn't help...and wasn't fixed. I'm done
Walmart is good, but gucci does it better:)

I just spent  400 at Walmart on milk. Happy Black Friday from bux!!! 
Are you out Shopping this  BlackFriday  walmart? Then be sure to stock up on these!    ad  coupons  ibotta  deals
This dude at walmart just asked me "have you seen my girlfriend? she's tall blonde and looks like a drug addict"
LE GASP~! SOMETHING CAME IN THE MAIL TODAY!!!  NESmini Thank you!  Walmart for the safe delivery. 
Thanksgiving Shopping Fun?!? Braving the Crowds, The Walmart Experience & The Value of Time 

Looking for sourci… 
 BlackFriday fraud alert! Beware Walmart, Target and similar "gift voucher" emails and texts claiming you've won... 
I Fuckin hate the Walmart in nogi.
I'm at Walmart and I no longer feel like a minority, it's an odd feeling.
Or you could go to the Rockton Walmart where 3 hours later half the items that were still there and there were no... 
/ 2 ppl shot dead outside Macy's & Walmart on Black Fri via  MailOnline
I liked a  YouTube video Black Friday 2016 fight, Columbus MS Walmart
 BlackFriday at my work is literally lame. No one is here. Way to go Walmart 😂😂
Regular Walmart was a bust, hope this Super Walmart will be a bit better. (  Walmart Supercenter in Apopka, FL) 
See? Stay home! People are nuts!
Two people killed outside a Macy's and a Walmart in Black Friday madness 
 PatTheNESpunk spoke to a walmart employee. My local store had 5 nes on 11th. But another near by walmart had 150 nes on 11th.
Being at Walmart irritates me
 xBCrafted too late. I'm at Walmart lol
came to walmart and everything is bqck to normal like wtf is black friday for
 Mister_Bones i found your movie at walmart for 5.00 
Working at Walmart probably SUCKS
So I went to Walmart thinking it would be crazy. I was in and out in 15 minutes.
Turn heads this holiday weekend in bold metallics & denim that loves your shape. Shop the Totally Shaping Skinny:… 
Time to watch some videos of Walmart becoming a free for all arena.  BlackFriday
Thanksgiving Shopping Fun?!? Braving the Crowds, The Walmart Experi... - More    frequentflyer  churning  travel
hey guys i eat shit in the bathtub then i being silly at walmart but it just a joke
Went to Walmart, got screamed at in the parking lot by an old chonga never going out on Black Friday again.
Now at Walmart getting Johnny his tv🙄
Went to Walmart during black Friday, didn't get punched in the face. 
 Mr__JLew Our Walmart still had most of their deals but you guys probably ran out!
 HopeWiltse same! I bought a  4 Walmart sweatshirt for myself and I was 
 lraymondll 29.92   Walmart
Hey mark walmart thanks for the follow!
Spent nearly an hour in Walmart and only got two games to show for it.

Decided against the HDtv because of mediocr… 
TRAFFIC WATCH ACCIDENTS:

ABERCORN /STEPHENSON
100 POOLER PKWY /WALMART
Wanted to go out with my fam they were going to Walmart I wanted to go but no they are going I'm babysitting...
This guy just said "Time to shift into... Maximum Overdrive..." and started speedwalking to the other side of the Walmart. Me too, man.
Grocery is deserted. Not really surprising given half the country has a fridge full of leftovers!  Walmart… 
Have you tried these easy holiday cookie recipes yet?  ad  lovesnaxcards
Man accused of stealing Children's Miracle Network donation box from Walmart 
 Walmart Online
First place style for your all star.  toddlerboy  kidsfashion Shop here: 
Someone Gettin' Shot In Tha Eye Today..   Walmart Paris - Lamar Ave 
 ericjkrause At first glance I thought you said you took him to Walmart to get his teeth cleaned. 😳
 Iamapescado lol yes! I went to victoria secret, A'gaci and Walmart.
 DGodfatherMoody last night 6pm local  Walmart was cordoned off like disney world lines. ridiculous
 Ryanthesurvivor We're so glad to hear you were able to get one! Thanks so much for shopping with us! -Katz
Today I braved the evil three,  Walmart  BestBuyCanada and  ToysRUs to buy gifts for everybody else but me. Does this mean I'm an adult now?
Btw we went to Walmart at 2 am and it was crazy
Black friday was eventful, shoutout to best buy and walmart for all the deals🙌
Easy solutions for holiday baking with the kids found here  BakingWithBetty... by  Jamericanspice via  c0nvey
 Walmart have order number but no one can help or wants to. Disaster
Getting everyone Walmart sweatpants for the holidays.
Also it's pretty dumb that Walmart had all their sales last night at 6 pm, at least make it still on Friday????? Aren't people eating at 6??
Mentally preparing myself for Walmart
 Above2ndPlace update: gonna go back to Walmart and exchange them because the headphones won't show up on my Bluetooth to link to my iPhone
WOW Toys available from  Walmart  Walmart Dynamite Daisy  blackfridayshopping  blackfriday… 
These deals from last year remain totally unbelievable! 
Titanfall 2 is legit  28 at Walmart
 Walmart I'm in your store on hwy 9 in forsyth co, ga.  Terrible cust svce
 Jasmine_1324 potatoes, pasta, rice (fried, yum), beans (baked, yum), i also love veggie burgers so if u go by walmart check that out
My brother just broke 3 bags of deer corn at Walmart, and started throwing corn at random people.
 RideshareDallas Our apologies. Please share your feedback with us at: -Donna
I forgot that I could probably be sustained indefinitely by a single Walmart. America is crazy
Xbox One S 500GB Console, Your Choice of 4k UltraHD Movie, and  20 Walmart Gift Card  249 via Wal-Mart.… 
Two people shot dead outside a Macy's and Walmart on Black Friday
via  MailOnline
70 yrs & hell's angels refuse2 throw out their pedophiles for Walmart Christmas  Blackfriday… 
By Mid-2017 Walmart to open 200 Academies to train over 140,000 associates/year Check out the latest:  TeamWalmart
 BruceLesley  freeandclear1  HuffPostPol Put them in WalMart or coal mines to learn work ethic. Seriously folks. This is the shit you want.
 krg23 headbands, colorful hair ties, cute hair brush! Walmart has all that in one aisle. 🙌🏼
I'm on the Walmart tour lol...
Meanwhile at Walmart Grownup is having some fun with a kid's tricycle 
 lots of  cool  stuff for sale at  Walmart  southsurrey  whiterockbeach  blackfriday… 
This Walmart smell like straight dick
About to brave Walmart for greens and dog food.
I have this sick obsession with Walmart. Like I love Walmart
Chanel vs. Walmart 
I still get anxiety getting separated from my mother in Walmart
I wonder how Carolina Forest Walmart looks right now.
Bruh I just switched the price on the sign at Walmart to 28  and everyone is crowding around it 😭😭😭😭
Jim and I just got in and out of Walmart on Black Friday in 10 minutes. skillz
And today this jack wagon at Walmart backed into me like wth
Went to Walmart but didn't even get anything, not for myself at least lol
 starfleetdare - ride. We went to Walmart. I saw at least 4 different fist fights break out and other people yelling and screaming at each -
Walmart price matched the Black Friday sale at TRU  30  Lego  RapidRundowns  LittleDeino  GwCollectibles 
Hey  Walmart, why would I need a protection plan for a "Lifeproof" Bluetooth speaker that can float in water?? 🤔🤔🤔
 pregnantwhiner  morganpchupp this was me today in Walmart. i saw about 3 preggers.
Yeah those those moshpits at WalMart are pretty brutal!  megadeth  blackfriday  peacesells  blackfridayshopping… 
 rfc1505 We are sorry to hear this. Can you please elaborate more on what happened so we can better assist you? -Jazz
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist We Beat The WalMart Black Friday Crowd
These bitches   Walmart had on shirts that said "Black Friday Shopping Crew" like that's so extra 😂
Imagine working at the Walmart hair salon.
 lizzyykoehlerr when is Walmart not crazy...
Probably Walmart, I'm Not Sure 
Pray for me & brandi because we're going to Walmart 😂
VIDEO: Woman falls into towel box during Walmart Black Friday shopping: Every year on Black Friday, it's every man… 
Walmart’s Best Black Friday Doorbusters and Deals 
Relatedly...

For sale: Walmart underwear (2 pairs from a 4-pack), never worn
I liked a  YouTube video The Truth about Nintendo Mini MundaneMatt and ReviewTechUSA & Walmart!
In case you're wondering, I just met the meanest  Walmart employee ever.
 DenishaBieberx Walmart omg they're fire 🔥🔥🔥 but they're slightly spicy not too much
I'm at walmart omf omf omf I've seen fat barbies for the first time ever there's people every fucking where 
 M_V_P82 man work on Black Friday at Walmart smh lol
WOW Toys available from  Walmart  Walmart Fireball Frankie Play Set   blackfridayshopping… 
clarion people are the type of people that take snapchats of you in walmart cause ur wearing thigh high boots... bitch PLEASE
This year Walmart launched the Academies Training Program to train managers & hourly supervisors:  TeamWalmart
So what's the emoji for when you travel to your in-laws', forget your suitcase at home, and must buy underwear & a toothbrush at Walmart?
 arcadia_mejia update. Just met his Nani for the first time. In Walmart. 🙃
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs MANNEQUIN CHALLENGE IN WALMART! (Speaker Prank)
Went to Walmart to get a new iPhone cord...almost got hit with a shopping cart👌🏽🙃
Still have to go to Walmart and then the hair store 😩
40billion:

70% of U.S. households with an income above  112,000 have Amazon Prime 
— For…
Walmart  5 bin 
Stopped by Walmart to look at deals.. bought a fifth of Malibu and a movie. What up
oh shit i forgot today is BLACK FRIDAY and im going to WALMART rn
 ronjaminwu  ArtemSter7 shut up Ron ud camp outside Walmart for 3 days for the 10% discount on bananas u cheap
Lmfao meanwhile people are getting punched at Walmart here 
You see some interesting looking people at Walmart yo
 soufrabi IM IN ARBYS AND I JUST CAUGHT A LOOK AT THE WALMART PARKING LOT AND I THINK IM GONNA DIE
 QSalfan good point i meant  walmart
Let's see if I come out with something from Best Buy or Walmart 🙄
And The Patent For Robotic Shopping Carts Goes To... Walmart? via  forbes 
Black Friday Madness: Two People are Killed Outside a Macy’s and a Walmart:  news  usa  cnn  msnbc  nyt  tcot  p2
Protesters demand  15 minimum wage outside Kearny Walmart  NJBusiness
Kentabot found 5 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Home Improvement to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
Be sure to go by Noon- 2pm, Sautrday 11/26 and see Kelly Austin Wggc at Bluegrass Cellular in front of Walmart... 
Me and neenee was in walmart 6 this morning mad as shit 😭
 kingkeyraah  McDonalds  Walmart  tim_cook Darpa Can Freeze Neurotransmitters of Pain While Seeing your Colon. It's not sex euphoria its dew
 jvmarques  Wario64 u guys price matching walmart? Cant find any of the 8 dollar games at any of my wally worlds :/
Thanksgiving Shopping Fun?!? Braving the Crowds, The Walmart Experience & The Value of Time -… 
8 Jaw-dropping Halo Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 anjul__ we can go To Walmart later 😂
Black Friday violence: Shootings at Nevada Walmart, New Jersey Macy’s, Tennessee mall kill 2, injure 2 
 badassgamer954 Haha I think aslong as you don't go to walmart it should all be ok :)
 Walmart What happens when you try to use 
70 yrs & hells angels refuse 2 throw out their pedophiles for Walmart Christmas  Blackfriday… 
Everybody in Walmart got me fucked up oms 😴
 3.50  Walmart 
Just Saying 😘 
I woke up super late today after that midnight run to Walmart. now I'm trying to finish so I can run to the mall.
Black Friday at Walmart  business 
ive got 15 bucks and were going to walmart wish me Luck
Forgot to mention there might be the  99.00 3DS popping up on Amazon and Walmart at random times. They have been MikeHazeGaming
 bigairbuenapark I'm scared to stop over. Between Walmart and my sons wanting to go inside I won't be able to ever leave the mall.
 Stormy_AD  FurryMart pawsome a furry Walmart
Meridian, north of Walmart
TRAFFIC HAZARD

A female in a red jacket, partially laying in the northbound lane. -pfp
Toys for Tots Train Coming to West Side Walmart - Eyewitness News

Shh, don't tell  DodgeRam4x4Man that I'm back at Walmart..and they still have cheap dvds...
 SincereThaTruth Walmart
A Few Black Friday's Ago I Snuck Into A Blocked Off Part Of Walmart Early, To Get Milk And I Still Feel Guilty About It  DeepConfessions
Black Friday at Walmart  business
 Walmart done
 At  Walmart:  Zoë®  Delightful  Duets™  wet  cat  food - Save  0.50 on Any variety.   cashbackoffers  checkout51... 
Did you catch Walmart CEO Doug McMillon's 2025 speech at  netimpact 2016? ICYMI here's the full version  TeamWalmart
On one hand, I need to go to Walmart. On the other, DRIVING IN ANOTHER COUNTRY IS A VERY WEIRD THING.
 KellyAvellino This reminds me not to go to Walmart or shop on Black Friday.
Should i go to the Walmart in Williamsburg or Newport News? 🤔
Thanks to Walmart for changing the 'Black Friday' tradition. Walmart was the the retailer to open on Thanksgiving day in 2012 at 8:00pm.
Black Friday Madness: Two People are Killed Outside a Macy's and a Walmart » Alex Jones' Infowars: There's a war... 
 HoodlumScrafty my friend says Walmart has some shit
Black Friday: Shooting at Nevada Wal-Mart over Parking Space  BreitbartNews  BlackFridayZombies
RIP to the sweet old man from the Walmart deli 😭😭 so freakin sad
Dark souls 3 is  15 at Walmart rn
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Columbus, OH 
Walmart get on my nerves 😑
Just inform the receptionist at wm Windsor, Ontario Canada that a flat tire is unexpected! Hence I can't book an ap… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lawrenceville, GA 
Kentabot is now checking 375 clearance products from Walmart/Food for potential profit on Amazon!  KentaSourcing
 Flyersgoal  davegisaac yea and you're a Walmart greeter
I need cat food and concealer, but I'm not mentally prepared to brave Walmart quite yet.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart.///;;


 GOPPollAnalyst  RepStevenSmith WE went to pick up a pup today :) way better than fighting your way through Walmart 
Niggas in Walmart really peeping the deals on the jewelry 😂😂
Omg Walmart is so slow at activating phones omg!!!!!
Yo i miss working at walmart dawg
It's getting a bit crazy in Walmart today... be safe, but don't forget to buy a Wii U. 
 Sigafoos Oh yeah I watched them go online and sell out within 15 minutes on the Walmart website
him: "i stopped at walmart"
me: *thinks* 'is he getting me flowers?'😂😂😂🙁
 zeppelinvibes and Walmart
luc jackson and alzen went in walmart for an hour today and all they came back to the car with was candy
 rebeccacallard 
Egrets
WalMart parking lot
Early morning 
There is nothing in walmart worth getting trampled over
My mom said on my way home 40 minutes ago. Wya ? You went to Walmart which is 5 minutes away.
 PhDee lol walmart
That's not a vindication of Democrats failing to prosecute bankers post 2008, DOMA, DADT, or her being in the board… 
Looks like  digital and  discounters win  blackfridayshopping so far.  tjmaxx steadily busy  Walmart… 
She told me to go in Walmart alone.... today.
 Walmart I returned 3 items on Monday. One was over 100 dollars. Why hasn't it hit my charge card yet??  walmart
When someone in Canada steals my debit card number and tries to spend  170 at Canadian Walmart and  5 at McDonald's  imbroke  nicetry
Protesters demand  15 minimum wage outside Kearny Walmart: It has become an annual tradition for 15 Now NJ to… 
I move away for 5 months and now there's a Walmart in Moon?
Just another guy with his inmate sweatshirt shopping at WalMart on  BlackFriday . 
Background & polygraph  hells angels  Pedophiles  Christmas Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video from  massteaparty Murder At Walmart - Person Killed Over A Parking Space - Fox &
;( I bought something from Walmart on Sunday

 Alex49217  TheArktikCa7 
Stupid ass people take you ass to Walmart or Target fuck outta here
 Seanfranchise6 Memphis comes back in the last minute to beat Houston, I survived Walmart, not sure of the stock market
⒈  IAmThankfulFor
⒉ Black Friday
⒊ Walmart
⒋ Moana
⒌ Plaza

2016/11/25 17:37 AST  trndnl 
 Riqhts  Mezz_yBz you can buy cellucor from walmart, please stop it's trash lmaooooo
Please tell me why my family sent me to buy Christmas lights at WALMART on BLACK FRIDAY
 josieprueter don't ever go to Walmart on Black Friday 🙈
 rachhhlynnnn i.e Walmart on Black Friday.
 gilnskyjack did you get a galaxy luna from Walmart
Lost in Walmart
 mustlovewinston We are sorry to hear this. Please reach out to the store Mgr with your concern for further assistance. -Jazz
Came to Walmart and totally forgot that it's Black Friday. Fuck me 😑
Black Friday at Walmart via /r/business 
 Walmart 1/Had a flat tire 2/Went to  yqg wm branch 3/ At the reception I was asked if I booked an appointment!!  canada  ontario_411
 RTorFAV_1 Chanel vs Walmart
 Walmart beyond frustrated with in store pick up. Item we ordered was released to someone- you didn't even check ID- and now we are SOL.
I trashed my Chemistry teacher on the teacher evaluation...then I saw him in Walmart 20 mins later...fml
 robyeahh dude the mall wasn't even that bad but the Lodi Walmart was FILLED w Pakistanis 😂
I can't stop lol'ing at this list I found in Walmart the other day  BlackFriday 
Got battlefield 1 boiii, for real though Walmart is having decent sale on games.
I found a Lynyrd Skynyrd CD in walmart for  5 
 THEREALRTU Be glad you didn't report your flawed news story on a platform where Walmart or Nintendo could take notice (1/2)
 Chelseasimp14 by 10 I was done and ready to lay on the walmart floor
I hope Walmart not packed I need two things
so many fine looking daddies today in Walmart
I'm at  Walmart_br in Belo Horizonte, MG 
Somebody just ran over my entire foot with their cart at Walmart....
 ascho11 or i'm parked at Tobico Marsh or walmart or something lol
 beckythecyclist I need a stationary bike for cheap. Not sure if they'd have that, but I'm looking on 
Just now asked the Walmart clerk "yall got any  of those Black Friday TVs left?"

They weren't amused.
 DoubleOOAwesome seen one at Walmart yesterday for 30
Really need to go to Walmart for groceries but I'm not about to deal with all that mess
Walmart, Best Buy, shoe carnival, home 😎. Ready to clean my house and take a nice bubble bath and relax
the self-checkout register broke at Walmart when I was just trying to get my change back
Don't understand my dad, stopped at Walmart on Black Friday to buy beer, cause its cheaper than 7-11. Convenience upcharge is worth it.  smh
 alohajohnny_ i  at Walmart and cracking up so hard at this because  me 😭😭😭
Hot damn, Walmart is selling tempered glass screen protectors for  1! 
Alex Armistead walks out of walmart, opens up his jacket and yells "Ohio State bitch" 😂😭😂😭
I liked a  YouTube video from  brailleskate ALL WALMART GAME OF SKATE | STUPID SKATE EP 61
Grand Theft Auto V -  25   Walmart 
12 Practical Javascript Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
 Thirmariaa__  kyaaani istg im tired of walmart! we need EXTRA pay for this shit lol
TRAFFIC WATCH ACCIDENTS:

EISENHOWER /SHORTY COOPER RD
ABERCORN /STEPHENSON
POOLER PKWY /WALMART

RHS: WINDSOR RD
 nonprophetess  TechyFolks We got a whole variety cheesecake here at walmart.
I saw this at Walmart . ima get one and put it on my bike 
 RawrItsJuliex3 lol I just bought your present at Walmart 😂
LAST DAY!  MerryandBright w/  WalmartCanada! Vote 4 ur fave: They'll donate  1/vote to… 
UPDATE:  Flagstaff teen who shoplifted and pulled a gun on Walmart staff has been arrested.  
Will Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon Save Tire Maintenance?
 RMegee12 haha it's not even a joke though it's just really sad ..people actually get trampled trying to get something from Walmart ....lmao
Lost dog Dalmation pointer mox (Walmart on union tacoma)  OlyLostPets 
Walmart Black Friday 2016 Deals Online, In-App  buyingonline,savingonline,ecommerce,onlinedeals,shoppingonline 
I was in Walmart and almost everyone I walked past mentioned Liberty's Football game at least once. I love my Small Town😍💚
 Nessandcompany is it one of those "supa radical!!!" walmart ones
Watch: Frenzied Black Friday shoppers swarm Walmart and start fighting over towels 
MALE CEOs/CMOs who create DANGER for People  BlackFriday by offering rare deals call me for Executive Coaching!  Macys  Walmart  DailyMail
 geenuhbobina stay safe out there! I was gunna go to Walmart before until I remembered what day it was 🙄🙄 lmfao
GTA V - X1 -  15.00  Walmart: Cheapest it's ever been 
Pokemon Sun  33.99   pokemon sun is randomly  6 off at right now.… 
Wow even Walmart has better customer service than  madebygoogle. Didn't see that one coming.
About to watch  AlmostChristmas when I get back from Walmart 👀
Better not see no one at Walmart rn bc I look like a hobo
Two people shot dead outside a Macy's and Walmart on Black Friday  MailOnline
Me to Walmart  Employee: Where are the scales?
Employee: For weight or food?
Me: For cocaine 
 WhyAmILikeThis  ItWasAJoke
I need to go to Walmart.😒
Why did I come to Walmart by myself? Why did I think this was a good idea??? ????
If you went and fought over something in Walmart today right after being thankful for what you already had yesterday then smh
Pedophiles A hells angels Christmas Walmart 
 rainnwilson  Walmart Not my BF Deal! Waa! Not my BF Deal! Waa!! Not my BF deal!! Waaaaa!!
 JuicyJWyatt we did not get the Walmart Black Friday/thanksgiving pic
I liked a  YouTube video from  deanjhowell2 THANKSGIVING/ BLACK FRIDAY TOY HUNT AT WALMART,TARGET, TOYSRUS
 Walmart your employees are not very nice today. Giving me attitude when all I asked for were directions to a laptop in your flyer.
The power went off at Walmart and my sister says "Gina Black Friday has started" 😂😂💀
Ugh....why do I itch everytime I'm in Walmart?  allergic
 berezaagames Go to cvs or walmart or target. Jeez
Scouts should've seen my footwork dodging the big crowds at Walmart
 sarahkendzior  sahmiya  Bobblinger saying trump needs prestige is like saying Walmart needs valet parking.
morgan as a greeter at walmart  pantherrrs10 
went to Walmart to but sausage party & one of the workers looked at me and said "enjoy your hotdog" 😳
Happy 1 yr anniversary to me almost running into Tech N9ne   the LS Walmart, but then being too shy to run after him to ask for a pic. :( :(
At Walmart:  EnviroCare - Save  1.00   onlinecoupons  printablecoupons  save.ca  save.ca  walmart - 
Walmart. 
the battery on my truck stopped working so i'm stranded at walmart rip
 KATYCATS!!! A new  COVERGIRL photo of our beloved  KatyPerry!!! Found at WalMart on a Holiday Collection stand!!!… 
I support WSU because I actually go there, not because I'm in community college and bought a UW sweatshirt at Walmart 💫
HOW THE FUCK DO PEOPLE RUN INTO SEAN IN PUBLIC AND I CAN'T FIND MY OWN FAMILY IN WALMART
W H A T
T H E
F U C K
Walmart 
There was only four copies left of  nickjonas  MensHealthMag left at Walmart. And there was a lot of people… 
SOME DIFFERENT PLACES TO  Shop ON  BlackFriday ARE  Walmart  target  JCPenney  BestBuy  Sears  blackfridayshopping
5 Halo Tips From Walmart Ceo C. Douglas Mcmillon
i only need one thing from walmart but i know i will end up buying like 12 things so i don't wanna go because i have no self control
 anabiell fuckin gay yeah maybe ill suck it up and go to walmart but it's soooo windy :(
Barbie cruise ship walmart 
IM SOBBING IN THE FUCKING MIDDLE OF WALMART 
 DropThe_Mic She could sue Walmart.
 910WATTS has me at this bummy ass walmart.. better be worth it
Any but walmart 
Trenton Walmart reopens to big crowds, but many empty shelves after recent fire  CKWS_Morganne reports  CKWS_TV  ygk 
The line around the camo attire at Walmart is hilarious
 grewalusmc Please share your feedback with us at so proper action can be taken. -Jazz
 mybaby_kr Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 DrVonBraun screw  Walmart
This holiday  BakeWithBetty for some cookies & treats I love giving cookies as gifts!  ad 
 killa_jax Have you reached out to our Help Desk team:to share feedback for your Site-to-store order? -Donna
 washingtonpost  sarahhalzack It is really a benefit to them, especially WALMART as THEY charge you  4.99 shipping anyways. Ripoff!
VL's New Ebook Fresh for  BlackFriday   vlomni  dataintegration  jet
Nowhere in the print ad for  Walmart Black Friday ad does it say "in store only"  walmartsucks  deceptiveadvertising  baitandswitch
Please do not shop at  walmart ... they are not paying holiday pay to employees for working yesterday.  thanksgiving
I'm pretty sure Standard Walmart price is 59.96 for new games, they cut it 8 cents lol 
Everyone buying 50 inch TVs at Walmart while I'm just trying to get boxer briefs
I really hate Walmart
 RogerCarlson601 We love your positive outlook, Roger! Thanks for all you do for our customers and our Walmart family! -Katz
newsmax Holiday Price War Intensifies as Wal-Mart, Target Pursue Amazon 
Holiday Price War Intensifies as Wal-Mart…
 YoGirlKayy man if you had put the Walmart part of the video up I woulda got tf slandered 😭😂💀💀💀
 fox5sandiego why are guys at the Poway Walmart right now?
Goes to Walmart to buy video game, buys a giant tv instead.
4 dollars for this ? Thank you Walmart 😭 
Going to Walmart, gotta take him. Staying home while others go out, gotta keep him. Taking a shower, well, gotta shower when baby sleeps
WALMART BLACK FRIDAY AMIRITE 
Welcome to Walmart  pantherrrs10 
 jb_1213 got it from Walmart boi
Jori snapped when I told her that power wheel wasn't hers😂 she hit that box sooo mf'n hard n Walmart and yelled saying ion get her nothin😭😭👊
Scene outside of WalMart reminiscent of Saudi's trying to get Into Hillary's office at Foggy Bottom. 
 walmartfights
 moriohfurs rohan goes fursuiting in a walmart and koichi is forced to record it
Luke picked up a big brown dog bone at Walmart n says look it's devonees dads... I've never been more mad in my life
Black Friday something serious at Walmart in the step. 
 XHeyItsMelinaX  glichycreeper i bought bread and mulk from walmart...i thinl erick need sum mulk 
 alexfahnestock I ripped mine at walmart ❤️ I feel your pain.
 GrabYourWallet supporters while you're boycotting and buying your cheap stuff at Walmart = China Inc..
 KatieKearney_ I'm sure it's better than going to Walmart like we did last night. That was a debacle.
 MuscNotMusic WALMART
VIDEO: Woman falls into towel box during Walmart Black Friday shopping >>> 
Found The Breakfast Club at Walmart for  3 and couldn't be happier
 AhlamStan 
Chanel vs walmart
Just saw someone try to steal someone's paid for cart at Walmart...
 Walmart Black Friday Deals RESTOCKED AGAIN!!  HURRY! - 
 LongLivePepe Or stand in line at a Walmart for 2 hours, in conditions that must look a lot like the apocalypse.
Finding Dory (2016)  [ Save 75% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
WalMart Cyber Monday Deals:  99 Prada Sunglasses, Samsung TVs Over 50% Off & More

Happy Blackfriday at my local walmart there is a war lmao!  Walmart  WalmartToday   WalmartCanada   WalmartLabs   WalmartCareers
When your best friend finally gets an iPhone you go on FaceTime adventures everywhere. Even Walmart for cookies 😂 
I need to go to Walmart but I just know them lines long af
Why did I dream that I was at Walmart with Kim Kardashian being chased by people with purge masks wth
 Walmart bought a speaker can't return it cuz our Walmart in Trenton Ontario had a fire.... speaker broke and waiting to return  lostreceipt
 Walmart avg. Of 14 per store. Seems low for holiday time.
 CrankyPants68 Is it ever REALLY safe to go to Walmart?
Target is liberal Walmart discuss
So...you're going to want to WATCH THIS! 
SmartMade Meals Just  2.28 At Walmart! 
*Lady in Walmart : How old's your son?

*me: He's 6. Thanks for asking.😂🙄 
I went to Walmart yesterday and I heard some of the workers there saying I hope a fight breaks out tonight during black Friday wtf 😂
JUST WENT TO  Walmart ON This Great  BlackFriday
Walmart Early Cyber Week via  WomanlyWoman
Walmart: 50-Piece Train Set with 2-in-1 Activity Table  37 (Reg  60).


 ForcingTheIssue walmart must be so proud.
Walking around Walmart & I hear  PTXofficial playing!  apentatonixchristmas
I need shower shoes and the last place I want to go is Walmart right now
Chanel Vs. Walmart 
Just had a lady come up to me at Walmart and said "Jesus Loves you, he told me to come let you know"
I was speechless...🙏
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance 
Interesting data, and Walmart is amazon’s main competition  ecommerce  mobile  retail  
PSA: The Complete Series of The Twilight Zone is 49.96   Walmart 
In walmart
 Aleexisss16 😂 my mom tried to get me a bf the other day we went to Walmart bcuz one guy was always in the same aisle as us😂
Chill but I smack my kid hand in Walmart for being bad and they call dyfys or some shit 😭😭😭 
Gladiator Sapphire Series Blu-ray  6.96 at Walmart: 
Do you think it's safe to go to Walmart now?  I need snacks and I figure most of the craziness should be over by now right?
I've been in Walmart for like ten minutes and I've heard two One Direction songs
I hate Walmart.
FREE  10 Gift Card to Target, Walmart, Kohl's or Macys

 willnverbreakme Walmart was crazy last night got some good deal though. Hope you had a safe and great Thanksgiving
 CurtisJtaylor Thank you for choosing Walmart. Happy Holidays!! -Jazz
Not crowded at all (  Walmart) on  Yelp 
knocked out toys r us and walmart lst night. time for best buy, macy's, and target... all before 5.
Store of last resort. (at  Walmart in Altamonte Springs, FL) 
The Walmart, Target, Best Buy after party tonight  SUB51  SKAMARTIST 
The disappointment in my fathers face when I headed straight to the toy section at Walmart, was priceless
My phone on 3% & I'm in Walmart 😭
Debo just be lying 💀 should've left him at Walmart where I met him at
Black Friday is here  help bring tablets to the  Spanish classroom via  donorschoose  bps  staples  bestbuy  walmart
 purple_n_orange one of my boys who lives in NY had me check Walmart here for a hatchimal. Had no idea those things existed but fuck anyone
Trenton Walmart opens for Black Friday 
 CassieMurillo it's crazy I was going to get something from Walmart today and I saw the Parking lot and was like no
Kentabot found 6 potentially profitable products from Walmart/Toys to sell on Amazon!  KentaDeals
 estafaniaas walmart had toooons of copies if southcenter fails which it probably will considering how ABSOLUTE SHIT eb games is
 QSalfan walmart might be hiring you could some money
No luck  Walmart in my quest for the elf. You're up  Kohls !
I'm excited for some sweet  BlackFriday deals. WalMart has Hydrazine on for  29 a barrel! 
Moment Black Friday bargain-hunter launches an expletive-filled rant at Walmart staff claiming she has lost her boy… 
Holiday Price War Intensifies as Wal-Mart, Target Pursue Amazon 
 maxandmaury haha my net speeds drop down to 25kbps!!!! Australian internet!😕
I feel your pain bro! 

Walmart internet?? 😜 Audi_Guy
we've gotta go to walmart tonight & I'm just hoping we don't hit any Black Friday anything.
 FaZeNikan Target, Walmart, Best Buy, Starbucks, McD's, Hotel, My cousins house, My house
Nick's idea of a date is taking me to Walmart 😕
 cindynorth1  TheAtlantic All Evangelicals cue up with passports in hand. Walmart cards will suffice.
FREE  10 Walmart Gift Card or Cash

Daddy kicked the shit out of some dude at a Walmart this morning.
Black Friday 2016 deals watch: Walmart’s best Black Friday deals  tech  news
Walmart, Axiom Exergy partner for refrigeration energy storage project 
Damn Walmart sold out of my baby table and chairs. Smh.
 Lukeip to the bitch ass cashiers at walmart...
These shoppers are nuts!  Walmart is cheap every day!  blackfriday  walmartfights
This man on Ellen lost 300 pounds from getting rid of all the food in his house and walking to Walmart for food every time he was hungry 😪
Shopping walmart garland tx. with Janie and Diana black friday deals.  😨
 SarahAlyssandra Walmart?
Went to Walmart and they told me certain items deals were last night and not today. But today is Black Friday?
Your mcm gets his hair cut at Walmart
Usa, botte al black friday in MississippiAl Walmart la corsa... 
Black Friday Walmart, Target, Best Buy  250 Gift Card Giveaway via  bargainator
Maybe  Walmart Should Consider A Holiday Transition
From November To January Every Year Change Your Name To THUNDER… 
Flutterbye Flying Fairy African American Doll   toys  Walmart  Christmas  christmasgifts  BackToSchool  target
I'd watch a marathon of the Gilmore Girls before I went to Walmart on Black Friday
Literally sitting in the Walmart parking lot bc my stomach hurts too much to go in
Okay  heading up to  Walmart for some  blackfridayshopping hope their is still some bed spreads left 🤔🔥❄️
 Espinozaa_Omz at Walmart
 princeofichis canadian tire is sort of like home depot and Walmart mixed together...but bad
 FaZeNikan try Walmart they have Internet :D most of the time no ones on it
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Brenham, TX 
Walmart be like:"Oh it's almost December, time to get ready for Easter"
Headed to Walmart or Best Buy for Black Friday? Avoid parking & take Lyft! (Like Uber) use code SARAHJ3 for  50 credit!  blackfriday 🚗💨
 DoubleRrr still in Walmart?
Have to go to Walmart but I'm stalling cause I don't want there to be a lot of people
If I ever try cosplay, it's going to be Mad Max at Walmart on Black Friday.
In NJ  Walmart associates said lots done at with  pickup instore  blackfriday 
My buddy texted me and told me he could get me a 55" 4K tv for 260 from Walmart.... please god.
Why is Walmart always a mad house
I picked up Gears 4 at Walmart today for just 35 bucks brand new. I may not see daylight for a while ;)… 
Can someone tell me when Walmart started selling Jordan 11's?🤔 
 FaZeNikan go to Walmart they have free wifi and it's decent
Do I try to brave Walmart or is it too soon? 🤔
 WayfareTrail Our apologies, we accept US issued ID for check-cashing and purchase of controlled substances: -Donna
Are you seriously barefoot in the Walmart bathroom?
No luck at Walmart or Walgreens either 
Mom sent me by myself Black Friday shopping at Walmart yesterday with a list of things to get and I somehow got every bit of it ☺️
 warcraftstats walmart should be a rated battleground  .
 FaZeApex look at my profile to see who I found at Walmart yesterday
Central Americans surge north...reach U.S. before Trump inauguration -Walmart last nite, 400+ Guatemalans everywhere
My makeup looks really good today and all I'm doing is going to Walmart 😭
Limited Quantity!  Visual_Land 10.1" IPS 64 Bit OctaCore Android 6.0 Marshmallow Tablet  Walmart  98.00… 
Lol yesturday i went to walmart & it was super packed & i was behind an old lady that never moved so i hit her with the cart & she stops
*going through and flipping over all of the Trump  covered magazines at walmart*
Just doing my part to make a America great again?😊
And always seems to be a Walmart.  BlackFriday 
A fight over a Walmart parking spot turned deadly last night in NV... This reminds me of the deadly Black Friday st… 
At Walmart now, & it still feels like a big early morning Black Friday crowd
"I'm 72 years old," a woman at a Walmart in Florida said. "I'm too old for this." 
Best Walmart Black Friday Deals are Cyber Week Deals Today 
I jumped in a box of pillows yesterday at Walmart. Got stuck and now I have a bruise on my leg 😩😩
they only had 1 kind of champagne at walmart and they had extra dry and brut so i got one of each
 YoungPadawanPR We're sorry you're waiting for your refund. So we can better assist, was this for a purchase in-store or online? -Katz
 MRESQ7 We are so sorry to hear this. Can you please share the store this happened at? -Jazz
The poor folks don't need gymn memberships they get their exercise at Walmart, Kohls and K Mart  BootlegBarnicle 
Holy crap, Walmart is on their game. Ordered Xbox yesterday, scheduled to show up today. FedEx is the deciding factor though, so 😒
 foodforthought 
Happy "Murder People in Walmart for Electronics" Day!

 blackfriday  shopping… 
K -Mart has officially become the new walmart. 5 minutes was way more than enough.
Black Friday shoppers wrestle for deals at Mississippi Walmart via  VideoTest 
Some people in the toy aisle at Walmart were dancing to the bop it
What is going on? 
 Walmart Congrats Walmart, you earned it once again 
 Walmart  HEB THIS MAKES ME LAUGH SO HARD WHY AM I SO ANNOYING
I forgot it was fucking black Friday and i decide to come to walmart😒 fml
My dad left me at Walmart
It's so sad when you know the layout of  Walmart  better than your friends house  Christmas
Walmart employees refuse to bake cake for retired cop 
I went to pick up Madden and 2K and Best Buy was sold out...went to WalMart on some dumb shit and it was cheaper 😄😄😄
Going to Walmart super center. I don't wanna have to pepper spray bitches :/
the community walmart gets pretty interesting. we also have a fantastic movie theatre 
 ThankMeLaater Walmart parking lot in 5 catch my fade
Because it's time for THE ENSHILLENING: GO KILL A GRAMMA IN THE WALMART TO GET THAT MOANA DOLL ON THIS BLACKEST OF BLACK FRIDAYS EDITION.
 walmart Top  blackfriday Toys 
the black friday rush must've all taken place this morning, because walmart was hardly that busy.
Black Friday Madness: Two People are Killed Outside a Macy’s and a Walmart  Infowars  BlackFridayZombies
 Joyis27 You can track you order by visiting: -KM
Three dollar wine from Walmart >
Working customer service at Walmart  and listening to customers is like the complaints of the citizens of Pawnee IN
Just had to bass on this middle aged white man wearing all camouflage in Walmart 😊
y I  boycottblackfriday wrong way 2 enjoy  HolidaySeason Police Parking Lot Dispute Leaves 1 Dead    Nevada  WalMart 
Black Friday Walmart In Many. 
Two people have been killed outside a Macy's and a Walmart because of Black Friday? Wow I can't deal.
Bitches at the Walmart on cockrellhill just ASK to get rocked.
Maaaaan I saw at least 5 people steal from the Walmart game section
Seen my ex and her new nigga in Walmart. Glad I'm fresh  AF 😜
They should just open a portal to hell at the doors to Walmart and save karma a lot of work.  blackfridayshopping
 Walmart Thanks, but I was actually looking for this one from your Black Friday ad. Is it in-store only or somethin… 
Best 'Black Friday' 2016 Deals: Amazon, Apple, Best Buy, Target And Walmart - Forbes 
May or may not have been in Walmart & noticed that there were no TOH CDs & then after finding one I may or may not have put it in front. 🙄
 ACookseyMusic was that you I saw fighting at Walmart over a Tv 🙈😂😂😂 jk did u go shopping
 BurnettRM thats a downer! One of my all-time favorite  movies and I'm stuck watching the Walmart copy while others get the 4K treatment.
People Of Walmart  1 
I have never once wanted to go Black Friday shopping... however me and Brent go to Walmart every year just to watch people act like animals
 Walmart thank you.i speak 4 the other numerous people who put up with crowd N traffic nightmare 2 C a store manager Make A FOOLISH decision
Thank you for the amazing  blackfriday deal!!  VIZIO  Walmart 
 tkappt  Walmart no lmao but I'm going to get this weekend though
Kinda getting tired of walking up and down these aisles  Walmart your stores are evil
 ClintBowyer did you go to Walmart trying to find you a deal today?
 business Black Friday at Walmart 
 Walmart is Mario kart 8 included?Nintendo Wii U Console Bundle with Bonus Controller, Game and amiibo
 : 3MJC9T2E2OAS
Walmart got Plan🅱️ 2 for  40  Blackfriday
I wandered into Walmart during my lunch break to get some stuff I already needed to buy, and had forgotten what day it is.
You MCM uses this cart to shop at Walmart. 
Instead of getting trampled at Walmart..  blackandgoldfriday ! Pasted.io
 pasted  digitalart  collageart  pastedapp… 
QOTD: how many  Walmart employees does it take to find a turkey baster? We're up to 3, I'll let you know when we find one. 😐
RURAL KING IS BoeingSS PRO AND WALMART IN ONE STORE HELP ME
Kentabot is now checking 1,130 rollback products from Walmart/Toys for potential profit on Amazon!  KentaSourcing
 NBCSports  dpshow  Walmart Ha love ir
 JimmySnakes  ApplegathAsylum  LFCKV  Cuellar360 I guess it's a Prairie Walmart. Take that vid in Vancouver and get a very different crowd.
 SpaitoGaming on GMA this morning, they showed some deals on toys at 😓
Why did the lights go dim in Walmart?
Why these  walmart employees look like they're about to go to war???!? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😩😩💀💀  blackfriday 
 MattFratt so I was at Walmart today and, well they had these 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Celina, OH 
⒈  IAmThankfulFor
⒉ Black Friday
⒊ Walmart
⒋ Moana
⒌ Plaza

2016/11/25 17:12 AST  trndnl 
Its okay if you didn't get want you wanted;  Walmart will always have make sure your happy.  TEAMWALMART
Thank you  Walmart . I'm the proud owner of a new 55" 4K Smart TV. And I didn't have to leave my bed. Merry Christmas to me!
The pumpkin pie from Walmart doesn't taste the same 😭
Want to win Win a  100 Walmart Gift Card A Giveaway Promote® Giveaway Comp? I just entered to win and you can too. 
I bought a tv online  Walmart this morning was in stock now they cancelled my order cause they are out of stock How is that right  yousuck
So far, surprisingly tranquil, even at Walmart and Best Buy!
regram amzingfantasy
Remember to… 
What did the NC State-UNC crowd look like? I assume all the UNC fans were checking out the Black Friday sales at Walmart.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Ashland, KY 
Are You Going Black Friday Shopping???  BlackFridayShopping  Shopping  BlackFridayWeekend  BlackFriday 💲💲💲💰👝💵💴💶  Walmart  BestBuyMexico
Cyber Monday Shopping at Walmart. 
 lokihellfire Black Friday items are available for that price through Friday or while supplies last. Have you checked your local store? -KM
 DPtheKid i copped late at walmart
 JakeBaldino gonna get me a new tv, had my vizio since 2008, any recommendations? I'm probably gonna get mine at Walmart so 😂
Get yourself a man that you play around with in Walmart and takes pictures of you on poop 
Walmart had flamingo slippers 😭😭😭😭😭❤️ 
After 3 trips to Walmart in 24hours, the mall, and every other store… 
 MaryLynnRajskub OMG was just in Walmart and saw the same Cat Yoga calendar!
at walmart and uhh so far no fights
The Black New 3DS is jumping in and out of stock at Walmart. Good luck. 
I don't blame ya. Most I did today was order some mint hot cocoa and 100 pounds of ice melt on… 
 Walmart wants our trust--in return, we ask for commitment on their 2025 sustainability goals:… 
40" flatscreen for  125 at WalMart 
 BlackFridayShopping I'm gonna bend over & do some squats by the pallet of Video Games/TV's and see if I get any take-home-Stalkers. Walmart
went to Walmart at 12:00 noon and still got the game and tv I wanted.
Black Friday shopping at Jackson Walmart was like a  small class reunion.
Mom just pep talked the Walmart cashier while shading the rude woman behind us. Happy  BlackFriday ! 
 CoachGuevara205 Lol.  Looks like a fun game!  Can I get it at Walmart or whatever?
At Walmart 
 DevinD33 I drove to Walmart just down the street and got  4 pajamas for my kids.
So glad I work at  WalmartCanada and not  Walmart 😂😂 
I wish Walmart had Black Friday deals on their groceries
 uhnecio nah dude got this one on walmart
Black Friday Death Count: Man Shot, Killed over Walmart Parking Spot 
 Jay_Barnes919  Kroeger a Walmart unc fan. It's not his fault, he was likely born into his ways.
Walmart Strikes Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
Was just reminded why I have not shopped  Walmart in years and why I will not attempt to shop there ever again.  Horrible service.
went shopping today and someone picked a fight with me at walmart right in front of there 2 children  blackfridayshopping
 KelsoTimebomb Yeah we went through similar things. We were right next to a Walmart so we basically kept up with their opening hrs.
Girl at Walmart picks up a book with the title "Scenes from Heaven", then she says, "Wow! I must be in here!" 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <Hx3^> 
 Walmart my number 5831674-664734 I need to know if it's been shipped or not?
 AnnaLeigha1 don't do it I went to Walmart last night and someone stole a bear from my hand and ran I have never been so upset
 Visiondary  DICKS no I went last night. It's ass everything is cheaper at Walmart and target
YOU TOO CAN WORK AT WALMART

DON'T TAX SUPER RICH

TRICKLE DOWN WORKS SO WELL

ONLY RICH SHOULD B VOTING

DON'T TAX… 
Anybody wanna go to Walmart ?
My local Walmart. Not many takers for the Wii U this Black Friday. Nintendo finished? 
rlly tired of walmart😒
I have to pick something up from Walmart and I'm actually scared.
i shouldve got up to drive him to walmart i really really fucking hate myself right now
3  REITs for Your Black Friday Shopping Cart  DCT  DRE  UE Also  PLD  Walmart  AMZN  KIM  VNO 
Big Day For Retailers: 5 ETFs To Shop For Black Friday  PMR  RTH  XRT  IBUY  FTXD Also  JCP  KSS  TGT  Walmart  Apple 
Nice and might run more 
 TRTC
 IDXG
 PPP
 ITMSF
 JGWE
 PALAF
 VSYS
 KSHB
 PRKR
 CSIQ
 IPXL
 TAN
 CVS
 NVS
 Walmart
 PHM
 NXPI
 TRMB
 SLCA
 TPH
Trending:  BlackFriday damp squib via  proactive_NA  JCP  M  TGT  KSS  AMZN  Walmart  TUES
Oh boy! This many  fitbit still at  wmt  fit  wearables  overit  Retail 
Dow  Stocks Trend  DD  Boeing  UTX  MCD  GE  AXP  JPM  CAT  UNH  DIS  IBM  Apple  CVX  GS  MSFT  Walmart  HD  VZ  Intel    
Why ain't  Walmart RED?

 AMZN  Walmart:

Your Evening Briefing:


If you follow  Walmart Check out this site! ----> 
 CTS  BSX  PANW  EXAS
Peak Amazon? It May Begin With A Bang, Not A Whimper  CSCO  FB  Google  NFLX  TGT  Walmart  YHOO  GOOG  AMZN
What's up with  Walmart? Find out more at  Crisil  Rupee
We calculated 63-day Expected Return of  Walmart for you: -0.4% 
Recent  Walmart technical alerts: Crossed Above 50 DMA plus 5 more alerts... 
 Walmart Business Highlights 
 Walmart Advantage consumer in annual US holiday shopping sprint 
 Walmart Wal-Mart (Walmart) Sees Strong Start to Holiday Season 
SAlphaTrending: Peak Amazon? It May Begin With A Bang, Not A Whimper  CSCO  CISCO  FB  Google  NFLX  TGT  Walmart  YHOO…
Peak Amazon? It May Begin With A Bang, Not A Whimper  CSCO  CISCO  FB  Google  NFLX  TGT  Walmart  YHOO  GOOG  AMZN
Still managed to pull 6 figures out of the market on a half trading day.  Mostly swing trades.  SPY  TSLA  VOD  Walmart  X  CF  CLF  CVS  GPRO
First Published on 11/03/2016 by  HedgeBz | Visa offers Manitobans  10 to shop anywhere BUT Walmart  V  Walmart… 
 Walmart [stc] 16 DEC16  70 Cs   1.55 | Closed Half, 1/4 Remain [+210%]
On The Fly: Top stock stories for Friday  JNJ  ALIOF  TGT  Walmart  IIIN  LFUS  CTRP  AIRG 
Today's quick trade for members pre-market:   Walmart  TGT
Health care sector moderately undervalued based on price-to-sales valuations   BIIB  JAZZ… 
 CourtReagan  TheDomino  amazon  Target  Walmart 
This is where I shop Online!
 TGT Baby!
 Walmart
 Amzn ❤️
And clothing:  GPS  KSS
Benzinga: Shopping Extravaganza: Black Friday In Focus As Market Keeps Setting Records  AMZN  BBY  TGT  Walmart  SPY
Shopping Extravaganza: Black Friday In Focus As Market Keeps Setting Records  AMZN  BBY  TGT  Walmart  SPY
F U  Walmart
Wal-Mart: Still The Safest Item In Retail  AMZN  COST  TGT  Walmart
 Walmart shares edged higher in pre-market trading as Wal-Mart began offering Cyber Monday deals on Friday
 TGT  M  AMZN  Walmart:

By the numbers: The biggest shopping weekend of the year:


Holiday Price War Heats Up as Wal-Mart, Target Chase Amazon:  retailers  Walmart  AMZN  TGT 
 AMZN Online spending falls short of expectations on Thanksgiving, despite record days for some  Walmart  V  SPY  stocks
 Apple  Apple offers up to  150 in gift cards on certain Black Friday items  AMZN  Walmart  SPY  stockmarket  stocks  QQQ
 Walmart  BBY  AMZN  TGT:

Shopping Extravaganza: Black Friday In Focus As Market Keeps …:


 Walmart Thanksgiving Online Sales, Black Friday Deals Fuel Surge In Buying 
 Walmart Trending Now 11/25/2016 If you follow Walmart Share your opinions here

Go here: ---->  
 AMZN  Amazon,  TGT  target &  Walmart  Walmart : All Post Surge In Online Sales - 
Just set some limit sells off the cell.  LOW  X  Walmart  GLD  VALE  AKS  IWM -- updates when I can. Don't forget we close soon
Thanksgiving Online Sales, Black Friday Deals Fuel Surge In Buying  AMZN  Apple  Walmart  BlackFriday
 TGT  KSS  Walmart  AMZN  Apple:

Online spending falls short of expectations on Thanksgiving, despite …:


 Walmart Holiday Shopping Still Key for Wal-Mart and Big Retailers 
Benzinga: All The Post-Thanksgiving Holiday Deals From The 2 Largest Retailers  Walmart  AMZN  DIS  MSFT  FIT  Apple  B…
All The Post-Thanksgiving Holiday Deals From The 2 Largest Retailers  Walmart  AMZN  DIS  MSFT  FIT  Apple  BlackFriday
MarketCurrents: Investment firms weigh in on Black Friday standouts  AMZN  Walmart  LULU  LB
Investment firms weigh in on Black Friday standouts  AMZN  Walmart  LULU  LB
On  BF some ppl buy  Walmart, others  BBY, I prefer my deals of the black variety  OIL  CL_F :)   
 Walmart: Wal-Mart lifts higher in early trade towards last week's/November highs along the 72-level 
Walmart says 60% of  blackFriday digital sales went through a mobile device  wmt
 Walmart  M  BBY:

Holiday Shopping Still Key for Wal-Mart and Big Retailers:


Retweeted FOX Business ( FoxBusiness):

Retail Stocks:
 Walmart
 JWN
 KSS
 TGT
 BBY 
Dow  Stocks Trend  DD  MCD  GE  Boeing  AXP  UNH  CAT  UTX  DIS  IBM  Apple  GS  CVX  JPM  Walmart  HD  XOM  VZ  MSFT    
 Amazon  Disruption - Sell  WalMart,  Target As Soon As You Can...  4ir  tech  innovation  amzn  wmt  tgt  ecommerce 
 AMZN  Walmart:

All The Post-Thanksgiving Holiday Deals From The 2 Largest Retailers:


 Walmart now selling Cartier 
Black Friday & Sector Spin. Discussed:  GME,  BBY,  Walmart,  M,  T,  NFLX,  AMZN,  DIS,  CNK  investools
Wal-Mart: Still The Safest Item In Retail  Walmart 
 Walmart  BRK.A  BRK.B:

Wal-Mart: Still The Safest Item In Retail:


Black Friday Deals: 2 Stocks to Buy, 2 Stocks to Avoid  BBY  M  Walmart  ANF  blackfriday 
 Walmart Black Friday .Cyber Monday. Thanksgiving week pop and overbought. Sell on a limit at 71.50. Stop 72.60 a long term target at 66.25.
 MDCL - Green POT STOCKS today.  TRTC  GRNH  KAYS  AMMJ  MJNA - Rebound continues  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD… 
Big Pimpin 
 Walmart selling an  18,000  Cartier watch...many folks now deciding college tuition of the best watch in town?
Wife just did an online order  wmt. Will be available 11/30.
YahooFinance: Why Walmart's  CyberMonday plans should have Amazon terrified  Walmart  AMZN 
The  BlackFriday score so far: Target, Wal-Mart, Macy's -- and the biggest winner to emerge 
 Daytrading leahanne: 10:45 ET Volume Leader  70 - Walmart 1,722,518 Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 71.32 +0.49 +0.69% High t... 
Why Walmart's  CyberMonday plans should have Amazon terrified  Walmart  AMZN 
'Black Friday' Turning Into 'Couch Friday' - Cowen  Walmart  PINK  AEO  TGT (more...) 
10:45 ET Volume Leader  70 - Walmart 1,722,518 Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart 71.32 +0.49 +0.69% High today of 71.23 day low 
 Walmart The Black Friday Score So Far: Target, Wal-Mart, Macy's, Apple, Mobile 
Malls and target is dead.. nobody Black Friday shopping  TGT  Walmart  SPX
7 Amazing Photos That Show J.C. Penney Winning the Early Holiday Season Wars  JCP  M  TGT  Walmart  SHLD  blackfriday 
Walmart 71.10 Wal-Mart Stores  Walmart Std Dev +0.67. Walmart Trading at 71.10 Day High 71.22 & Day Low 71.32 Change +0.27 
Big Day For  Retailers: 5  ETFs To Shop For  BlackFriday  PMR  RTH  XRT  IBUY  FTXD Also  JCP  KSS  TGT  Walmart  Apple 
Top Stock searches on message boards and Twitter:  Apple  SPY  AMZN  FB  Walmart (10:31 am)  stocks  finance  stockmarket  StockPicks
 MDCL - Medicine Man Marijuana-Tech increases yields 50%!   AMZN  Walmart   NVDA   EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S  GOOG… 
I would like to state that  TGT, AMZN is going down vs  Walmart,  BBY &  JCP.
 BlackFriday at least from earlier sales in Michigan
long  Walmart next weeks 72.5s at 22c
jim50: Stock Alerts: Walmart Gapped up +0.43  Walmart Last Price 71.51 Day 
GREEN Marijuana stocks today  WDRP  EDXC  KAYS  TRTC  AMMJ - Don't miss the reversal.  AMZN  Walmart   NVDA   EBoeingY… 
 RudyHavenstein What would Jesus do? Two people are killed outside  M Macy's and  Walmart Walmart.  BlackFriday 
On The Fly: Pre-market Movers  CTRP  TGT  Walmart  M  JCP  AIRG 
 SNE  SONY  PS4  BlackFriday 2016 Best  games  PS4Slim bundles from Sony  TGT  MSFT  AMZN  NTDOY  NMGC  EBoeingY  Walmart  T
Havent traded  Walmart in years, but inexpensive call options for next week - more room for upside compared to other retailers ie.  TGT  M .ect
ChannelAdvisor estimates Walmart's online sales up 39.7% on Thanksgiving vs same day last year  Walmart  blackfriday
Can extending its Cyber Monday sale help Target compete with Amazon and Walmart?  TGT  Walmart… 
 TGT  Walmart:

Online sales surge, but brick-and-mortar retailers bullish for Black …:


 WDRP - Real HEMP COFFEE! .0044 stock price??  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S  GOOG… 
If you follow  Symbol This is a must join site! ----> 
 DE  Walmart  AG  COST
Business LOTP update: FoxBusiness: Retail Stocks:
 Walmart
 JWN
 KSS
 TGT
 BBY  busniess  news
Wal-Mart  Walmart is moving back into the  Greed category with new  Luxe  merch on it's website.  TMZ  MJ  RogueOne
 JCP  M  Walmart  .DXY  .STOXX:

Dow, S&P hit record highs on Black Friday as Trump rally continues:


 Walmart US stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begin 
 Walmart:

ChannelAdvisor Sees Great Numbers So Far for Walmart (Walmart):


ChannelAdvisor Sees Great Numbers So Far for Walmart  Walmart 
U.S. stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begin  AMZN  ANF  BBY  M  TGT  Walmart 
As of Thanksgiving Day, ChannelAdvisor customers selling on were up 39.7% YoY on a same-store sales basis  Walmart
 AMZN  Walmart  TGT:

What Wal-Mart, Target, and Amazon Are Doing on Cyber Monday:


11/25  CTRP and will also keep an eye on  Walmart &  M. Not forcing anything.
Benzinga: Gobble Gobble, Wal-Mart Shoppers: Half A Pound Of Turkey And Ham Sold Per U.S. Resident  AMZN  Walmart
Gobble Gobble, Wal-Mart Shoppers: Half A Pound Of Turkey And Ham Sold Per U.S. Resident  AMZN  Walmart
Happy  DayAfterThanksgiving !
 blackfriday  Target  Walmart  Amazon  TGT  Walmart  AMZN 
 Walmart Morning Meeting: The Big Winners on Black Friday 
Black Friday sales need to last more than day to avoid violence. Totally nuts, and irresponsible.  M  Walmart  
 Walmart:

Morning Meeting: The Big Winners on Black Friday:


5 Stocks that Make Great Buys Ahead of Cyber Monday
 AMZN  TGT  Walmart 
Gotta get dem cheap widgets  wmt  m 
I've written about Wal-Mart's chairman selling  50 million in Hyatt stock.  Walmart  H  barronsonline
 MDCL-Medicine-Man(Blue-Chip-Marijuana)  USA LEGAL POT Map-  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR… 
Better Buy - Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.:  WFM  Walmart
 TGT  Walmart Online Sales Grew 14% on Thanksgiving as Wal-Mart and Target Tout Black Friday Deals
 Walmart  AMZN:

Gobble Gobble, Wal-Mart Shoppers: Half A Pound Of Turkey And …:


Why Moats Matter: The Morningstar Approach to Stock Investing:  SPY  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart
EARLY MOVERS:  JCP  JNJ  DBK  LHA  WFC  YUM  LB  YUMC  M  LWN  AMZN  Walmart  TGT - CNBC 
Will Digital Sales Save Target's Holiday Quarter? Learn here:  AMZN  Walmart  TGT
WATCHING CLOSELY:  SPY, UUP,   QQQ,  IYT,  EPI,  UVXY,  Walmart,  CAT,  NVDA,  AMAT,  MU,  X,  AA,  GDX,  BBY,  LLY
HOLIDAY PRICE WAR INTENSIFIES as Wal-Mart, Target Pursue Amazon  Walmart  TGT  AMZN - BLOOMBERG 
Retail gapping up this AM  JCP  Walmart  JNJ  M
 Walmart Trending Now 11/25/2016 If you follow Walmart Share your thoughts here

Go here: ---->  
My  TGT empty right now - With door buster deals in stock everywhere

 Walmart  COST  jimcramer  StaceyRetail  blackfriday
 Walmart:

Holiday Price War: Are Black Friday Deals Worth It?:


Wal-Mart says that more than 70 pct of traffic to during the Thursday event came from mobile devices.  Walmart
Walmart says 70%+ of traffic to during Black Friday event driven by mobile.   Walmart
Check out the  BlackFriday early movers by  elizabethgurdus  JCP  Walmart  AMZN  M  TGT  JWN  WFC & more 
Tupperware and other low priced home goods popular at  Walmart, while  toy section shockingly small.  blackfriday  Walmart
. elizabethgurdus having her first go at early movers!  JCP,  Walmart,  AMZN,  M,  TGT,  JWN,  WFC & more 
Early movers:  JCP,  Walmart,  AMZN,  M,  TGT,  JWN,  WFC & more 
 JeffMacke 

 TGT  MSFT  Apple  Walmart  JCP

for ME

with a  Kohls KICKER

complement my  WU  FB  appl  goog  amzn NOONER
Early movers:  JCP  Walmart  AMZN  M  TGT  JWN  WFC  DB  JNJ  YUMC 
 JCP  Walmart  AMZN  M  TGT:

Early movers: JCP, Walmart, AMZN, M, TGT, JWN, WFC & more:


3yrs ago today... 📷 Black Friday Road Trip!  TGT  BKS  GPS  MSFT  ANF  JWN  Walmart  SBUX… 
Sam Walton and Building a Business Empire:  Walmart  walmart  entrepreneurship  business  innovation  empirebuilding
 Walmart Healthy Dividend Yield, Capital Gain Offer Good Investment Opportunity 
Very long line at  Walmart for layaway  blackfriday  Walmart 
Busiest place in  Walmart is cheap DVDs  blackfriday  Walmart 
 avnw,  wmt swing into December.  stocks
 Walmart:

Macy’s Is Set To Rally Through 2017:


Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
 Walmart's U.K. Unit Repeats Risky Strategy in Dumping Black Friday Sales. Read more:  Walmart
The 10 Rules of Sam Walton: Success Secrets for Remarkable Results:  Walmart  walmart  business  entrepreneurship
 AMZN  TGT  Walmart:

Five Things You Need to Know to Start Your Day:


Battling Amazon, brick-and-mortar chains offer bigger discounts.  AMZN  BBY  M  TGT  Walmart… 
Retailers didn't waste any time with Black Friday prep  Walmart  AMZN  TGT 
Wondering about risks of  Walmart? The 21-day volatility is 4.58% 
 Walmart  TGT  AMZN Holiday price war intensifies as Wal-Mart and Target pursue Amazon on  BlackFriday via  business
A Beginner's Guide to Day Trading Online by Toni Turner:  Apple  SPY  UWTI  DWTI  IBM  Walmart
Unicorn Bay rating for  Walmart is 3.75 out of 5. 
C Douglas Mcmillon Sells 75,063 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Stock 
Walmart's U.K. Unit Repeats Risky Strategy in Dumping Black Friday Sales  Walmart 
Despite holiday creep,  BlackFriday remains a big shopping day.  BBY  M  TGT  Walmart… 
Talking  blackFriday winners and the invasion of Europe 5.05am on  TGT  Walmart  KSS  PVH  RL  CNBCWEX
My phone died during my epic  BlackFriday coverage. At  Walmart +  TGT best seller were TVs  KOH it was apparel + Hatchimals sold out at  TOY.
 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:1.01% Weekly:-0.78% YTD:18.05% Trend:57 / 100  
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Given a  81.00 Price Target by Nomura Analysts 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research 
Do you know that  Book Value for  Walmart is  25.15 
 Walmart Walmart Delivers Deals, Availability and Simplicity on Black Friday... - 
Here are the Biggest Signs Yet the Holiday Shopping Season has Started Well  Apple  SNE  TGT  Walmart  M  AMZN  NKE  XLY
 AMZN  TGT  Walmart:

Holiday Price War Intensifies as Wal-Mart, Target Pursue Amazon:


 Walmart Even with holiday creep, Black Friday is a big shopping day 
With 400 exclusive toys available, can Walmart be the Grinch that steals Amazon's Christmas?… 
If you follow  GPRO What do you think about it? ----> 
 CATB  Walmart  MDLZ  BBX
Shareholder Yield: A Better Approach to Dividend Investing by Mebane Faber:  HD  TGT  Walmart  BBBY  KSS
Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond:  KO  PEP  MCD  Walmart  KSS  LYB  STX WDC
 Walmart Probably a no brainer going into the shopping season. 
 Walmart leading social buzz with a 35% share of Black Friday mentions, per Adobe, above  TGT (34%), Kohls (11%), Toys R Us (7%) Sam’s Club (4%)
 Walmart Thanksgiving Online Sales Growth Strong; Target Touts Apple Gear 
 TGT  Apple  HPQ  AMZN  Walmart:

Thanksgiving Online Sales Growth Strong; Target Touts Apple Gear:


Thanksgiving Online Sales Growth Strong; Target CEO Bullish, Touts Apple Gear
 Apple  AMZN  TGT  HPQ  Walmart
 MDCL Huge REVERSAL in Marijuana Stocks started Wed!  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S… 
 BrianSozzi giant bears everywhere  wmt 
Doing the  BlackFriday rounds in NJ! Check it's all unfolding on Instagram stories follow me  HithaHerzog there!… 
 Walmart guy just told me they don't have  Titanfall2 because a couple came in and bought every copy of the game they had.  Walmart  BlackFriday
May be a bust for getting  Titanfall2.  Walmart (at  Walmart Supercenter in Derry, NH) 
 BTeevale I used to work at the  Walmart on 20 and Great Southwest, worked during Black Friday a couple times and its unreal the way people act.
